 One of the most interesting books I've ever read!  I could not put this one down.  If all economics books were written this well, everyone would want to be an economist!  The author has a unique perspective on the analysis of data that is very compelling.  He will make you question every "fact" you've ever heard and observe the world around you from a different angle
 In the 1970's, Peter Singer came out with a radical argument which was new in the field of ethics; animal liberation.  In the 1970's, Peter Singer came out with a radical argument which was new in the field of ethics; animal liberation.  While some philosophers and others had in the past, argued for the necessity of being kind to animals (Schopenhauer probably being the most notable case because of his deep respect for Buddhism), Peter Singer was probably the first philosopher in Western philosophy to set out a systematic rational set of arguments for regarding the rights of animals.  While some philosophers and others had in the past, argued for the necessity of being kind to animals (Schopenhauer probably being the most notable case because of his deep respect for Buddhism), Peter Singer was probably the first philosopher in Western philosophy to set out a systematic rational set of arguments for regarding the rights of animals.  Singer's primary argument, and a very interesting one, is science has demonstrated we show very close connections to many kinds of animals, particularly in the structures of our vital organs, nervous systems and brains.  Singer gathers some strong evidence from biology showing how many animal species are apparently capable of feeling pain and hence of suffering.  Singer's primary argument, and a very interesting one, is science has demonstrated we show very close connections to many kinds of animals, particularly in the structures of our vital organs, nervous systems and brains.  Singer gathers some strong evidence from biology showing how many animal species are apparently capable of feeling pain and hence of suffering.  On these grounds Singer argues animals are entitled to certain rights, at least when they are being used by humans.  The fact animals can suffer means we can't just treat them as another form of material object or resource for our use, but we need to consider them as fellow beings.  On these grounds Singer argues animals are entitled to certain rights, at least when they are being used by humans.  The fact animals can suffer means we can't just treat them as another form of material object or resource for our use, but we need to consider them as fellow beings.  Singer builds up a set of arguments against eating animals, using animals in agricultural contexts, using animals for scientific experimentation, or using animals for commercial research such as the testing of cosmetic products.  Singer draws on some infamous and damning experiments which seem to have caused terrible pain and suffering to animals for little apparent gain in scientific knowledge, including the use of 'rape racks' and virtual torture of infant monkeys in one series of experiments.  At the end of the book, Singer presents several vegetarian recipies and hopes readers will stop eating meat on this example.Singer builds up a set of arguments against eating animals, using animals in agricultural contexts, using animals for scientific experimentation, or using animals for commercial research such as the testing of cosmetic products.  Singer draws on some infamous and damning experiments which seem to have caused terrible pain and suffering to animals for little apparent gain in scientific knowledge, including the use of 'rape racks' and virtual torture of infant monkeys in one series of experiments.  At the end of the book, Singer presents several vegetarian recipies and hopes readers will stop eating meat on this example.Singer's work has been very powerful in its influence, and several philosophers built on and expanded on his work.  However, others have criticized his arguments quite strongly, on many grounds.  It has also become a kind of manifesto for many animal rights campaigners and animal liberationists, some of whom have resorted to violent means to 'free' animals from scientific experimentation.Singer's work has been very powerful in its influence, and several philosophers built on and expanded on his work.  However, others have criticized his arguments quite strongly, on many grounds.  It has also become a kind of manifesto for many animal rights campaigners and animal liberationists, some of whom have resorted to violent means to 'free' animals from scientific experimentation.While I admire Singer's rigorous arguments as well as the formidable evidence he marshals to back it, I cannot entirely agree with them.  It seems that at least some scientific research involving animals is necessary for fighting many awful diseases and conditions which cause terrible human suffering.  I think a total ban on animal research, especially medical research and biotechnology research aimed at improving human health, is excessive.  While I admire Singer's rigorous arguments as well as the formidable evidence he marshals to back it, I cannot entirely agree with them.  It seems that at least some scientific research involving animals is necessary for fighting many awful diseases and conditions which cause terrible human suffering.  I think a total ban on animal research, especially medical research and biotechnology research aimed at improving human health, is excessive.  Animals also form an essential part of the livelihood of many people around the world.  No doubt in many cases some practices lead to animals suffering, but does this mean all useage of animals in agriculture should be stopped?  Where do we make changes?  When do we make them?  I certainly agree agriculture should be done in such a way animal cruelty is removed, and suffering reduced as much as possible, but preventing all suffering is impossible, and reality will require compromise.  Animals also form an essential part of the livelihood of many people around the world.  No doubt in many cases some practices lead to animals suffering, but does this mean all useage of animals in agriculture should be stopped?  Where do we make changes?  When do we make them?  I certainly agree agriculture should be done in such a way animal cruelty is removed, and suffering reduced as much as possible, but preventing all suffering is impossible, and reality will require compromise.  Also as another ecologist remarked, sometimes practices which cause harm to an individual animal is necessary to protect the overall ecosystem.  Hunting rabbits and kangeroos or cats or horses will cause suffering to these creatures, but is often a necessity in Australia where in many areas these animals are dangerous pests that ruin the native environment through overpopulation or hunting.  Also as another ecologist remarked, sometimes practices which cause harm to an individual animal is necessary to protect the overall ecosystem.  Hunting rabbits and kangeroos or cats or horses will cause suffering to these creatures, but is often a necessity in Australia where in many areas these animals are dangerous pests that ruin the native environment through overpopulation or hunting.  Still, the strongest thing in favour of Singer's thesis is that we do share a profound connection with nature, and our terrible disregard for the biosphere is coming back to haunt us in the form of mass extinctions of species.  We certainly need to redevelop a sense of what Edmund Wilson calls 'biophilia', a sense of affinity with nature and the natural world, rather than simply seeing it as another object to gratify our desires
 If you're into reading memoirs, this is exceptional.  Her clarity of thought and her ability to portray her feelings into words is unsurpassed, in my opinion.  I enjoy her prose so very much.  I can find myself relating to so many of her feelings and thoughts despite the difference of age and time.  This is a great read
 This book explains in simple terms all the stuff that the other one's don't explain. It's one of the best books on photography hands down.It's clearly the next step in amature photography you will need.I am currently waiting for it to arrive at my door. I have read it already.I want to own it so I have it forever. I plain on absorbing every comma, period and explaination mark, and explaining it to everyone.My hat's off to the author. I LIKE IT
 Geez.  Its a book folks.  Nobody said it was going to be perfect.  Granted the sentence structure leaves alot to be deisred but use your imagination.  Draw upon your inner child and immerse yourself in the story and stop worrying about the piddly things.  If you want to read books then read them and enjoy them.  If you want to EDIT them then go be an editor.  We live in a world where people sell drugs that kill our kids for money and your worried about this guy making a few bucks with a writing career?  It's called priorities people, get some.  I say he should continue to write and see what he becomes.  Geez.  Its a book folks.  Nobody said it was going to be perfect.  Granted the sentence structure leaves alot to be deisred but use your imagination.  Draw upon your inner child and immerse yourself in the story and stop worrying about the piddly things.  If you want to read books then read them and enjoy them.  If you want to EDIT them then go be an editor.  We live in a world where people sell drugs that kill our kids for money and your worried about this guy making a few bucks with a writing career?  It's called priorities people, get some.  I say he should continue to write and see what he becomes.  I have read Tolkien (not just The Hobbit and LOTR - but ALL of his works).  Dark Tower, Harry Potter, and Star Wars stuff too.  I love Sci-Fi.  Stop nitpicking.  If your at that point then you have lost the purpose of picking up a good sci-fi book.  Start over.  Do not pass go and do not collect $200.00.   I have read Tolkien (not just The Hobbit and LOTR - but ALL of his works).  Dark Tower, Harry Potter, and Star Wars stuff too.  I love Sci-Fi.  Stop nitpicking.  If your at that point then you have lost the purpose of picking up a good sci-fi book.  Start over.  Do not pass go and do not collect $200.00.   
 I'm a little late in reading this book.  I am trying to pace myself between the movies and the books so that I can enjoy a little Harry Potter at least every year.    I think Goblet of Fire is the best in the series, so naturally it would be pretty difficult for Phoenix to live up to that standard.  In Goblet, it feels like Rowling had a fantastic ending in mind, and that drove the writing of the story.  In Phoenix, it seems like the story is key and the ending was simply tacked on to round it out and provide some concluding information.  The major theme seemed to be the Ministry's takeover of Hogwarts.  I found that entire thread to be thoroughly engrossing.  Harry's dreams, however, took on sub-plot status, and then rose to the top for the final conflict.    I didn't mind the length of the book, but it did seem to drag in a couple of places.  The gang spent too much time at Grimmauld Place.  I could have also done without Hagrid's giant story.    My biggest problem with the book was Dumbledore's secrecy.  Good stories have real roadblocks to keep the hero from achieving his/her goal.  In Phoenix, the cause for most of the confusion was that Dumbledore was reluctant to share certain information with Harry.  He explains his behavior in a most unconvincing way in the final pages.  The secrecy was necessary for the story to take the course that it did, but it lacked good motivation and left me feeling let down.  It reminded me of the natural disaster movie template where the world could be easily saved if not for an arrogant bureaucrat who refuses to listen to the young upstart with all the answers.  It is contrived conflict that is hardly believable.  Don't get me wrong.  I love the Harry Potter series.  And, perhaps my expectations have risen too high.  I am eagerly awaiting the movie and then I know I will devour book 6 (when I allow myself to read it).  I lose interest in most book series after the first couple of installments.  Harry Potter always leaves me wanting more
 After reading this account of the acension of Everest, you gotta wonder why anybody would want to.Is it really worth it ?For the thrill seaking personality, of course it is.For normal people, forget about it.Even if you aren't into climbing mountains, this book is gripping from page to page and you don't want to put it down.Krakauer's first (?) book - "Into the Wild" is also great but this one is better, being a first person account.I remember when this came out and the surrounding backlash that accompanied it from people associated to the dead.Forget them, Krakauer get's it right, with no hidden agenda, unless you count surviving.I would have liked more commentary from the surviving members, though.And not to state the obvious to everyone else but me but why do they leave the bodies on the mountain ?They risk their lives to rescue the affirmed or injured living but once they're dead, they just leave them there ?What's up with that ?What's up with that ?What's up with that ?What's up with that ?
 There is about as much additional science in Social Intelligence, compared to Emotional Intelligence, as you could write on a postcard : mirror neurones and spindle cells.   Nevertheless, we can be thankful that Daniel Goleman chose to pay his tax bills this way.  Firstly, it serves to bring back the lessons of the earlier book to best-seller awareness, which is goodness.  Secondly, it re-casts them more clearly in an inter-personal format.  Note that this already existed in Emotional Intelligence, but was not so clearly called out.  The most positive aspect is the confirmation provided by fMRI studies to previous empirical or intuitive knowledge on the importance of inter-personal relationships to psychic ecology.  A question-mark would be against the reliance on Seligman's and Csikszentmihalyi's questionnaire based results.  Questionnaire psychology is frustratingly limited in the gap between the suggestive nature of the results and the impossibilty of distinguishing between correlation and cause-effect
 I am a big Tananarive Due fan because she never fails to deliver the goods in terms of interesting plot, storyline and characters, which many can be anyone of us. She is a fascinating author as she creates several different scenarios that are very different over a great span of time and unites them in a way that is nothing short of amazing. Keep up the good work.....A T. Due fan! Trinice S. Moses - Sisters with a Purpose Book Clu
 This book explains in simple terms all the stuff that the other one's don't explain. It's one of the best books on photography hands down.It's clearly the next step in amature photography you will need.I am currently waiting for it to arrive at my door. I have read it already.I want to own it so I have it forever. I plain on absorbing every comma, period and explaination mark, and explaining it to everyone.My hat's off to the author. I LIKE IT
 Carl Hiaasen, who pens a weekly column for The Miami Herald, certainly follows the adage "Write what you know." While he occasionally covers nationally significant events, Hiaasen generally confines his writings to the fertile territory that is the state of Florida. Readers of Hiaasen's columns know well his passions and viewpoints. His sarcastic commentaries often take aim at such topics as the medical profession, land developers, crooked politicians, gun aficionados, tobacco companies, madcap theme parks and the destruction of Florida's environment. But weekly newspaper pieces are not the end of Hiaasen's caustic observations --- they are only the beginning. In 10 novels written over a span of 20 years, Hiaasen has expanded upon all of these topics in hilarious tales that poke fun at every aspect of life in the Sunshine State.Carl Hiaasen, who pens a weekly column for The Miami Herald, certainly follows the adage "Write what you know." While he occasionally covers nationally significant events, Hiaasen generally confines his writings to the fertile territory that is the state of Florida. Readers of Hiaasen's columns know well his passions and viewpoints. His sarcastic commentaries often take aim at such topics as the medical profession, land developers, crooked politicians, gun aficionados, tobacco companies, madcap theme parks and the destruction of Florida's environment. But weekly newspaper pieces are not the end of Hiaasen's caustic observations --- they are only the beginning. In 10 novels written over a span of 20 years, Hiaasen has expanded upon all of these topics in hilarious tales that poke fun at every aspect of life in the Sunshine State.NATURE GIRL is Hiaasen's 11th novel. While he skewers many familiar targets, there are a few new objects of ridicule for his skillful and entertaining writing. Hiaasen's Florida romps all share common traits: quirky plots, countless screwball characters and an irreverent style that creates laughter on every page. The prime target for his ire in NATURE GIRL is Boyd Shreave, a telemarketer pitching Florida real estate who places a sales call to Honey Santana, thereby setting in motion a chain of events familiar to any Hiaasen aficionado. Anyone who has experienced the pain of a telemarketing call interrupting a quiet and peaceful evening at home can identify with Santana's plot of revenge. She turns the tables on Shreave and lures the unsuspecting pitchman to Florida for a phony tour of nonexistent Florida property.NATURE GIRL is Hiaasen's 11th novel. While he skewers many familiar targets, there are a few new objects of ridicule for his skillful and entertaining writing. Hiaasen's Florida romps all share common traits: quirky plots, countless screwball characters and an irreverent style that creates laughter on every page. The prime target for his ire in NATURE GIRL is Boyd Shreave, a telemarketer pitching Florida real estate who places a sales call to Honey Santana, thereby setting in motion a chain of events familiar to any Hiaasen aficionado. Anyone who has experienced the pain of a telemarketing call interrupting a quiet and peaceful evening at home can identify with Santana's plot of revenge. She turns the tables on Shreave and lures the unsuspecting pitchman to Florida for a phony tour of nonexistent Florida property.NATURE GIRL begins with an event not uncommon in a Hiaasen novel: someone dies and someone else tries to dispose of the body. Sammy Tigertail, a fugitive half-breed Seminole, takes a tourist out on his airboat. The tourist is frightened by a harmless water snake and dies of an apparent heart attack. Panic-stricken, Sammy decides to ditch the body somewhere in the Ten Thousand Islands area of Southeast Florida. The cast of characters, as often occurs in a Hiaasen novel, expands exponentially. Shreave has a wife intent on divorce, along with a girlfriend who accompanies Shreave on his ostensible Florida vacation. Eugenie Fonda once achieved fame as the girlfriend of a tabloid murderer.NATURE GIRL begins with an event not uncommon in a Hiaasen novel: someone dies and someone else tries to dispose of the body. Sammy Tigertail, a fugitive half-breed Seminole, takes a tourist out on his airboat. The tourist is frightened by a harmless water snake and dies of an apparent heart attack. Panic-stricken, Sammy decides to ditch the body somewhere in the Ten Thousand Islands area of Southeast Florida. The cast of characters, as often occurs in a Hiaasen novel, expands exponentially. Shreave has a wife intent on divorce, along with a girlfriend who accompanies Shreave on his ostensible Florida vacation. Eugenie Fonda once achieved fame as the girlfriend of a tabloid murderer.While Santana is obsessed with her plot to destroy Shreave, she must also fend off the advances of a stalker known only to readers as Mr. Piejack and her drug-running former husband Perry. Add to the mix one Florida State co-ed who falls in love with Sammy Tigertail and a private investigator hired by Shreave's wife to follow him on his tryst with Eugenie, and the pieces to a puzzle that create a picture of hilarity are almost all in place.While Santana is obsessed with her plot to destroy Shreave, she must also fend off the advances of a stalker known only to readers as Mr. Piejack and her drug-running former husband Perry. Add to the mix one Florida State co-ed who falls in love with Sammy Tigertail and a private investigator hired by Shreave's wife to follow him on his tryst with Eugenie, and the pieces to a puzzle that create a picture of hilarity are almost all in place.Carl Hiaasen is a genius in creating mayhem on the pages of his novels. Characters move in all directions across Florida, and readers may often have difficulty keeping track of their various escapades. In the end, however, everything comes together in a typical Hiaasen conclusion. NATURE GIRL is pure Hiaasen, and his many readers once again will experience the joy of his humor and his easily recognized and human characters.Carl Hiaasen is a genius in creating mayhem on the pages of his novels. Characters move in all directions across Florida, and readers may often have difficulty keeping track of their various escapades. In the end, however, everything comes together in a typical Hiaasen conclusion. NATURE GIRL is pure Hiaasen, and his many readers once again will experience the joy of his humor and his easily recognized and human characters.   --- Reviewed by Stuart Shiffma
 Excellent, realistic, practical advice.  As parent of a very strong-willed two-year old, I continually found myself in a power struggle with him over EVERYTHING!  After reading this book in a couple of hours, I immediately began implementing the techniques (which are very common sense and SIMPLE), and now, just a couple of months later, I have a totally different relationship with my little boy.  I no longer feel like I am controlling him all the time, he is happily independent in ways we are both comfortable with.  This book really changed my life.  BTW, I had previously read the original Love and Logic for older children, which I liked, but it recommended spanking for children under 3.  This did NOT help!!!!!  This book recommends no spanking, but withdrawing all attention empathetically, which is what my pediatrician recommended, which actually works
 Again... early King is the best King.  This book is so good you'll read it back to back
 John Tyree is a soldier first, a man second. Or so he thinks until he meets Savannah Lynn Curtis. While on leave, he falls desperately in love with Savannah, the proverbial girl of his dreams. Sweet, intelligent, and giving, John knows he'll always carry her torch.John Tyree is a soldier first, a man second. Or so he thinks until he meets Savannah Lynn Curtis. While on leave, he falls desperately in love with Savannah, the proverbial girl of his dreams. Sweet, intelligent, and giving, John knows he'll always carry her torch.When September 11 changes the world, John is no exception. Moved by patriotic loyalty, he chooses to "re-up" in the army, adding time to his service and breaking his promise to return to Savannah. More promises are broken when he must attending to his ailing father.When September 11 changes the world, John is no exception. Moved by patriotic loyalty, he chooses to "re-up" in the army, adding time to his service and breaking his promise to return to Savannah. More promises are broken when he must attending to his ailing father.This is the story of how an ideal love can falter, despite its purity and strength. Not every romance results in a happy ending, but with a great deal of luck, those who don't survive will find meaning from the experience. Love, loyalty, friendship--all those sentiments are great, but to what cost? And how does this make a good man great? This is John's journey to that understanding.This is the story of how an ideal love can falter, despite its purity and strength. Not every romance results in a happy ending, but with a great deal of luck, those who don't survive will find meaning from the experience. Love, loyalty, friendship--all those sentiments are great, but to what cost? And how does this make a good man great? This is John's journey to that understanding.It goes without saying that Nicholas Sparks is one of today's "master" storytellers. Part of what makes him so successful is that he has the ability to create moving stories without pulling punches or painful twists. Such is the case in DEAR JOHN. Sparks offers a love story that has all the requisite components--well-crafted setting, high emotion, obstacles, resolution--then breaks it. It is from the sadness that hope emerges, and John Tyree, although still quite young, gains wisdom that will last a lifetime. Sorrow will be a large part of this, yes, but there is room for something more, something that will reach beyond the pages and touch John's tomorrow in a way only he will see.It goes without saying that Nicholas Sparks is one of today's "master" storytellers. Part of what makes him so successful is that he has the ability to create moving stories without pulling punches or painful twists. Such is the case in DEAR JOHN. Sparks offers a love story that has all the requisite components--well-crafted setting, high emotion, obstacles, resolution--then breaks it. It is from the sadness that hope emerges, and John Tyree, although still quite young, gains wisdom that will last a lifetime. Sorrow will be a large part of this, yes, but there is room for something more, something that will reach beyond the pages and touch John's tomorrow in a way only he will see.While this works, there is something lacking. It is one of those hard-to-define qualities that marks the difference between a good book and one that is outstanding. Maybe it's the heavy reliance on John's soldiering as an excuse for certain behaviors. Or perhaps it has more to do with aspects relating to John's relationship with his father, who appears to have Asperger's syndrome.While this works, there is something lacking. It is one of those hard-to-define qualities that marks the difference between a good book and one that is outstanding. Maybe it's the heavy reliance on John's soldiering as an excuse for certain behaviors. Or perhaps it has more to do with aspects relating to John's relationship with his father, who appears to have Asperger's syndrome.I'm giving DEAR JOHN 4-Books for a beautiful story, but not five because of that indefinable element that was lost between idea and paper.I'm giving DEAR JOHN 4-Books for a beautiful story, but not five because of that indefinable element that was lost between idea and paper.Reviewed by Christina Wantz Fixemer11/22/2006
 Dale Carnegie is one of the authors I have admired for so long. There are numerous reasons why this book is a classic one. He deeply believes that in every person there is good and you can approach it. Of course, there are many negative people who don't like this book because they see everything in black and white. Carnegie on the other side advocates a really delicate, positive and humane approach to everyone around you. It comes very close to "treat the others as you want them to treat you". I am sure that if everyone read and apply the principles in this wonderful book, the world will be a better place. I am sure that you will be pleased as well with his talent to really understand what drives people. Some of the key and basic motivators he discussed are sex and being important. His viewpoint is very close to the one of the bestselling author of scientfically guaranteed male multiple orgasms and ultimate sex. After all genius things are usually simple. Carnegie explores the human nature and common hot buttons together with the reader and gives you tools to manage and push them at your will with the help of numerous examples. I liked that the book is practical, easy and fun to read, and most of all that it delivers great value. I can not say the same for many other books. Definitely get a copy especially if you are a "good" person and prefer to treat people with respect and dignity
 Jared Diamond has an ambitious goal: explain the history of mankind globally.His thesis is quite simple: different people had different histories because of geographical (environmental), not innate (racial) differences. He presents, develops and defends his point of view brilliantly and forcefully.His thesis is quite simple: different people had different histories because of geographical (environmental), not innate (racial) differences. He presents, develops and defends his point of view brilliantly and forcefully.Some people remained hunters-gatherers, while others became masters of the world.The crucial factor in human history is food. The availability of materials (plants, animals) for domestication leads to the production of food surpluses in some geographical fertile regions, which allowed the feeding of specialists outside agriculture (craftsmen, warriors, bureaucrats, priests, kings). Intensive food production, population size and societal complexity stimulated each other as fewer peasants were needed to feed the whole population. Craftsmen developed maritime, military and industrial technology and warriors conquered new territories.Population growth generated a centralized organization (a state structure) for decision making (politics) and conflict resolutions (law).Domestication provided other cardinal advantages. Infectious diseases evolve from animal diseases. Through intimacy with animals people became immune. But, when not immunized populations came in contact with immunized, they were wiped out. Also, animals could be used as power engines and warrior transport means.Other important historical factors were those related to transmission of acquired knowledge: migration and, cardinally, writing.Other important historical factors were those related to transmission of acquired knowledge: migration and, cardinally, writing.While hunter-gatherer groups remained more or less egalitarian, states with centralized governments generated great differences of wealth. They became ruled by elite which controlled nearly wholly (kleptocracy) or partially the manna of the state (the budget).But, how could the elite continue to control the masses?Jared Diamond sees 4 different solutions: arm the elite and disarm the masses, redistribution of wealth, impose public order and curb violence (police), construct ideology or religion to justify the kleptocracy.The author remarks judiciously that with the organization of the state the irrational beliefs of the population became institutionalized into an `official' religion.The author remarks judiciously that with the organization of the state the irrational beliefs of the population became institutionalized into an `official' religion.All in all, Jared Diamond's book is a magisterial and very revealing Darwinian essay about power problems and survival of the human species.A must read for all those interested in the history of mankind.
 I seem to keep giving Mr. King all 5 stars.  Well, so what!?  His books are worth it.  I took my time with this book because I knew it was the last one in the series and I didn't want it to end.  The ending will send chills up your spine and you get closer and closer to the Dark Tower.  The journey, the roses, Roland, the history... King is one of the masters!
 One of the most interesting books I've ever read!  I could not put this one down.  If all economics books were written this well, everyone would want to be an economist!  The author has a unique perspective on the analysis of data that is very compelling.  He will make you question every "fact" you've ever heard and observe the world around you from a different angle
 A very solid and balanced recounting of the career in power of one of the most important diplomatic figures of the past one hundred years. In his book, Professor Beisner wisely concentrates almost entirely on the twelve years Dean Acheson was in power in Washington, D.C.A very solid and balanced recounting of the career in power of one of the most important diplomatic figures of the past one hundred years. In his book, Professor Beisner wisely concentrates almost entirely on the twelve years Dean Acheson was in power in Washington, D.C.The great issues grappled with in the immediate years after World War II still live with us today: Russia, Germany, Vietnam, Japan, North Korea, Israel, Iran, France, and China/Taiwan. If you are curious to know why some things are the way they are in today's world, read this book. The number of key foreign policy challenges that flew at this talented Secretary of State is astonishing
 Usually it's a struggle to get my 10 year old son to read.  He could not put this book down and has spent the last few days reading it aloud to me and citing different stories.  Now he wants me to look for similar books.  A success!
 Barrow, an astronomer at the University of Sussex when this book was published, provides an entertaining and informative account of the foundations and philosophy of mathematics.  Do mathematicians invent or discover mathematics?  What 'reality' do mathematical entities like pi have?  What accounts for what physicist Eugene Wigner has called, in a now-famous paper, &quot;The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Mathematics in the Natural Sciences&quot; (299)?  After an interesting account of the history of counting and numbers, Barrow discusses in succeeding chapters the philosophies of formalism, inventionism, intuitionism, and platonism, a sophisticated version of which he seems to favor.  Perhaps most mathematical workers follow what Alfred Korzybski called &quot;the 'christian science' school of mathematics, which proceeds by faith and disregards entirely any problems of the epistemological foundations of its supposed `scientific' activities&quot; (Science and Sanity 748).  I commend Barrow because he considers these epistemological questions important and writes about them so engagingly.  Barrow's discussions of theories and personalities provide useful background for understanding mathematical foundations.  As for Barrow's conclusions, from a non-aristotelian view, the appeal of platonism seems understandable as an example of identification, the confusion of orders of abstracting.  Barrow doesn't seem to consider that mathematicians may both invent and discover mathematics.  He seems so taken with the effectiveness of mathematics in the natural sciences that the notion of mathematical entities existing solely as high-order abstractions in human nervous systems seems insufficient to him.  As Korzybski pointed out, we live in a world of multi-dimensional, ordered structures or relations.  It does not seem unreasonable, then, that we can map this world with an exact language of relations, i.e., mathematics.  But as Korzybski also pointed out many times, &quot;the map is not the territory.&quot
 This is one of those life changing books.  I first came across this while looking midlessly through my local "spiritual" bookstore and ended up reading the entire thing in the next two hours.This is one of those life changing books.  I first came across this while looking midlessly through my local "spiritual" bookstore and ended up reading the entire thing in the next two hours.As a fast read, with a simple, concise message, this book lacks nothing.  It isn't dated, unless you consider religion or spiritual ideas dated.  Richard Bach creates a story that can effect you as much or as little as you want- but it teaches the precepts of becoming a messiah yourself and helps you to view Jesus, Christianity, God, and yourself in a brand new light.  As a fast read, with a simple, concise message, this book lacks nothing.  It isn't dated, unless you consider religion or spiritual ideas dated.  Richard Bach creates a story that can effect you as much or as little as you want- but it teaches the precepts of becoming a messiah yourself and helps you to view Jesus, Christianity, God, and yourself in a brand new light.  Needless to say, this is a five out of five.  Buy it today and then give it away
 This book was mind expanding, and told a great story of exploring the facets of one's personality and how much that personality is interdependent with his wife and others. My favorite part was the story of the "Golden Pages" where a person is taught by the wise man that truth of man's existence is inspiring and worthy of discovery, but to share that truth with others is subjecting oneself to ridicule and criticsm, if not war
   Year  In  Sports  2005   gives   you  all  of  2004.  As well,it  gives   hockey,basketball and  much  more.  It  gives  you    fast facts,triva
 I have been a fan of Larry Gonick`s work for years ever since I first stumbled onto his Cartoon Guide to Statistics.  He covers a subject the way it should be covered-historically.  Innovations in science and math have moved along together in a historical time line.  It was this historical approach that made Carl Sagan's Cosmos series one of the greatest innovations in the effort to popularize science.I have been a fan of Larry Gonick`s work for years ever since I first stumbled onto his Cartoon Guide to Statistics.  He covers a subject the way it should be covered-historically.  Innovations in science and math have moved along together in a historical time line.  It was this historical approach that made Carl Sagan's Cosmos series one of the greatest innovations in the effort to popularize science.I have long said that we teach science backward.  We still teach on a 19th Century model.  We start with biology, then chemistry, and finally physics.I have long said that we teach science backward.  We still teach on a 19th Century model.  We start with biology, then chemistry, and finally physics.Even when I was in high school, I wished that I could take physics before chemistry.  Before I was elected as a school board director, I was on our district's Gifted Advisory Council.  I made the suggestion that we teach physics before chemistry and, then, biology last.  I was immediately shot down by one of the other parents on the basis that sophomores do not have the math courses under their belts to tackle physics.  So why not teach the math along with the science?  Integrate it.  (No, that would make it too relevant.)Even when I was in high school, I wished that I could take physics before chemistry.  Before I was elected as a school board director, I was on our district's Gifted Advisory Council.  I made the suggestion that we teach physics before chemistry and, then, biology last.  I was immediately shot down by one of the other parents on the basis that sophomores do not have the math courses under their belts to tackle physics.  So why not teach the math along with the science?  Integrate it.  (No, that would make it too relevant.)I felt vindicated when a friend of mine reported that she attended a lecture by a Nobel laureate making the same assertion that I had been making for years-we teach science backwards.  After all, the toughest course out there is biochemistry-at least that is what every med student I know has ever said.  And biochemistry is the new frontier for blockbuster innovations-nano-technology not being the least of these frontiers.I felt vindicated when a friend of mine reported that she attended a lecture by a Nobel laureate making the same assertion that I had been making for years-we teach science backwards.  After all, the toughest course out there is biochemistry-at least that is what every med student I know has ever said.  And biochemistry is the new frontier for blockbuster innovations-nano-technology not being the least of these frontiers.Gonick underscores my assertion about teaching physics first, because in this book on chemistry, he introduces quantum mechanics, which is normally taught as physics, on page 28.Gonick underscores my assertion about teaching physics first, because in this book on chemistry, he introduces quantum mechanics, which is normally taught as physics, on page 28.Don't let he word "cartoon" in Larry Gonick`s books fool you into thinking that these are easy fluff surveys of the subjects involved.  He makes each subject accessible while being entertaining, but each book stands on its own as a complete basic survey course of the subject.Don't let he word "cartoon" in Larry Gonick`s books fool you into thinking that these are easy fluff surveys of the subjects involved.  He makes each subject accessible while being entertaining, but each book stands on its own as a complete basic survey course of the subject.So when I needed to add about two dollars to my order to get free shipping, it took me about thirty seconds to find my book.  I went right to Larry Gonick
 An outstanding, conceptually challenging, classic exploration of the ontology of art. It may be daunting at first, but once you become accustomed to the level of abstraction of the text, it is extremely  rewarding
 Sometimes advice coming from a parent is even better when it's reinforced by an outside source.  This book does just that.  It's practical and yet compassionate toward the sometimes awkward feelings young girls deal with.
 I remember my father giving me this book when I was young.  He was a junior high school english teacher and used this book in class.  Together we read the stories and I loved them.  Now I am a college professor and use the book in class myself. While some of the summaries are "dated," they are still useful in communicating the basic action of the play to students and the very fact that they are "dated" allows the book to serve as an illustration of how interpretations of Shakespeare's plays have changed since the Lambs' time.I remember my father giving me this book when I was young.  He was a junior high school english teacher and used this book in class.  Together we read the stories and I loved them.  Now I am a college professor and use the book in class myself. While some of the summaries are "dated," they are still useful in communicating the basic action of the play to students and the very fact that they are "dated" allows the book to serve as an illustration of how interpretations of Shakespeare's plays have changed since the Lambs' time.I recommend this book heartily. 
 One of the best! You cannot go wrong reading this as an intro to Islam. Truly an insiders look. A must read for everyone who loves freedom
 There are many books on ARM's architecture or manual references. So far, this book is the only book which concentrates on the firmware development side. Both assembly language and C are discussed, which is a relief for embedded/firmware engineers like me who like to combine both languages in a project.The 15 chapters in the book are:1- ARM Embedded Systems2- ARM Processor Fundamentals3- Introduction to the ARM instruction set4- Introduction to the Thumb instruction set5- Efficient C Programming6- Writing and Optimizing ARM assembly code7- Optimized Primitives8- Digital Signal Processing9- Exception and Interrupt Handling10- Firmware11- Embedded Operating Systems12- Cache13- Memory Protection Units14- Memory Management Units15- The Future of the ArchitectureThe strength of this book lies on the extensive examples on how to program ARM effectively. It is a nice guide for those who want to learn ARM programming style
 I read this book five years ago, when I was a manager leading a small company about 15 people. I  honour management style that respect human nature. Deming's priciples presented in this book give me a systematic  insight of the principles based on mutual trusting and respect. I used his  approach -- our company makes good profit -- and more important, all the  staff enjoy working in our company
 If you are in the computer business, or in sales, you already know the Dell story. It's about a driven man, Michael Dell, who came up with a simple idea - direct sales - and then expanded his company into the world's second biggest manufacturer of personal computers. Dell's personal story is inseparable from the story of his company, and his book gives readers his unfiltered, first-person perspective. He covers his company's history, challenges, problems and successes in an unvarnished, matter-of-fact style. We highly recommend this book to anyone in the computer industry, to entrepreneurs and to managers who want to make their small businesses grow
 Thank you Laura Jensen Walker for your tender, touching and humorous insight into the value of our special girlfriends.  All women will love reading Girl Time
 The characters are Tom, a Navy seal specializing is counter terroism home on medical leave visiting his uncle, and Kally, a big-city doctor caring for her terminally ill father.  Sounds like a typical match for a romance novel, but this novel is so much more than that.  Kelly and Tom have a past, but her father and his uncle has an even bigger past.  All four of them have to draw on their pasts to protect the futures of themselves and many others.  Many long kept secrets must be bared and all their hearts must mend.The characters are Tom, a Navy seal specializing is counter terroism home on medical leave visiting his uncle, and Kally, a big-city doctor caring for her terminally ill father.  Sounds like a typical match for a romance novel, but this novel is so much more than that.  Kelly and Tom have a past, but her father and his uncle has an even bigger past.  All four of them have to draw on their pasts to protect the futures of themselves and many others.  Many long kept secrets must be bared and all their hearts must mend.I think I have yet another author to add to my favorite list.  This novel not only has a suspensful, gripping plot, but is packed with romance, and excitment on many levels.  Most romance novels are only about two people with various cameo appearances by several others.  Not so, with this one.  There are four different stories wrapped eloquently into one novel, and expertly blended to create the whole.  The reader is kept guessing and there are surprises around evey turn.  Some are pleasant and some sad.  This is truly a moving tale on all levels.  You won 't be dissapointed
 Suzanne Brockmann is an unbelievable writer and her stories always draw me in.  The "mystery" portion of the story and the romance between Jane and Cosmo left a little to be desired.  I really didn't understand why Jane had to have her alternative personality as Mercedes and Cosmo was a little to soft for keeping up the hardened SEAL persona.  These particular characters seemed a bit empty compared to Jules and Robin, who clearly stole the show in this book. Suzanne Brockmann is an unbelievable writer and her stories always draw me in.  The "mystery" portion of the story and the romance between Jane and Cosmo left a little to be desired.  I really didn't understand why Jane had to have her alternative personality as Mercedes and Cosmo was a little to soft for keeping up the hardened SEAL persona.  These particular characters seemed a bit empty compared to Jules and Robin, who clearly stole the show in this book. As a matter of fact, of the different plots and stories going on in this book, Jules' was the best.  It was not only very well-written and sweet, but even as a hetrosexual female, I could identify with Jules and how he felt at times because what was happening to him, happens to all of us, whether you are in a gay or straight relationship.  I am really hoping that Jules either gets his own book, or has more appearances in future novels where he does find true happiness. I do share Ms. Brockmann's opinion when it comes to differences in appearance, nationality, sexual orientation, etc. and I really like how she includes this in her books.  As far as I'm concerned love is love, no matter what and it's portrayed beautifully here.As a matter of fact, of the different plots and stories going on in this book, Jules' was the best.  It was not only very well-written and sweet, but even as a hetrosexual female, I could identify with Jules and how he felt at times because what was happening to him, happens to all of us, whether you are in a gay or straight relationship.  I am really hoping that Jules either gets his own book, or has more appearances in future novels where he does find true happiness. I do share Ms. Brockmann's opinion when it comes to differences in appearance, nationality, sexual orientation, etc. and I really like how she includes this in her books.  As far as I'm concerned love is love, no matter what and it's portrayed beautifully here.Please Ms. Brockmann, don't allow the naysayers to steer you away from this storyline, it's a very good one
 I bought this book to start free weight training at home.  It is wonderful for home use.  The author describes the benefits of weight training and how to lift weights properly(which I found very useful as a first time weight lifter).  I love the descriptions that the author gives for each exercise.  The author also color codes which exercises to do for each level of training.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who is first starting out with free weights. 
 As a prospective college student, I have to tell you how much I appreciate Students' Guide to Colleges. It combines many of the best features of the Princeton Review and Fiske guides with much more comprehensiveness. I also appreciate that it is without any trying-to-sound-hip blather because these are not editor-interjected profiles, they're written by actual students. This is a great compliment--I have been looking at colleges seriously for about a year, and this is the best guide to colleges among the many I've seen. I also just read the Oberlin College profile in this book with an Oberlin alum and relative. She said that this was this most comprehensive and accurate Oberlin portrayal she's read in a guide. Among other things, she and I loved the different student perspectives and the unthinkable-in-previous-guides questions like "what aspect of your school would a prospective student not see on a college tour?" The guide's honesty also impressed me, as the Fiske guide lauded Vassar's "diversity," for example, where Students' Guide admits "Although Vassar likes to talk about diversity a lot, most students are actually wealthy and white." I am confident in saying that anyone applying anywhere from Hampshire to Harvard will find this book incredibly useful!! As a prospective college student, I have to tell you how much I appreciate Students' Guide to Colleges. It combines many of the best features of the Princeton Review and Fiske guides with much more comprehensiveness. I also appreciate that it is without any trying-to-sound-hip blather because these are not editor-interjected profiles, they're written by actual students. This is a great compliment--I have been looking at colleges seriously for about a year, and this is the best guide to colleges among the many I've seen. I also just read the Oberlin College profile in this book with an Oberlin alum and relative. She said that this was this most comprehensive and accurate Oberlin portrayal she's read in a guide. Among other things, she and I loved the different student perspectives and the unthinkable-in-previous-guides questions like "what aspect of your school would a prospective student not see on a college tour?" The guide's honesty also impressed me, as the Fiske guide lauded Vassar's "diversity," for example, where Students' Guide admits "Although Vassar likes to talk about diversity a lot, most students are actually wealthy and white." I am confident in saying that anyone applying anywhere from Hampshire to Harvard will find this book incredibly useful!! -Josh
 The Plot: After an emotional burnout, both Elias Winters and Charity Truitt are ready for a change. Each ends up moving to Whispering Waters Cove and operating a shop on Crazy Otis Landing. The two are instantly attracted and end up investigating a murder together.The Plot: After an emotional burnout, both Elias Winters and Charity Truitt are ready for a change. Each ends up moving to Whispering Waters Cove and operating a shop on Crazy Otis Landing. The two are instantly attracted and end up investigating a murder together.I've read this book twice. Initially, I was disappointed in this book. I had just finished reading several other JAK novels. Similar plots, similar characters with similar backgrounds . ... Reading this a second time without the JAK marathon, I found it an enjoyable read. The characters are likable and respectable. Good mystery. Amusing read
 You can always depend on the O'Reilly "Learning" series to provide an excellent detailed introduction to any language.  You will be up and running after you read this book.  You can always depend on the O'Reilly "Learning" series to provide an excellent detailed introduction to any language.  You will be up and running after you read this book.  My only complaint is the same material was covered several times as it was expanded in detail.
 Or so my wife tells me... she photocopied half the frozen yogurt section from the library before deciding we should buy the book. So far as I can remember, they were all good
 I would strongly recommend that anyone interested in this book read the review of this book by M. Goldin on H- Net.It is comprehensive and comes from someone who served in an Armed Forces combat unit during the Second World War.This book chronicles the negative and prejudiced attitudes held by various figures of the Army throughout the past century. These attitudes may have been  important in effecting the lives of individual soldiers at the unit level.They too may have had certain effect on overall U.S. policy in such matters as bombing the rail lines into Auschwitz. There were also efforts to influence negatively American attitudes towards the emerging Jewish state in Israel. This is in a way a sad and yet important book to read. It chronicles how that fundamental American ideal of equal treatment of the individual human being was violated by prejudice, and ignorance. 
 'A Little History of the World' is exactly what the title indicates. Gombrich takes the reader from the dawn of time to the mid-twentieth century. Gombrich covers cave men, great religious leaders, philosophers, and events over an incredible timeline.'A Little History of the World' is exactly what the title indicates. Gombrich takes the reader from the dawn of time to the mid-twentieth century. Gombrich covers cave men, great religious leaders, philosophers, and events over an incredible timeline.I got this book for my eight year old son and I to read together. There were certain chapters and topics which grapped his attention. Other chapters were a little over his head in regards to understanding the causes for certain events. In particular, the chapters covering the Inquisition and the causes that lead to the French Revolution were a little difficult for him to truely understand.I got this book for my eight year old son and I to read together. There were certain chapters and topics which grapped his attention. Other chapters were a little over his head in regards to understanding the causes for certain events. In particular, the chapters covering the Inquisition and the causes that lead to the French Revolution were a little difficult for him to truely understand.This book is a great way to introduce a child to the wonderful stories that make up the world we live in. It may also be a stepping stone to further reading on subjects that spark some interest
 The original publication of _The Lives of John Lennon_ in 1988 was accompanied by hysteria.  Much of it emanated from Yoko Ono, who likened Goldman's book to "being punched in the face."  Yoko is a close friend of Jann Wenner of Rolling Stone magazine, which duly ran an article attempting to discredit Goldman's book.  Some of Lennon's fans took this behavior in and assumed that _The Lives of John Lennon_ was forbidden; they would not read it because doing so would make them naughty.  The original publication of _The Lives of John Lennon_ in 1988 was accompanied by hysteria.  Much of it emanated from Yoko Ono, who likened Goldman's book to "being punched in the face."  Yoko is a close friend of Jann Wenner of Rolling Stone magazine, which duly ran an article attempting to discredit Goldman's book.  Some of Lennon's fans took this behavior in and assumed that _The Lives of John Lennon_ was forbidden; they would not read it because doing so would make them naughty.  Now, however, the dust has settled, and _The Lives of John Lennon_ holds up beautifully.  Each contention of Goldman's which was alleged to be outrageous in 1988 stands.  Remember the ridiculous panic over Goldman's portrait of Lennon as a heavy drug user?  That drug use has now been acknowledged by just about everyone who knew Lennon, including Ono and Lennon's first wife, Cynthia Powell.  The same is true about Goldman's claims about Lennon's tendency towards violence (a tendency Lennon himself owned up to in his Playboy interview).  And, while Ono and others acted agitated over Goldman's depiction of Lennon as bisexual, Ono herself is found to have said she considered John Lennon a "closet fag" in a 1981 interview.  (Why, then, was Ono so upset by the appearance of Goldman's book?  Because of what it reveals about her.)         It will be clear to anyone who approaches Goldman's book with a fair mind that the outrage its publication originally sparked was unjustified.  _The Lives of John Lennon_ is not dishonest or flawed in any way.  A perusal at his "Sources" section reveals his awesome thoroghness.  Goldman bravely explored areas of Lennon's and Ono's lives that others shied away from out of deference to Ono, a worshipful attitude towards Lennon, and a reluctance to figure things out.  Albert Goldman was the most fearless and thorough writer to approach this subject.  _The Lives of John Lennon_ might be overwhelming to the infantile fans who deify Lennon, but for those with genuine interest in Lennon, it is indispensable.It will be clear to anyone who approaches Goldman's book with a fair mind that the outrage its publication originally sparked was unjustified.  _The Lives of John Lennon_ is not dishonest or flawed in any way.  A perusal at his "Sources" section reveals his awesome thoroghness.  Goldman bravely explored areas of Lennon's and Ono's lives that others shied away from out of deference to Ono, a worshipful attitude towards Lennon, and a reluctance to figure things out.  Albert Goldman was the most fearless and thorough writer to approach this subject.  _The Lives of John Lennon_ might be overwhelming to the infantile fans who deify Lennon, but for those with genuine interest in Lennon, it is indispensable.It will be clear to anyone who approaches Goldman's book with a fair mind that the outrage its publication originally sparked was unjustified.  _The Lives of John Lennon_ is not dishonest or flawed in any way.  A perusal at his "Sources" section reveals his awesome thoroghness.  Goldman bravely explored areas of Lennon's and Ono's lives that others shied away from out of deference to Ono, a worshipful attitude towards Lennon, and a reluctance to figure things out.  Albert Goldman was the most fearless and thorough writer to approach this subject.  _The Lives of John Lennon_ might be overwhelming to the infantile fans who deify Lennon, but for those with genuine interest in Lennon, it is indispensable.   
 Many reviewers of this book have given it high marks because it is a terrific tutorial and that introduces most of the crucial techniques for writing great reports. I would agree as I have reporting experience with MS-Access and Crystal and this book helped me get up to speed quickly.  If you like learning in a step-by-step fashion right out of a book - this is the book!Many reviewers of this book have given it high marks because it is a terrific tutorial and that introduces most of the crucial techniques for writing great reports. I would agree as I have reporting experience with MS-Access and Crystal and this book helped me get up to speed quickly.  If you like learning in a step-by-step fashion right out of a book - this is the book!The bad reviews came from people that were looking for more of a reference type book.  While this book is not a bad reference it does fall short as a reference book.  For example,  one reviewer brought up that the ability to shade alternating detail rows of a report does not appear to be easy to find in this book.  I would agree with that. I was unable to go into the index and find a quick solution in this book. The bad reviews came from people that were looking for more of a reference type book.  While this book is not a bad reference it does fall short as a reference book.  For example,  one reviewer brought up that the ability to shade alternating detail rows of a report does not appear to be easy to find in this book.  I would agree with that. I was unable to go into the index and find a quick solution in this book. If you want a better reference book try the WROX book, Professional SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services.  That book is not as good as this book from a step-by-step standpoint but it is a better reference when you need a quick solutions.  For example, page 272 has code on how to shade alternating rows - they call it Greenbar Reports.  It was not easy to find in this book either.  How many people would look up "Greenbar Reports" in the reference?  I was looking into "shading alternative rows".  I just happened to stumble upon it.If you want a better reference book try the WROX book, Professional SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services.  That book is not as good as this book from a step-by-step standpoint but it is a better reference when you need a quick solutions.  For example, page 272 has code on how to shade alternating rows - they call it Greenbar Reports.  It was not easy to find in this book either.  How many people would look up "Greenbar Reports" in the reference?  I was looking into "shading alternative rows".  I just happened to stumble upon it.I bought both books together.  Of course there is lots of overlap but between the two that is all you will need to become a pro at Reporting Services.I bought both books together.  Of course there is lots of overlap but between the two that is all you will need to become a pro at Reporting Services.Reporting Services could use a COOKBOOK-style text like they have for Access and other programming languages. Those types of books have served me well over the years. Until then this book and the WROX book should do the trick
 I am a Lutheran church librarian and I am glad I bought this very satisfactory book for our church library.  Its text stresses that children are the same the world over.  They have the same feelings and needs, and have the same hopes and dreams.  The illustrations are a nice change from the usual.  Each page is surrounded by a gold picture frame in which faux jewels are embedded.  The illustrations appear to be tempera or opaque watercolor, drawn in Persian style.  The colors are very saturated.  The book's cover gives you an idea of what they look like.  The message of this book is one of diversity--that even though children live in different parts of the world and may have different nationalities, races, ethnicities, languages or faiths, they still have the same hopes, dreams and daily needs.  This is a very important message for children to hear in today's world where there is so much suspicion of those we "perceive" to be different.  The more children realize that kids are the same everywhere, the more tolerant they will be.  Children pick up prejudice by the time they are three years of age, say researchers, so you have to nip it in the bud very early, and this book does that in a wonderful way. 
 I heard about this book from Kelly and Regis when they both raved about it on their talk show. I bought it and I'm as excited about it a they are. It's everything they promised and more -- and it's actually fun to read which I never thought I'd ever say about a &quot;job&quot; book
 &quot;Stengel: His Life and Times&quot; is no mere biography.  It is a chronicle, not only of the earlier days of baseball, but of America itself.  As a biography, it is superlative.  As a history book, it stands on it's own merits
 I agree with the other reviewers that the book is worth buying and excellent to give you new ideas for using crochet with knitting. However, be warned that the sizing is fairly small. All of the womens patterns are either size 36 inch or 40 inch FINISHED measurements except for one pattern which is 40.5 inches. 
 Angels was the smallest college in Cambridge.  It was  built at the beginning of the 15th century.  Fairly had a fellowship.  St. Angelicus students had to find their own lodgings.  Fred Fairly had taken the science tripos and received a first class degree.  He came from a rectory and so his material wants were limited.  He was used to making do. At the end of his first year as a junior fellow he wanted to tell his father he was no longer a Christian.  Fred knew the country was not a place of peace.  The Rectory had been built in 1830.  Angels was the smallest college in Cambridge.  It was  built at the beginning of the 15th century.  Fairly had a fellowship.  St. Angelicus students had to find their own lodgings.  Fred Fairly had taken the science tripos and received a first class degree.  He came from a rectory and so his material wants were limited.  He was used to making do. At the end of his first year as a junior fellow he wanted to tell his father he was no longer a Christian.  Fred knew the country was not a place of peace.  The Rectory had been built in 1830.  Daisy Saunders wanted to know how the human body worked and applied for nursing training.  She was seventeen and her mother had died recently and she was free to live away from home.  Daisy, now known as Saunders, was a probationer during her first year.  She was told to keep her eye on James Elder, an attempted suicide via the Thames.  It was January 1912.  To all the patients, except for the dying, food was of paramount importance.  Elder refused to eat.  The constable had said he was a gentleman.  He asked Daisy if the incident had appeared in the press.  For arranging for a notice about Elder's conduct in the newpaper, Daisy was dismissed.  Daisy Saunders wanted to know how the human body worked and applied for nursing training.  She was seventeen and her mother had died recently and she was free to live away from home.  Daisy, now known as Saunders, was a probationer during her first year.  She was told to keep her eye on James Elder, an attempted suicide via the Thames.  It was January 1912.  To all the patients, except for the dying, food was of paramount importance.  Elder refused to eat.  The constable had said he was a gentleman.  He asked Daisy if the incident had appeared in the press.  For arranging for a notice about Elder's conduct in the newpaper, Daisy was dismissed.  Fred Fairly and Daisy were in an accident with bicycles.  A Good Samaritan thought they were married to each other and put them to bed together in the spare room to regain their health.  Fred was enchanted and afterwards he looked everywhere to locate Daisy.  The kindness of the Wrayburns, the Samaritans, gave Daisy a place to stay in Cambridge.  She would do work in the house in exchange for room and board.  She had traveled to Cambridge to find work in a private hospital.  Happily Daisy was employed at the mental hospital and Fred found her again at the Wrayburns'.  They went for a walk in the country.  Fred asked Daisy to marry him.  Mr. Wrayburn told Daisy that Fred could not be a junior fellow if he married.  Fred Fairly and Daisy were in an accident with bicycles.  A Good Samaritan thought they were married to each other and put them to bed together in the spare room to regain their health.  Fred was enchanted and afterwards he looked everywhere to locate Daisy.  The kindness of the Wrayburns, the Samaritans, gave Daisy a place to stay in Cambridge.  She would do work in the house in exchange for room and board.  She had traveled to Cambridge to find work in a private hospital.  Happily Daisy was employed at the mental hospital and Fred found her again at the Wrayburns'.  They went for a walk in the country.  Fred asked Daisy to marry him.  Mr. Wrayburn told Daisy that Fred could not be a junior fellow if he married.  In the trial, pertaining to the accident, the journalist, who had accompanied Daisy to Cambridge, was able to identify the man who drove the horse cart wildly causing the accident.  When the heart is broken, efficiency is impaired.  There was some suggestion in the testimony of the journalist that Daisy had been or would have been used, but for the happening of the accident.  Daisy had to leave the Wrayburns and Cambridge because of what was disclosed in court.  Leaving her lodgings, she was free at last to cry over the hurt she had caused Fred.  Daisy and Fred passed each other on her way to the train station.  We do not know what action, if any, resulted.  In the trial, pertaining to the accident, the journalist, who had accompanied Daisy to Cambridge, was able to identify the man who drove the horse cart wildly causing the accident.  When the heart is broken, efficiency is impaired.  There was some suggestion in the testimony of the journalist that Daisy had been or would have been used, but for the happening of the accident.  Daisy had to leave the Wrayburns and Cambridge because of what was disclosed in court.  Leaving her lodgings, she was free at last to cry over the hurt she had caused Fred.  Daisy and Fred passed each other on her way to the train station.  We do not know what action, if any, resulted.  Both of the young characters are portrayed as having beautiful consciences.  The writing is elegant.      
 I am a photographer and a writer and the author of numerous books on photography and I have had a copy of the Sierra Club Engagement Calendar on my desk every day for more than 20 years. I find this calendar to be an inspiration in terms of both its beautiful photography and its wonderful geographic diversity. I've never had a photo published in the Engagement book, but I've probably gathered more inspiration and ideas from these little calendars than from the hundreds of how-to books in my office. I am a photographer and a writer and the author of numerous books on photography and I have had a copy of the Sierra Club Engagement Calendar on my desk every day for more than 20 years. I find this calendar to be an inspiration in terms of both its beautiful photography and its wonderful geographic diversity. I've never had a photo published in the Engagement book, but I've probably gathered more inspiration and ideas from these little calendars than from the hundreds of how-to books in my office. The photos in these engagement calendars are the cream of the cream of the crop of the world's best nature photography. Master photographers like the late Galen Rowell, who had many dozens of photos published here, consider it one of their finest showcases--and who can blame them. Sierra Club has never relented on the quality of the reproduction of these superb datebooks and considering there are more than 50 photos in each book, the price is a bargain.  The photos in these engagement calendars are the cream of the cream of the crop of the world's best nature photography. Master photographers like the late Galen Rowell, who had many dozens of photos published here, consider it one of their finest showcases--and who can blame them. Sierra Club has never relented on the quality of the reproduction of these superb datebooks and considering there are more than 50 photos in each book, the price is a bargain.  I have used this calendar as a journal and a diary of my writing progress for, literally, decades. And whenever my brain starts to freeze after writing about photography for weeks on end and I need a new idea to write about, I simply flip through the calendars and I can discover hundreds of them in the work of many of the greatest modern nature-photography masters. Also, when I'm looking for travel ideas, places to go to shoot new pictures for my books, I also look here for inspiration and ideas. The Mojave Desert, Monument Valley, the Everglades, the Sonoran desert--these are all places that I learned about in great detail from these datebooks. You learn more about a place by seeing great photos of it than you ever will by reading about it--or so I feel. (Of course, you learn a great deal more if you hop on an plane and go see it!)I have used this calendar as a journal and a diary of my writing progress for, literally, decades. And whenever my brain starts to freeze after writing about photography for weeks on end and I need a new idea to write about, I simply flip through the calendars and I can discover hundreds of them in the work of many of the greatest modern nature-photography masters. Also, when I'm looking for travel ideas, places to go to shoot new pictures for my books, I also look here for inspiration and ideas. The Mojave Desert, Monument Valley, the Everglades, the Sonoran desert--these are all places that I learned about in great detail from these datebooks. You learn more about a place by seeing great photos of it than you ever will by reading about it--or so I feel. (Of course, you learn a great deal more if you hop on an plane and go see it!)Finally, I gave my mother the engangement calendar for Christmas every year for around 20 years and she used them as a daily journal. I still have every one of those journals and they are a great joy to flip through and see what she was up to each day. Finally, I gave my mother the engangement calendar for Christmas every year for around 20 years and she used them as a daily journal. I still have every one of those journals and they are a great joy to flip through and see what she was up to each day. Why this long winded (and very sincere!) endorsement for such a simple product? Because I owe these caldendars (and the Sierra Club) a debt of gratitude for inspiring me day after day, year after year, with the greatest photography in the world. If you have a young photographer in your life, inspire them, show them how spectacular photographs of the natural world can be. For an investment of under $15 you can change their perceptions of nature and help educate them about fine photography. Someone gave me my first copy of this calendar many years ago and I've been grateful ever since. Why this long winded (and very sincere!) endorsement for such a simple product? Because I owe these caldendars (and the Sierra Club) a debt of gratitude for inspiring me day after day, year after year, with the greatest photography in the world. If you have a young photographer in your life, inspire them, show them how spectacular photographs of the natural world can be. For an investment of under $15 you can change their perceptions of nature and help educate them about fine photography. Someone gave me my first copy of this calendar many years ago and I've been grateful ever since. Of course, I have to warn you, once you look at some of these photos you'll want to put your camera up on Ebay :)  But don't do it! Instead, use these photos as your photographic inspiration and your goal.   Of course, I have to warn you, once you look at some of these photos you'll want to put your camera up on Ebay :)  But don't do it! Instead, use these photos as your photographic inspiration and your goal.   Jeff WignallAuthor, The Joy of Digital Photography (Lark Books
 My son had visited several colleges, and was having a terrible time figuring out which ones he would "fit in" and get the best educational experience from. He ended up reading this book and visited a few of them that he liked the descriptions of. After applying to, and getting accepted at, four of the schools in this book (and two not in the book) he ended up at Denison University. He's in his second year, and just loves it. I've always felt a little "indebted" to this book, so I thought I'd leave this review
 Going into the business, I bought this book and found it very helpful. This one as well as "I'm Living Your Dream Life" by Michele Cozzens are well worth the money
 I originally bought this for my almost-2-year-old because I wanted him to have a new alphabet book with both upper and lower case letters shown (there are not many out there besides chicka chicka boom boom). Instead it has become a favorite of my three year old who already knows her letters. The reason: this book shows the letters and has beautiful illustrations of many items in one picture that begin with each letter. Some things are easy to find in the picture and others are more challenging. It is a beautiful book that provides "I spy" and "Where's Waldo" type challenges. I highly recommend this book for the 1-5 crowd
 A really great book by a great man.  I almost laughed out loud while on a train and am sure people thought I was crazy. The book made me wonder how can you lead such an interesting life and yet win a Nobel Prize in physics (I guess you can). Though the book does not follow a chronological order , I could feel the earlier part corresponds to the youthful times in his life (If he ever got old). Towards the later stages in the book I could also sense some cynicism in his words and he feels strongly about the lack of integrity, particularly in scientific research and life in general around him. A wonderful book that gives some insight into a brilliant mind and inspires to think while learning and not just memorize facts.
 As a recent grad of an org chem graduate program who had to suffer through the nearly 20 year old text "Mechanism and Theory in Organic Chemistry" by Lowry and Richardson, this book by Anslyn and Dougherty is a fabulous update that is easy to read and great asset to any chemistry student.  I agree with the other reviewers that the problem sets are challenging, the text is clearly written, and the material relates well back to current research issues. If you are a graduate student considering getting another reference to help you through your organic chemistry graduate program, get this book before you try "Advanced Organic Chemistry: Structure and Mechanisms" by Carey and Sundberg. I expect that "Modern Physcial Organic Chemistry" will become a staple to most chemist's shelves similar to that of a CRC Handbook or "Advanced Organic Chemistry" by March.
 Line by line, this book has some of the best writing I've seen in a while.  This is an amazing thing, since it's still very fast-moving and not at all overwritten.  The author just has an amazing eye for detail and a very crafty sense of humor.  The book surprised me constantly with its insights, and these characters were so real to me by the end that I missed them for a week.  I read Craig's first book, and it doesn't stand up to this at all.  It's exciting to see how much the writer has improved, and I can't wait for the next one
 Alistair MacLean combines psychology, action, history, sociology, and intrigue into a wonderful spy story. The hero potrtays a tried and true James Bond without the condescending attitude. There's none better
 I've read, and re-read the book, although not it's full content, but randomly I open it and find a surprise each time. I just love it
 I've gotten through about 1/3 of the book and I'm highly amused.  The first 50 pages are muddled and rather pointless so far.  However, I've laughed my way through them.  One thing Eco has is a very sophisticated sense of humor.  If you enjoy a mental challenge and writing that's loaded with wit, I'd suggest picking up this book.  I never knew there were four kinds of people before: morons, fools, lunatics and cretins.  And I may just be a fool.  :)
 This entry in the Fang Mulheisen series came as a surprise. It was closer to something by Elmore Leonard or even Carl Hiaassen. Great, engaging  characters, funny dialogue and an excellent plot
 If you have been freezer cooking for awhile or are completely new to it you will enjoy this book because it has a different spin on freezer cooking than the classics. I started with Once-a-Month-cooking and at the time it seemed revolutionary, but, though I loved it was a hard days work. Then came Jill Bond and she was really talking bulk cooking! When Deborah's first book came out I was excited because it fit in with my low-on-cash, short-on-time lifestyle. If you have been freezer cooking for awhile or are completely new to it you will enjoy this book because it has a different spin on freezer cooking than the classics. I started with Once-a-Month-cooking and at the time it seemed revolutionary, but, though I loved it was a hard days work. Then came Jill Bond and she was really talking bulk cooking! When Deborah's first book came out I was excited because it fit in with my low-on-cash, short-on-time lifestyle. This book is terrific because it provides a healthy alternative that is still pretty inexpensive. The meals are more than casserole and there are lots of options that are more appealing for the warmer weather when you don't want to heat up the kitchen.This book is terrific because it provides a healthy alternative that is still pretty inexpensive. The meals are more than casserole and there are lots of options that are more appealing for the warmer weather when you don't want to heat up the kitchen.My favorites are the Cheese and Chicken Shells (not for everyone however) Chicken Enchiladas (taste great made with homemade whole-wheat tortilla, if you do that), Crab rice Chowder (gourmet), Bean Casserole and everyone LOVES Spaghetti Pie. There are lots of good recipes in this book. My favorites are the Cheese and Chicken Shells (not for everyone however) Chicken Enchiladas (taste great made with homemade whole-wheat tortilla, if you do that), Crab rice Chowder (gourmet), Bean Casserole and everyone LOVES Spaghetti Pie. There are lots of good recipes in this book. The drawbacks of this book is that after a few initial sessions I felt that I was more likely to choose some favorites than to use her already laid out sessions...that is okay, but, not as easy as using the shopping lists and plans. Worth trying if you are serious about Freezer Cooking, but I would start with Frozen Assest first
 I had eyed this book for quite some time before I purchased it, and I am so glad I did!  The pictures of the drinks are so tempting and beautifully done that you are warmed up just by flipping through the book!  Most of the recipes in this book are alcohol based, so don't pick this book up looking for lots of kid-friendly drinks (though there are definitely some that kids would enjoy, such as a s'mores hot chocolate).  The recipes are all simple and there is a nice section on creating garnishes.  Order this book and get ready to sit back and enjoy some tasty, piping hot drinks
 This is an excellent book on the role of the state after a revolution, how it will wither away, and what a society should look like ( or try to mould itself into ) after the revolution.  Lenin, drawing on the works of Marx  and Engels extensively, refutes many claims by both the Anarchists and  opportunists on the role of the state, and corrects many common errors  believed about the Marxist road to Socialism.  This is a thoroughly  informative read.  I recommend those wondering how a Communist society  would emerge after a revolution to get this book;  It will open your eyes  widely
 This book is a great thing to have for anyone involved in the world of theatre.  It does the hard work of picking out a crucial 16-bar piece of a song for you!  Great for auditions.  The book has selections from musicals (old and new, familiar and rare), as well as movies (even some Disney!).  There's one for every vocal part.  Granted, not every piece is exactly 16 bars.  Some go a bit over, but this is usually excusable due to proper phrasing.  It's well worth looking into for those who are just starting out.  It's also a way of introducing yourself to a variety of musicals
 The Big Sky is not just a masterpiece, it's probably THE masterpiece of the genre of western frontier fiction.  This is unusual because it deals with a moment in time that isn't really dealt with that much - the Rocky Mountain fur trade during its golden age of about 1820 - 1850.  The cowboy era has been responsible for most of western film and literature, partly because the images and events that happen in that world are recognizable to us: the economic and social issues you always see dealt with in "cowboy" movies mirror our own experiences in many ways.  The cowboy has also been said to be an image of freedom to Americans, when actually nothing was further from the truth.  Cowboys were regular working stiffs, about as romantic as carpenters or plumbers in their own day.  They didn't consider themselves "free", nor would they have spent much time thinking about it during their brutal 14 hour work day.  They did what they did because they loved horses and riding and cattle and it was good honest work that paid a living wage, and there was a bit of swagger to it - people in town recognized cow hands for the tough-as-leather men they were, especially with their characteristic boots and hats and general flair for the dramatic that many had.  But it was backbreaking work, and the entire cowboy heydey lasted less than 30 years.The Big Sky is not just a masterpiece, it's probably THE masterpiece of the genre of western frontier fiction.  This is unusual because it deals with a moment in time that isn't really dealt with that much - the Rocky Mountain fur trade during its golden age of about 1820 - 1850.  The cowboy era has been responsible for most of western film and literature, partly because the images and events that happen in that world are recognizable to us: the economic and social issues you always see dealt with in "cowboy" movies mirror our own experiences in many ways.  The cowboy has also been said to be an image of freedom to Americans, when actually nothing was further from the truth.  Cowboys were regular working stiffs, about as romantic as carpenters or plumbers in their own day.  They didn't consider themselves "free", nor would they have spent much time thinking about it during their brutal 14 hour work day.  They did what they did because they loved horses and riding and cattle and it was good honest work that paid a living wage, and there was a bit of swagger to it - people in town recognized cow hands for the tough-as-leather men they were, especially with their characteristic boots and hats and general flair for the dramatic that many had.  But it was backbreaking work, and the entire cowboy heydey lasted less than 30 years.I said all that to say that "The Big Sky" really is about freedom, and really is about the West.  It's about the true, wild, primitive west, before the plow, before roads, when there were still huge, intact Indian cultures in place with armies of horsemen and enormous herds of buffalo.  So it's interesting to me that this genre is largely ignored, but I can see why - there are no set-piece plots just begging to be turned into movies - no "new sherriff in town" characters, because there are no sherriffs, and no towns other than a few trading posts.  There is only the land and the sky and the interaction between a few incredibly brave white men and all those Indians.I said all that to say that "The Big Sky" really is about freedom, and really is about the West.  It's about the true, wild, primitive west, before the plow, before roads, when there were still huge, intact Indian cultures in place with armies of horsemen and enormous herds of buffalo.  So it's interesting to me that this genre is largely ignored, but I can see why - there are no set-piece plots just begging to be turned into movies - no "new sherriff in town" characters, because there are no sherriffs, and no towns other than a few trading posts.  There is only the land and the sky and the interaction between a few incredibly brave white men and all those Indians.If you don't already know, this is the story of Boone Caudill and his friend Jim Deakins, and several important side characters, but it's basically Boone's book.  He's driven west by an aching need for wildness and freedom, and is pushed out by a brutal father.  He makes his way west to St. Louis, along the way befriending Deakins, in hopes of meeting his uncle Zeb who had become a trapper years earlier.  The rest of the tail is complex and interlaced, and not a simplistic good guy/bad guy plot at all, and what stands out is the crystalline depictions of the people and places and over all, arching like the sky itself, is freedom.  Freedom to roam at will in that beautiful country is the main character of this book.  Freedom is the religion, the politics, the philosophy, the recreation - it is everything that is important.  The trappers are there to trap - sure - but they're really there because this is a wild, free place, where they will not be hampered by rules, where they can be natural men.  It sounds over romanticized, but it really did happen that way, and from what we know, that is truly the way they felt about their lives and why they endured the agonies of that existence.  Despairing that new settlers are moving west and building farms and towns, Boone cries "Lord, Jim - remember the Tetons standing proud in the sun, and the Seeds Ke Dee...don't you remember her when she was all purty and new and not a man track on her save Injun?"  This novel makes you sob like few I've ever read.  The sense of loss, the closing of an age of the world, hangs in the air like mist.  They are going to be the last to see something so precious, and for their pains they get to watch their world wither and die under the press of settlement.If you don't already know, this is the story of Boone Caudill and his friend Jim Deakins, and several important side characters, but it's basically Boone's book.  He's driven west by an aching need for wildness and freedom, and is pushed out by a brutal father.  He makes his way west to St. Louis, along the way befriending Deakins, in hopes of meeting his uncle Zeb who had become a trapper years earlier.  The rest of the tail is complex and interlaced, and not a simplistic good guy/bad guy plot at all, and what stands out is the crystalline depictions of the people and places and over all, arching like the sky itself, is freedom.  Freedom to roam at will in that beautiful country is the main character of this book.  Freedom is the religion, the politics, the philosophy, the recreation - it is everything that is important.  The trappers are there to trap - sure - but they're really there because this is a wild, free place, where they will not be hampered by rules, where they can be natural men.  It sounds over romanticized, but it really did happen that way, and from what we know, that is truly the way they felt about their lives and why they endured the agonies of that existence.  Despairing that new settlers are moving west and building farms and towns, Boone cries "Lord, Jim - remember the Tetons standing proud in the sun, and the Seeds Ke Dee...don't you remember her when she was all purty and new and not a man track on her save Injun?"  This novel makes you sob like few I've ever read.  The sense of loss, the closing of an age of the world, hangs in the air like mist.  They are going to be the last to see something so precious, and for their pains they get to watch their world wither and die under the press of settlement.The movie "The Mountain Men" with Charleton Heston comes close to capturing a tiny bit of this book, and you can tell it's inspired in many ways by it, but no other book or film has ever come close to truly painting the world of the mountain man as has this novel.  "Jeremiah Johnson" is another good film, with many fine touches.  But if you want to follow the water up stream, back to its source in the mountains, then please, before you grow too old, read "The Big Sky" and open your heart to that time and place and the wild, brazen beauty of the America few Americans know ever existed
 This is a great compliment to the more project-based MAKE magazine, as it focuses a little more on the personalities of the "makers." Of course, it also describes (and shows, in beautiful photographs), their projects, but it's a great way to see into the personal side of the amateur engineers, bored brainiacs, and fringe-worthy souls who are the heart of the newest form of the DIY geek culture: creating incredible, real-world projects, from the mega (a home built submarine for 3) to the micro, (a diy bat detector), to the whimsical (a Lego blocks project that will solve the Rubik's Cube).This is a great compliment to the more project-based MAKE magazine, as it focuses a little more on the personalities of the "makers." Of course, it also describes (and shows, in beautiful photographs), their projects, but it's a great way to see into the personal side of the amateur engineers, bored brainiacs, and fringe-worthy souls who are the heart of the newest form of the DIY geek culture: creating incredible, real-world projects, from the mega (a home built submarine for 3) to the micro, (a diy bat detector), to the whimsical (a Lego blocks project that will solve the Rubik's Cube).If you're a vociferous reader of Slashdot, you may have seen some of these projects before, but the book really gets into the motivation behind them. If you're a vociferous reader of Slashdot, you may have seen some of these projects before, but the book really gets into the motivation behind them. Production values, writing, and design are superb, and of course, URLs are provided so you can find out more on the makers' sites.Production values, writing, and design are superb, and of course, URLs are provided so you can find out more on the makers' sites.Bottom line, this fascinating survery of Make culture (and cool projects) is a must for every geek's coffee table, and it's also a great way to introduce your mom into what it is you actually do with your spare time..
 A wild and crazy ride on a submarine stuck in the Arctic ice. This book is full of crazy characters! Both two legged and four legged.  A must read for anyone looking adventure in the high Arctic
 This one I read before I started leaving my reviews on Amazon. It's a wonderful story. You'll love the characters. Absolutely a 5 star read
 My comments are not on the CEV translation, but rather on this particular edition.  Among all low cost editions of the whole Bible (Protestant canon), this one is outstanding in three respects:1)  it has the most extensive annotations (footnotes, introductions and outlines for each book of the Bible, and study helps) of any.  They are not as extensive as many full-fledged study Bibles, of course, but it is a fraction of the price.2)  these annotations appear to have been designed to be solely descriptive, not reflecting any particular theological or scholarly bias.  Thus, this edition can be used by persons with quite a wide range of theological orientations. 3)  it has the largest print size.  (Many low cost editions have rather small print.)
 If you have ever needed to change a part on your bike, upgrade to something better, change out your drivetrain, tune your derailleur's, or  even true a wheel... this is the book for you!  With awesome in depth  pictures, and step by step technical procedures for doing just about  anything to the bike that you so dearly love.  John Barnett's experience  with bike repairs far surpasses that of the guy that you normally bring it  into for those expensive repairs, so spend the money for the book, and save  money in the future while at the same time learning from one of the top  professionals in his business!  Do it, it's an awesome book
 A narrow book for a wide-range art specialists. Needs to be supplemented with other Amazon 4-5 books concerning the problem of forgery
 I enjoyed every chapter and I especially appreciated the author's hand drawn illustrations. I also learned a lot about how forests develop and the importance of biological diversity. I think that I will now see a lot more when I walk in forest. Like the other reviewer, I feel inspired to acquire some acres of logged out land up North and let the forest grow
 I thought this was an excellent book.  Those who say this won't turn you into a champion overnight, I've got news for you - NO book can do that.  Only you can...I've raced (retired now) for most of my adult life including some pro races, some of my crew have gone onto Champ cars, NASCAR, and F1, I was lucky enough to be associated with a team that won the Champ car title and my engineer was from that team.  This book gives excellent information and if you can read between the lines you will learn quite a bit that can help you in your racing career.  Those who can't learn anything from this book are advanced enough they don't need to buy any books, but most of us don't have last names like Andretti, Senna, Unser, etc.  If any of you have ever read Senna's book on driving you might also say it's nothing special but you need to read between the lines and figure out what he is alluding to, not what he writes directly about.  Few people will directly give you the "secrets" to motorsports
 Peter Watson, holding a number of research degrees, offers a comprehensive intellectual history of the 20th century in this book.  Not being an easy read, it takes some time to get through.  Peter Watson, holding a number of research degrees, offers a comprehensive intellectual history of the 20th century in this book.  Not being an easy read, it takes some time to get through.  The main strengths of this book are placing the intellectual development of the 20th century in its economic and social context.  This is quite an achievement, considering the remarkable scientific and technological advances and the fragmentation of human knowledge into many small and specialised areas in very arcane topics.The main strengths of this book are placing the intellectual development of the 20th century in its economic and social context.  This is quite an achievement, considering the remarkable scientific and technological advances and the fragmentation of human knowledge into many small and specialised areas in very arcane topics.Watson tends to cover science the best, and provides excellent accounts of the development and progress of 20th century science, including the theories of relativity, quantum mechanics, scientific cosmology, evolutionary biology and the discovery of the gene.  However, the book falls down in some parts where it covers philosophy.  Watson dismisses Husserl's Phenomenology as 'abstract' and of little importance, when in fact Phenomenology was probably the most important philosophical school in the 20th century along with analytical philosophy, founded by Russell and Wittgeinstein, and attracted so many leading European minds to philosophy in a time when science was at its zenith of glory.  Watson tends to cover science the best, and provides excellent accounts of the development and progress of 20th century science, including the theories of relativity, quantum mechanics, scientific cosmology, evolutionary biology and the discovery of the gene.  However, the book falls down in some parts where it covers philosophy.  Watson dismisses Husserl's Phenomenology as 'abstract' and of little importance, when in fact Phenomenology was probably the most important philosophical school in the 20th century along with analytical philosophy, founded by Russell and Wittgeinstein, and attracted so many leading European minds to philosophy in a time when science was at its zenith of glory.  Overall though, Watson's work is a very important attempt to see where we are in what we know, and where we are going. 
 I read this book in less than one week. Normally I spend and average time of a month in finishing a book, but this was one of the &quot;rare&quot; cases that the reading last until 2 am. Marcus travels to a wild land,  Germania Libera in order to send a gift of the emperor and ends with his  life in hands of a German sorceress. The full novel is filled with action  and historical references, it's worth the money!
 I absolutely loved this book!  I could relate to each of the four women at different times in their lives.  It reminded me to take all things to HIM in prayer at ALL times
 It was a gift for my nephew and it delivered. He just couldn't put it down before he recognized all the characters
 Having worked with VBScript for a little over four years I am by no means an expert; however, I feel that my experience does give me somewhat of an advanced applied knowledge of scripting. I was pretty skeptical when I saw the word "Advanced" in the title, but this book laid all my concerns to rest in the early chapters.Having worked with VBScript for a little over four years I am by no means an expert; however, I feel that my experience does give me somewhat of an advanced applied knowledge of scripting. I was pretty skeptical when I saw the word "Advanced" in the title, but this book laid all my concerns to rest in the early chapters.The book begins with securing (including digital certs and policies) and encoding scripts as well as listing some nice techniques for implementing alternate credentials in WMI and ADSI. For me personally, the real meat and potatoes of the book was the copious information pertaining to working with WSF and WSC files. Don and Jeffrey take the time to detail the reasons behind XML functionality as well as it's application within the scripted files. These guys clear up a lot of questions on these two subjects and how to package your scripts using these technologies. They wrap up the package peice with explanations around HTA's and form controls in HTML scripts.The book begins with securing (including digital certs and policies) and encoding scripts as well as listing some nice techniques for implementing alternate credentials in WMI and ADSI. For me personally, the real meat and potatoes of the book was the copious information pertaining to working with WSF and WSC files. Don and Jeffrey take the time to detail the reasons behind XML functionality as well as it's application within the scripted files. These guys clear up a lot of questions on these two subjects and how to package your scripts using these technologies. They wrap up the package peice with explanations around HTA's and form controls in HTML scripts.The book moves on to cover topics such as ADSI and ADO scripting, working with WshController and remote scripts, WMI and WQL classes and techniques, and different applicable real world examples. All this information is then wrapped up with tidbits of using scripting editors to debug, sign, and package your scripts as well the wizards (WMI, ADSI, WSF, etc) and other tools available to make scripting easier.The book moves on to cover topics such as ADSI and ADO scripting, working with WshController and remote scripts, WMI and WQL classes and techniques, and different applicable real world examples. All this information is then wrapped up with tidbits of using scripting editors to debug, sign, and package your scripts as well the wizards (WMI, ADSI, WSF, etc) and other tools available to make scripting easier.I've obtained quite a few VBScript books over the years and this one is by far the only one dedicated to truly advanced VBScripting. If you are new to scripting with VBScript, you might want to start with another book geared to learning the methods, properties, classes, etc of the syntax and the technologies it can use. While this book does offer great explanations on advanced topics, you really need to have a solid background in scripting before you read it.I've obtained quite a few VBScript books over the years and this one is by far the only one dedicated to truly advanced VBScripting. If you are new to scripting with VBScript, you might want to start with another book geared to learning the methods, properties, classes, etc of the syntax and the technologies it can use. While this book does offer great explanations on advanced topics, you really need to have a solid background in scripting before you read it.Thumbs up! Highly recommended bang for the buck
 Rather than reading a biography of Red Auerbach, Wilt Chamberlain and Bill Russell, turn to this period book! Here you get everything: a complete portrayal of the situation of African American who were just starting to segregate professional sports outside of the Brooklyn Dodgers. But at the same time it is an introduction to a time, when athletes were not the superstars of today.On top of that, you get enough biographcal information on Russell and Chamberlain, but also on Cousy, Auerbach and many others. The book is very well written and starts right with information, no tedious introduction to plough through
 I got this book for my fiance on the recommendation of my Rabbi.  She loves it. 
 As a Visual Arts student coming to terms with the whole conceptual ideology in contemporary art, I found this book an excellent choice for delving into the theoretical side of contemporary photgraphy. This book is definitely not bedtime reading.  Trust me, I tried it and kept myself awake! There is also an excellent reference to archives, journals and other books to peruse.  I found the book easy to understand and has helped me immensely in my quest to understand what constitutes Visual Art in current times. An excellent choice for all those contemplating a Visual Arts career using photographic image
 If you are into Cooking than this is the Book you must have.If you are into Cooking than this is the Book you must have.This is not another recipe book but a complete culinary referance for both novice cook and expert
 _The New Taste of Chocolate_ has the beautiful pictures of a coffee table book, but it has a lot of academic substance and a lot of value to the reader.  _The New Taste of Chocolate_ has the beautiful pictures of a coffee table book, but it has a lot of academic substance and a lot of value to the reader.  The main chapters are:  - Growing Up with Cacao - A Natural and Cultural History of Chocolate - From Cacao to Chocolate - Identifying Cacao - Tasting Chocolate - Recipes - RecipesThere is also a glossary, and a list of companies to order fine chocolate from.  There is also a glossary, and a list of companies to order fine chocolate from.  For a beginner like myself, who loved chocolate but hadn't progressed much beyond Hershey's with Almonds when I read the book, _The New Taste of Chocolate_ was very educational.  It explained the path from cacao bean to chocolate bar, and it also explained the difference between dark chocolate, milk chocolate and white chocolate.  It explained how cocoa powder comes from chocolate, why chocolate is so difficult to make candy with if you don't know what you're doing, and why fancier recipes will sometimes specify chocolate manufacturer and cacao percentage.  For a beginner like myself, who loved chocolate but hadn't progressed much beyond Hershey's with Almonds when I read the book, _The New Taste of Chocolate_ was very educational.  It explained the path from cacao bean to chocolate bar, and it also explained the difference between dark chocolate, milk chocolate and white chocolate.  It explained how cocoa powder comes from chocolate, why chocolate is so difficult to make candy with if you don't know what you're doing, and why fancier recipes will sometimes specify chocolate manufacturer and cacao percentage.  It was also quite interesting to read about the guidelines for tasting chocolate.  The discussion about criollo, forastero, and trinitario cacao plants was very fascinating from a scientific standpoint.  I later found that what is true for cacao trees is true for many other types of plants (including wheat): the plants that make the tastiest & highest quality edible parts are also the least productive and most delicate, so growers & breeders have to choose whether to grow something that will almost certainly produce a less-desired but still profitable crop, or to grow something that has an uncertain yield but is highly profitable should the plant actually produce anything. It was also quite interesting to read about the guidelines for tasting chocolate.  The discussion about criollo, forastero, and trinitario cacao plants was very fascinating from a scientific standpoint.  I later found that what is true for cacao trees is true for many other types of plants (including wheat): the plants that make the tastiest & highest quality edible parts are also the least productive and most delicate, so growers & breeders have to choose whether to grow something that will almost certainly produce a less-desired but still profitable crop, or to grow something that has an uncertain yield but is highly profitable should the plant actually produce anything. The recipes were also interesting.  After reading this book, I became more adventurous in my chocolate-tasting and started trying some of the European imports I see in the local grocery stores.  My only regret is I am now knowledgeable enough and my tastes are spoiled enough that M&Ms and Hersheys with Almonds seem pretty bland
 This book has a photo of each dessert so you can see what you're making and easy recipes that look impressive, all using a cake mix box of some kind.  Their Snickerdoodle Cake uses a white cake mix, some other ingredients, and includes a Cinnamon Buttercream frosting recipe.  Yum!   I love the variety of recipes (bundts, bars, round, layered, etc.) and my kids and I can do many together.  I think the packaged cake mixes from the store have a nice taste, so these recipes just build on those mixes.  I just want easy recipes that aren't intimidating, and this book is the solution for that.   I highly reccommend The Cake Mix Doctor. 
 This was a childhood favorite of mine which I frequently read in the Library of the Troy Jewish Community Center 87 First Street. I can remember sitting there and reading about such questionable greats as Harry Danning, Sid Gordon and Moe Berg. Of course there were undoubted greats like Hank Greenberg and Sid Luckman. And there was in boxing too Barney Ross and Benny Leonard. Perhaps there are more up- to- date books about Jews in sports but I doubt there are any which tell a story as well, and give the young person such a warm feeling about the Jewish contribution to what seemed at that time of life, the most important form of human activity.
 This is an easy to use instructional manual with practical assignments to help you retain the information given. Highly recommended
 We love this book - Mom and Two Year old included!  Gerald the giraffe finds music that he loves and is able to dance like never before.  Fun text, colorful illustrations.  This is a book we have read over and over in our house.  Has a great message about finding the music that works for you.  I love it so much I bought a copy for our niece! 
 If one approaches this book with a view to learning Music Theory, one would be slightly disappointed.  The author brushes right through the fundamentals but that is to be expected from an outline book of this type.   All in all, I think this book will come in useful after I've learned Music  and need to review theory from time to time.  Great book though
 I'm a fan of Bill Myers work and have been since "Blood of Heaven". This one slipped by me somehow and when I saw it I immediately got it. While the plot is somewhat tight for the most part, I do have some problems with parts of it. For one thing, the thought of a terrorist who will kill someone very close to him (read the book to find out) shouldn't have any qualms about killing millions of others. So why is he so intent on the stones? But the most annoying part of the book is the fact that people call each other by their names so much that it gets old. The minute anything happens, they're all screaming each other's names in the midst of the chaos until you finally just want them to shut up and get on with it. For the first-time emergency, we can live with it...but when something happens every few chapters, you've got to have a break! "Daniel!" "Tyler!" "Helen!" "Tyler!" "Daniel!" "Dad!" "Helen!" "Tyler!" Give me a break! Otherwise, a good story...though not up to the same level as "Threshold" or "Blood of Heaven" (definitely better than "Eli" though). Recommended
 The quality of this presentation is far above what  one normally sees in &quot;game&quot; cookbooks.  Lots of color pictures; all recipes tried so far are keepers.  BTW: elk substitutes straight across in  most of the recipes so its like two books in one
 If you want great  mathematical puzzles, you buy a Terry Stickels puzzle book.  If you want to read about the universe from the world's best amateur mathematician and physicist, you read Martin Gardner.  If you want a  professional's point of view of all the above, you read anything by Ian  Stewart.  This is simply a must read for all clear thinking people
 This book gives very good advice about managing behavior problems in difficult children. However, the concept of a "strong-willed child" is confusing because it implies a child with will power or self control. These difficult children actually have poor will power and self control. The techniques given in this book will help teach such children self control.This book gives very good advice about managing behavior problems in difficult children. However, the concept of a "strong-willed child" is confusing because it implies a child with will power or self control. These difficult children actually have poor will power and self control. The techniques given in this book will help teach such children self control.It is important to understand that the cause of the strong-willed child is an excessive drive for power over others. The strong willed child wants to be Captain and he wants everyone else including his parents to be a deck hand.  Parenting this type of child correctly, will help him learn to better control himself and respect others. However, he will likely never be the compliant child that some parents are hoping for.  [...
 I'm not the expert fencer I long to be (yet), but I do have an ever-growing collection of swords, mostly gifts from grateful Spanish patrons, but I've also been able to purchase and acquire blades from several countries. The pride of my collection is a fairly well-preserved Roman sword from the reign of Trajan. I'm not the expert fencer I long to be (yet), but I do have an ever-growing collection of swords, mostly gifts from grateful Spanish patrons, but I've also been able to purchase and acquire blades from several countries. The pride of my collection is a fairly well-preserved Roman sword from the reign of Trajan. Burton was, as we all know, something of a dabbler. In this book, he offers us not only straight history of the sword, but also countless fascinating bits of sword lore. I quite frankly can't imagine any sword lover being without this book. Burton was, as we all know, something of a dabbler. In this book, he offers us not only straight history of the sword, but also countless fascinating bits of sword lore. I quite frankly can't imagine any sword lover being without this book. I am looking for a first edition, but for now, this reprint is a valued part of my library
 Joe Pickett's daily life is not as enjoyable as it once was.  His wife now has a successful business and brings home a lot more money than he does, and there's still the temptations both of them thought about while Joe was away at Jackson hanging over their marriage.  His relationship with his fast growing up daughter Sheridan is not what it once was and his new boss is doing everything he can to make Joe's life a misery.  Throw in a civil war between Saddlestring's largest family and the appearance of, after along term behind bars bloodthirsty J. W. Keeley, who will not stop at anything until he has avenged his daughter's (Joe's stepdaughter's) death through the slow and torturous murder of Joe Pickett, and one way or another the era of Saddlestring's game warden is set to end.  Joe Pickett's daily life is not as enjoyable as it once was.  His wife now has a successful business and brings home a lot more money than he does, and there's still the temptations both of them thought about while Joe was away at Jackson hanging over their marriage.  His relationship with his fast growing up daughter Sheridan is not what it once was and his new boss is doing everything he can to make Joe's life a misery.  Throw in a civil war between Saddlestring's largest family and the appearance of, after along term behind bars bloodthirsty J. W. Keeley, who will not stop at anything until he has avenged his daughter's (Joe's stepdaughter's) death through the slow and torturous murder of Joe Pickett, and one way or another the era of Saddlestring's game warden is set to end.  C.J. Box's Joe Pickett adventures seem to very in style with each novel.  The initial Open Season was a surreal not quite but almost Carl Hiaasen type novel, then Savage Run turned the series into a more traditional thriller type of adventure.  Trophy Hunt introduced a very far fetched paranormal element into the series and as many, I was glad when Out of Range returned this series to the traditional believable realistic type thriller, a style which continues with In Plain Sight.  C.J. Box's Joe Pickett adventures seem to very in style with each novel.  The initial Open Season was a surreal not quite but almost Carl Hiaasen type novel, then Savage Run turned the series into a more traditional thriller type of adventure.  Trophy Hunt introduced a very far fetched paranormal element into the series and as many, I was glad when Out of Range returned this series to the traditional believable realistic type thriller, a style which continues with In Plain Sight.  I would strongly suggest reading these books in order, starting with Open Season as parts of previous novels are given away in subsequent ones and In Plain Sight is certainly no exception to that.  It will be interesting to see if C.J. Box continues with the characters of this series in some form or another or if his next book will be a totally different kind of adventure.    
   In Plain Sight offers an exceedingly thin plot and thin characters, but it is still an enjoyable read owin entirely to author C. J. Box's prowess at telling a story.  In Plain Sight offers an exceedingly thin plot and thin characters, but it is still an enjoyable read owin entirely to author C. J. Box's prowess at telling a story.  Saddlestring, Wyoming is enjoying the dawning of spring and, unsuprisingly for a police procedural, a possible murder.  Saddlestring, Wyoming is enjoying the dawning of spring and, unsuprisingly for a police procedural, a possible murder.  Opal Scarlett, the grand and really mean old lady of Thunderhead Ranches, has disappeared and perhaps has been the victim of foul play. Tom Wayman, an alcoholic fishing guide, is brought in as a suspect. Opal, in violation of the law, charged Wayman and other boaters a fee for navigating the river that runs  through her land. She strung up razor wire across the river and the lazy sheriff thinks a drunken Wayman killed her when he tossed her into the river. Frankly, there's not a lot of excitement here.  Opal Scarlett, the grand and really mean old lady of Thunderhead Ranches, has disappeared and perhaps has been the victim of foul play. Tom Wayman, an alcoholic fishing guide, is brought in as a suspect. Opal, in violation of the law, charged Wayman and other boaters a fee for navigating the river that runs  through her land. She strung up razor wire across the river and the lazy sheriff thinks a drunken Wayman killed her when he tossed her into the river. Frankly, there's not a lot of excitement here.  Joe Pickett, Wyoming Game Warden, is dealing with a problematic new boss and his 14 year old daughter, Sheridan. Sheridan just happens to be the best friend of Jule Scarlett, daughter of Hank Scarlett, one of two brothers who might be heir to the big ranch. Of course, they can't find a will and the two brothers are smashing each other with shovels when Joe arrives to drop off Julie. Julie, it turns out, doesn't live with her father Hank. No, she lives with Opal's eldest son, Arlen, on his "side" of the ranch. There's a third brother, Wyatt, who is a bit on the weird side. The very weird side.  Joe Pickett, Wyoming Game Warden, is dealing with a problematic new boss and his 14 year old daughter, Sheridan. Sheridan just happens to be the best friend of Jule Scarlett, daughter of Hank Scarlett, one of two brothers who might be heir to the big ranch. Of course, they can't find a will and the two brothers are smashing each other with shovels when Joe arrives to drop off Julie. Julie, it turns out, doesn't live with her father Hank. No, she lives with Opal's eldest son, Arlen, on his "side" of the ranch. There's a third brother, Wyatt, who is a bit on the weird side. The very weird side.  Enter J. W. Keely, a good old boy, who is on the run from Mississippi where he has murdered a couple. On his way to Wyoming to settle a personal vendetta against Joe Pickett, Keely murders a prisoner and then guns down a cowboy who did nothing more than get Keely angry. Again, not much here. Keely is not a convincing bad guy; more like a typed out description of a "bad" guy.  Enter J. W. Keely, a good old boy, who is on the run from Mississippi where he has murdered a couple. On his way to Wyoming to settle a personal vendetta against Joe Pickett, Keely murders a prisoner and then guns down a cowboy who did nothing more than get Keely angry. Again, not much here. Keely is not a convincing bad guy; more like a typed out description of a "bad" guy.  Under the name of Bill Monroe (which author Box reminds us several times is also the name of a famous country and western musician) goes to work for both of the Arlen brothers.  Under the name of Bill Monroe (which author Box reminds us several times is also the name of a famous country and western musician) goes to work for both of the Arlen brothers.  Golly gee: several nasty things happen at the Pickett household. Oh my, the FBI keeps inquiring into the whereabouts of  Nate Romanski (or something close to that spelling) who apparently figured largely in a previous novel. All this produces tension in the Pickett household, high job stress, arguments with best friends. Yawn. Just not a lot of excitement here either.  Golly gee: several nasty things happen at the Pickett household. Oh my, the FBI keeps inquiring into the whereabouts of  Nate Romanski (or something close to that spelling) who apparently figured largely in a previous novel. All this produces tension in the Pickett household, high job stress, arguments with best friends. Yawn. Just not a lot of excitement here either.  Finally comes the climax. Rain. Thunder. Floods. Pickett's daughers kidnapped! The truth comes out! Box tries for a surprise ending, but it's kind of like a wet firecracker.  Finally comes the climax. Rain. Thunder. Floods. Pickett's daughers kidnapped! The truth comes out! Box tries for a surprise ending, but it's kind of like a wet firecracker.  All that said, "In Plain Sight" is still an enjoyable, if not particularly suspenseful, read. He has a strong writing style and does a nice job of weaving in a feel for Wyoming's people that is, in my opinion, stronger than the underlying story. This is the sixth of the Joe Pickett novels. I won't be going out of my way to read the older ones, but I will keep an eye out for anything new by Box. He's definitely a comer even if he hasn't arrived.  All that said, "In Plain Sight" is still an enjoyable, if not particularly suspenseful, read. He has a strong writing style and does a nice job of weaving in a feel for Wyoming's people that is, in my opinion, stronger than the underlying story. This is the sixth of the Joe Pickett novels. I won't be going out of my way to read the older ones, but I will keep an eye out for anything new by Box. He's definitely a comer even if he hasn't arrived.Jerr
 This book is comprehensive and easy to follow.  Every recipe I have tried has worked.  The pecan pie recipe is especially good, and very easy for novice bakers.  If you could have only one dessert book on your shelf, this would be it
 Growing one's herbs is satisfying but using them completes the cycle. If you've ever wondered what to do with all the herbs you've managed to put in your garden over the years this book can help you. If you are just starting out with herbs this book can get you going properly. Not only does it have recipes but it has some ideas that I never could have imagined let alone used. The bulk of the book is dedicated to the herbal index which is extremely helpful. Each illustrated herb is broken down and expalined simply as to it's use, from root to leaves. The only problem I found with this section is that it is organized by their botanical names, which unless you're so inclined is difficult to find quickly. This is a minor problem that is remedied by the oversized common name, which of course is not alphabetized but more recognizable. A page is dedicated to over 100 of the most common herbs used. It tells you how to cultivate the individual herb and it's uses, which includes the medicinal use. Even if I don't use all the herbs or have them growing in my garden it is fascinating to know the historical and contemporary use of herbs. This book is a constant learning experience that can be read over and over. A perfect garden companion for that break under a tree. The knowledge can prove to be invaluable. Even such common herbs as Thyme can present posssibly new insights into it's benefits. Have trouble sleeping? The leaves of Thyme can help insomnia as well as stimulate the production of white corpusules to resist infection amongst it's many other attributes. There is much more information than I need here but there is something for everyone, from herbal dyes, to baths and massages and to the ever popular potpourri. This is, as the title suggests, the complete book on herbs. A great book for the kichen or to help you plan your herb garden, this book has as many uses as the author presents uses for the herbs
 Histoire et Collections has done it again.A fine work of the quality which the collector and researcher has come to expect from this publisher.I have previous works on the British Tommy in NW Europe and Canadian soldiers. All are elaborately illustrated with charts, individual item photos, and reconstructions worn by models of combinations of equipment and clothing as qoen in northern Europe. In addition there are many lists, charts, and tables gathering together informatioon gleaned from many scarce and obscure publications.Muxh of rhia work has appeared in the excellent French language periodical Militaria published also by Histoire et Collections. This method of proceeding has the great virtue of first publishing in a more temporary format and inviting the readers to submit corrections and additional data which can be used to improve the final work published in book form
 I love to browse through different cookbooks.  I have quite a collection, and usually go to the library to find new recipes to try before I decide to purchase the entire book.  I normally look for 3 things in a cookbook, besides delicious recipes that will work for my family.  This includes:1)  Pictures of more than 3/4 of the recipes (Color pictures are the best)2)  A spiral binding, or at least one that easily lays flat3)  New & innovative recipes that have ingredients I can easily find at a grocery store3)  New & innovative recipes that have ingredients I can easily find at a grocery storeI also prefer if the cookbook lists all of the nutrient information including sodium, fat content, protein, fiber, and carbohydrates.I also prefer if the cookbook lists all of the nutrient information including sodium, fat content, protein, fiber, and carbohydrates.I picked up this book to find new ideas to make a quick meal in-between working and shuffling the kids to various sporting and school events.  Let's face it, eating out isn't always the best for you, especially since you cannot always tell exactly how much fat or sodium you are ingesting.  I wanted some new recipes to try, but not necessarily a dish that would have my kids eyeing it suspiciously and saying "what is it?".  I was not disappointed.I picked up this book to find new ideas to make a quick meal in-between working and shuffling the kids to various sporting and school events.  Let's face it, eating out isn't always the best for you, especially since you cannot always tell exactly how much fat or sodium you are ingesting.  I wanted some new recipes to try, but not necessarily a dish that would have my kids eyeing it suspiciously and saying "what is it?".  I was not disappointed.The book offered many beautiful color photographs, and the pages themselves were glossy and thick...not the cheaper paper that many cookbooks use.  All of the nutrient information was included, along with a column called "Nutrient Bonus" that lets you know if the dish contained a lot of Vitamin C, Calcium, etc.  The book was hard cover, but the binding was loose enough that my copy easily lays flat, another good bonus so that I was not always struggling to keep my page open.  It also contains a rather large vegetarian section.The book offered many beautiful color photographs, and the pages themselves were glossy and thick...not the cheaper paper that many cookbooks use.  All of the nutrient information was included, along with a column called "Nutrient Bonus" that lets you know if the dish contained a lot of Vitamin C, Calcium, etc.  The book was hard cover, but the binding was loose enough that my copy easily lays flat, another good bonus so that I was not always struggling to keep my page open.  It also contains a rather large vegetarian section.Some of our favorites include: Seafood Salad with Citrus Vinaigrette, Bistro Beef Salad, Vietnamese Style Beef & Noodle Broth, Mock Risotto, Chicken Stuffed with Golden Onions & Fontina, Almond Crusted Chicken Fingers, Beer-Battered Tilapia with Mango Salsa, and Loaded Twice Baked Potatoes.  Enjoy!
 I cannot adequately express what this book did for me.  I related to many of the stories, followed the advice, and am now a happier, healthier and more successful person than I was before.  How can you beat that
 This book was great in helping me identify the details of my SMLE III, including decypering all the symbols. It also provided a nice history lesson on the rifle. I would recommend for collectors, those who own one, or those that just have an interest in them
 Trotsky once wrote that of the three great tragedies in life- hunger, sex and death- revolutionary Marxism, which was the driving force behind his life and work, mainly concerned itself with the struggle against hunger. That observation contains an essential truth about the central thrust of the Marxist tradition. However, as Trotsky demonstrates here, Marxist methodology cannot and should not be reduced to an analysis of and prescription for that single struggle. Here Trotsky takes on an aspect of the struggle for mass cultural development.Trotsky once wrote that of the three great tragedies in life- hunger, sex and death- revolutionary Marxism, which was the driving force behind his life and work, mainly concerned itself with the struggle against hunger. That observation contains an essential truth about the central thrust of the Marxist tradition. However, as Trotsky demonstrates here, Marxist methodology cannot and should not be reduced to an analysis of and prescription for that single struggle. Here Trotsky takes on an aspect of the struggle for mass cultural development.In a healthy post-capitalist society mass cultural development would be greatly expanded and encouraged. If the task of socialism were merely to vastly expand economic equality, in a sense, it would be a relativity simple task for a healthy socialist society in concert with other like-minded societies to provide general economic equality with a little tweaking after vanquishing the capitalism mode of production. What Marxism aimed for, and Trotsky defends here, is a prospect that with the end of class society and economic and social injustice the capacity of individual human beings to reach new heights of intellectual and creative development would flourish. That is the thought that underpins Trotsky's work here as he analyzes various trends in Russian literature in the immediate aftermath of the October Revolution of 1917. In short, Marxism is certainly not a method to be followed in order to write great literature but it does allow one to set that literature in its social context and interrelatedness. In a healthy post-capitalist society mass cultural development would be greatly expanded and encouraged. If the task of socialism were merely to vastly expand economic equality, in a sense, it would be a relativity simple task for a healthy socialist society in concert with other like-minded societies to provide general economic equality with a little tweaking after vanquishing the capitalism mode of production. What Marxism aimed for, and Trotsky defends here, is a prospect that with the end of class society and economic and social injustice the capacity of individual human beings to reach new heights of intellectual and creative development would flourish. That is the thought that underpins Trotsky's work here as he analyzes various trends in Russian literature in the immediate aftermath of the October Revolution of 1917. In short, Marxism is certainly not a method to be followed in order to write great literature but it does allow one to set that literature in its social context and interrelatedness. You will find no Deconstructionist or other fashionable literary criticism here. Quite the contrary. Here Trotsky uses his finely tuned skill as a Marxist to great effect as he analyzes the various trends of literature as they were affected (or not affected) by the October Revolution and sniffs out what in false in some of the literary trends. Mainly at the time of writing the jury was still out about the prospects of many of these trends. He analyzes many of the trends that became important later in the century in world literature, like futurism and constructivism, and others- some of which have disappeared and some of which still survive.You will find no Deconstructionist or other fashionable literary criticism here. Quite the contrary. Here Trotsky uses his finely tuned skill as a Marxist to great effect as he analyzes the various trends of literature as they were affected (or not affected) by the October Revolution and sniffs out what in false in some of the literary trends. Mainly at the time of writing the jury was still out about the prospects of many of these trends. He analyzes many of the trends that became important later in the century in world literature, like futurism and constructivism, and others- some of which have disappeared and some of which still survive. The most important and lasting polemic which Trotsky raised here, however, was the fight against the proponents of `proletarian culture'. The argument put forth by this trend maintained that since the Soviet Union was a workers state those who wrote about working class themes or were workers themselves should in the interest of cultural development be given special status and encouragement (read a monopoly on the literary front).  Trotsky makes short shrift of this argument by noting that, in theory at least as its turned out, the proletarian state was only a transitional state and therefore no lasting `proletarian culture' would have time to develop. Although history did not turn out to prove Trotsky correct the polemic is still relevant to any theory of mass cultural development. The most important and lasting polemic which Trotsky raised here, however, was the fight against the proponents of `proletarian culture'. The argument put forth by this trend maintained that since the Soviet Union was a workers state those who wrote about working class themes or were workers themselves should in the interest of cultural development be given special status and encouragement (read a monopoly on the literary front).  Trotsky makes short shrift of this argument by noting that, in theory at least as its turned out, the proletarian state was only a transitional state and therefore no lasting `proletarian culture' would have time to develop. Although history did not turn out to prove Trotsky correct the polemic is still relevant to any theory of mass cultural development. The most important and lasting polemic which Trotsky raised here, however, was the fight against the proponents of `proletarian culture'. The argument put forth by this trend maintained that since the Soviet Union was a workers state those who wrote about working class themes or were workers themselves should in the interest of cultural development be given special status and encouragement (read a monopoly on the literary front).  Trotsky makes short shrift of this argument by noting that, in theory at least as its turned out, the proletarian state was only a transitional state and therefore no lasting `proletarian culture' would have time to develop. Although history did not turn out to prove Trotsky correct the polemic is still relevant to any theory of mass cultural development.One of the results of the publication of this book is that many intellectuals, particularly Western intellectuals, based some of their sympathy for Trotsky the man and fallen hero on his literary analysis and his ability to write. This was particularly true during the 1930's here in America where those who were anti-Stalinist but were repelled by the vacuity of the Socialist Party were drawn to him. A few, like James T. Farrell (Studs Lonigan trilogy), did this mostly honorably. Most, like Dwight MacDonald and Sidney Hooks, etc. did not and simply used that temporary sympathy as a way station on their way to anti-Communism. Such is the nature of the political struggle.One of the results of the publication of this book is that many intellectuals, particularly Western intellectuals, based some of their sympathy for Trotsky the man and fallen hero on his literary analysis and his ability to write. This was particularly true during the 1930's here in America where those who were anti-Stalinist but were repelled by the vacuity of the Socialist Party were drawn to him. A few, like James T. Farrell (Studs Lonigan trilogy), did this mostly honorably. Most, like Dwight MacDonald and Sidney Hooks, etc. did not and simply used that temporary sympathy as a way station on their way to anti-Communism. Such is the nature of the political struggle.A note for the politically- inclined who read this book. Trotsky wrote this book in 1923-24 at the time of Lenin's death and later while the struggle for succession by Stalin, Zinoviev and Kamenev was in full swing. While Trotsky did not recognize it until later (nor did others, for that matter) this period represented the closing of the rising tide of the revolution. Hereafter, the people who ruled the Soviet Union, the purposes for which they ruled and the manner in which they ruled changed dramatically. In short, Thermidor in the classical French revolutionary expression was victorious. Given his political position why the hell was he writing a book on literary trends in post-revolutionary society at that time.       
 Dr. Alex Delaware is completely incorrigible! I love this character, but no wonder his pal Milo is going gray - keeping Alex out of trouble is a full time job! There is a scene in this one where Milo tells Alex straight out not to go snooping - he tells him, "I know you ..." Yeah, Milo knows him all right, and so do we, don't we? (And if you don't - read the books! They're great!)Dr. Alex Delaware is completely incorrigible! I love this character, but no wonder his pal Milo is going gray - keeping Alex out of trouble is a full time job! There is a scene in this one where Milo tells Alex straight out not to go snooping - he tells him, "I know you ..." Yeah, Milo knows him all right, and so do we, don't we? (And if you don't - read the books! They're great!)Okay, Alex is a clinical psychologist who is semi-retired, does mostly forensic work now for the court and the police. His best friend Milo Sturgis is a homicide detective with the LAPD. Once Alex gets involved in a mystery, he is incapable of letting it go. In all fairness, it is Milo who gets him involved in this one. Okay, Alex is a clinical psychologist who is semi-retired, does mostly forensic work now for the court and the police. His best friend Milo Sturgis is a homicide detective with the LAPD. Once Alex gets involved in a mystery, he is incapable of letting it go. In all fairness, it is Milo who gets him involved in this one. Alex and his girlfriend Robin are rebuilding their house - she's a carpenter, so she's very hands-on with the rebuilding. In the meantime, they're living on the beach in Malibu. Sweet.Alex and his girlfriend Robin are rebuilding their house - she's a carpenter, so she's very hands-on with the rebuilding. In the meantime, they're living on the beach in Malibu. Sweet.Milo is quite taken by one of the jurors involved in a particularly gruesome and high profile case. Ever since the trial, Lucy Lowell has been having nightmares and Milo asks his friend Alex to try to help her. She's quite a character and Alex is taken by her too. (Things get a little complicated when she reveals her crush on Milo - FINALLY! A woman falls for Milo! (I'm not the only one!) The fact he's gay does put a crimp in things, but no matter). While her recurring dream becomes more intense, other strange happenings have her - and everyone else - questioning her sanity. But there is obviously more going on than anyone originally thought and Alex is afraid maybe this dream is not a nightmare at all, but a long suppressed childhood memory. The memory of a murder.Milo is quite taken by one of the jurors involved in a particularly gruesome and high profile case. Ever since the trial, Lucy Lowell has been having nightmares and Milo asks his friend Alex to try to help her. She's quite a character and Alex is taken by her too. (Things get a little complicated when she reveals her crush on Milo - FINALLY! A woman falls for Milo! (I'm not the only one!) The fact he's gay does put a crimp in things, but no matter). While her recurring dream becomes more intense, other strange happenings have her - and everyone else - questioning her sanity. But there is obviously more going on than anyone originally thought and Alex is afraid maybe this dream is not a nightmare at all, but a long suppressed childhood memory. The memory of a murder.Milo is tied up with another complicated case, so Alex goes off digging on his own - again. I had to laugh - several times, Alex comments about doing something "on impulse" and I'm sitting there waiting for someone to try to kill him. The lies come so easy for him in this one - he's been getting a lot of practice. He pretends to be a journalist, a freelance novelist, a publisher and he even manages to keep his lies straight - he's amazing! But the inevitable happens and he and Lucy find themselves staring down the wrong end of a gun. Milo is tied up with another complicated case, so Alex goes off digging on his own - again. I had to laugh - several times, Alex comments about doing something "on impulse" and I'm sitting there waiting for someone to try to kill him. The lies come so easy for him in this one - he's been getting a lot of practice. He pretends to be a journalist, a freelance novelist, a publisher and he even manages to keep his lies straight - he's amazing! But the inevitable happens and he and Lucy find themselves staring down the wrong end of a gun. The mystery is 20 years old, so it's a very cold trail and a very complicated case - you won't figure it out - the ending is quite a surprise
 "GPU Gems 2" edited by Matt Pharr (Addison-Wesley, 2005, ISBN 0-321-33559-7) is a collection of forty-eight white papers that detail cutting edge techniques based on today's latest graphical processing units (GPU).  The full color hardcover text is 784 pages and includes a CD-ROM with working demos and source for some of the articles presented in the book.  The text retails for $59.99."GPU Gems 2" edited by Matt Pharr (Addison-Wesley, 2005, ISBN 0-321-33559-7) is a collection of forty-eight white papers that detail cutting edge techniques based on today's latest graphical processing units (GPU).  The full color hardcover text is 784 pages and includes a CD-ROM with working demos and source for some of the articles presented in the book.  The text retails for $59.99.The book is divided into six parts: geometric complexity, shading, high-quality rendering, general purpose computation on the GPU, image oriented computing, and numerical algorithms.  A part has anywhere from five to twelve chapters.  Each chapter is written by a different author but the format and style is consistent.  The chapters have an introduction, discussion of the problem or technique, conclusion, and references.  The material is presented with color illustrations and occasionally some pseudo-code or code fragments.  Generally, the material is extremely current and very approachable to read.The book is divided into six parts: geometric complexity, shading, high-quality rendering, general purpose computation on the GPU, image oriented computing, and numerical algorithms.  A part has anywhere from five to twelve chapters.  Each chapter is written by a different author but the format and style is consistent.  The chapters have an introduction, discussion of the problem or technique, conclusion, and references.  The material is presented with color illustrations and occasionally some pseudo-code or code fragments.  Generally, the material is extremely current and very approachable to read.As a sequel to its well received predecessor, the text focuses on taking advantage of the computational power and features of today's high-powered GPU boards.  The first part of the book, geometric complexity, emphasizes this with chapters dedicated to batch rendering, using multi-streaming, hardware occlusion, and displacement pixel-shaders.  Each chapter illustrates how operations traditionally performed on the CPU can be moved into the GPU for efficiency and greater effect.As a sequel to its well received predecessor, the text focuses on taking advantage of the computational power and features of today's high-powered GPU boards.  The first part of the book, geometric complexity, emphasizes this with chapters dedicated to batch rendering, using multi-streaming, hardware occlusion, and displacement pixel-shaders.  Each chapter illustrates how operations traditionally performed on the CPU can be moved into the GPU for efficiency and greater effect.The subsequent two parts on shading and rendering continue along the same theme: improved performance by using hardware functionality found on the GPU.  Each topic considers the performance ramifications and GPU capabilities when discussing the problem domain of a rendering technique and factors it into the final solution.  For example, chapter 10 considers irradiance environment maps for fast lighting - but with a twist - using the GPU to do the calculations in real-time.  In doing so, the book's real value becomes apparent.The subsequent two parts on shading and rendering continue along the same theme: improved performance by using hardware functionality found on the GPU.  Each topic considers the performance ramifications and GPU capabilities when discussing the problem domain of a rendering technique and factors it into the final solution.  For example, chapter 10 considers irradiance environment maps for fast lighting - but with a twist - using the GPU to do the calculations in real-time.  In doing so, the book's real value becomes apparent.The fourth part on general purpose GPU computation is an interesting addition to the text.  The chapters illustrate methods of offloading traditional CPU tasks by exploiting the inherent parallel nature of modern GPU hardware.  Since the book features Nvidia hardware, the architecture and performance capabilities largely focused on their products.  The fourth part on general purpose GPU computation is an interesting addition to the text.  The chapters illustrate methods of offloading traditional CPU tasks by exploiting the inherent parallel nature of modern GPU hardware.  Since the book features Nvidia hardware, the architecture and performance capabilities largely focused on their products.  In the fifth part of the book, hardware assisted image creation and analysis is considered.  By using context clues from the spatial, texture, or lighting data - additional refinements can be made to a scene prior to rasterization.  The topics presented in this part are further refinements of the text's main theme (using the GPU fully) and are specific solutions to uncommon problems - or approaches to rasterization.  None the less as GPUs continue to evolve, the topics presented in this section will undoubtedly become more common.In the fifth part of the book, hardware assisted image creation and analysis is considered.  By using context clues from the spatial, texture, or lighting data - additional refinements can be made to a scene prior to rasterization.  The topics presented in this part are further refinements of the text's main theme (using the GPU fully) and are specific solutions to uncommon problems - or approaches to rasterization.  None the less as GPUs continue to evolve, the topics presented in this section will undoubtedly become more common.Finally, the sixth part of the book provides several non-traditional graphics examples to illustrate calculating data on the GPU: solving linear equations, options pricing, and numerical simulation - just to name a few. As using the raw floating point power of modern GPU is a growing trend - these sections were quite interesting and well done.Finally, the sixth part of the book provides several non-traditional graphics examples to illustrate calculating data on the GPU: solving linear equations, options pricing, and numerical simulation - just to name a few. As using the raw floating point power of modern GPU is a growing trend - these sections were quite interesting and well done.The included CD-ROM contains examples to 28 of the 48 articles in the book.  In most cases, the example material includes source code as well as pre-compiled binaries to help illustrate the topic presented in the text.   In order to run the majority of the samples, Cg must be installed on the host computer.  In addition, the CD-ROM provides access to Nvidia's software development kit, Cg toolkit, performance tools, and several helpful reference links to on-line sites.The included CD-ROM contains examples to 28 of the 48 articles in the book.  In most cases, the example material includes source code as well as pre-compiled binaries to help illustrate the topic presented in the text.   In order to run the majority of the samples, Cg must be installed on the host computer.  In addition, the CD-ROM provides access to Nvidia's software development kit, Cg toolkit, performance tools, and several helpful reference links to on-line sites.GPU Gems 2 provides a cutting edge view of the capabilities found in today's video cards.  The selected articles illustrate that every part of the rendering process can be enhanced in some fashion by fully using the underlying hardware.  As such, this book is essential to anyone working with modern GPUs.GPU Gems 2 provides a cutting edge view of the capabilities found in today's video cards.  The selected articles illustrate that every part of the rendering process can be enhanced in some fashion by fully using the underlying hardware.  As such, this book is essential to anyone working with modern GPUs.
 Not great, maybe, but good. Not great, maybe, but good. The theme is vampire - the creatures that feed by night on their human cattle. But what if the night goes on and on?The theme is vampire - the creatures that feed by night on their human cattle. But what if the night goes on and on?Good suspense, good characters and development, and an artistic style that carries the mood. It's a nightmarish visual style and a limited palette (black, white, and blood red), but it works. Recommended.Good suspense, good characters and development, and an artistic style that carries the mood. It's a nightmarish visual style and a limited palette (black, white, and blood red), but it works. Recommended.//wiredweir
 John Little and Peter Sisco wrote static contraction... but John takes it a step further and eliminates the need for doing reps with scientific explanations to back up his revolutionary concept of weight training/ muscle building.. My girlfriend and I started doing this method in may of 2005 and I can honestly say i've never found such a fast, quick and easy way to build muscle. This is also a great method for those not wanting to spend hours in a gym... after a while, you only need to workout once a week... but don't forget to stretch afterwards... and don't forget to do cardio on other days.I've never been able to develop the 6pack abs until I used the techniques in this book... not to mention all the other muscles popping out that I never knew were there before! I don't entirely agree with his take on supplements - although I think he's referring to all the stupid gimmicks out there designed to waste your time and money. Apparently he's not familiar with Shaklee
 Trotsky once wrote that of the three great tragedies in life- hunger, sex and death- revolutionary Marxism, which was the driving force behind his life and work, mainly concerned itself with the struggle against hunger. That observation contains an essential truth about the central thrust of the Marxist tradition. However, as Trotsky demonstrates here, Marxist methodology cannot and should not be reduced to an analysis of and prescription for that single struggle. Here Trotsky takes on an aspect of the struggle for mass cultural development.Trotsky once wrote that of the three great tragedies in life- hunger, sex and death- revolutionary Marxism, which was the driving force behind his life and work, mainly concerned itself with the struggle against hunger. That observation contains an essential truth about the central thrust of the Marxist tradition. However, as Trotsky demonstrates here, Marxist methodology cannot and should not be reduced to an analysis of and prescription for that single struggle. Here Trotsky takes on an aspect of the struggle for mass cultural development.In a healthy post-capitalist society mass cultural development would be greatly expanded and encouraged. If the task of socialism were merely to vastly expand economic equality, in a sense, it would be a relativity simple task for a healthy socialist society in concert with other like-minded societies to provide general economic equality with a little tweaking after vanquishing the capitalism mode of production. What Marxism aimed for, and Trotsky defends here, is a prospect that with the end of class society and economic and social injustice the capacity of individual human beings to reach new heights of intellectual and creative development would flourish. That is the thought that underpins Trotsky's work here as he analyzes various trends in Russian literature in the immediate aftermath of the October Revolution of 1917. In short, Marxism is certainly not a method to be followed in order to write great literature but it does allow one to set that literature in its social context and interrelatedness. In a healthy post-capitalist society mass cultural development would be greatly expanded and encouraged. If the task of socialism were merely to vastly expand economic equality, in a sense, it would be a relativity simple task for a healthy socialist society in concert with other like-minded societies to provide general economic equality with a little tweaking after vanquishing the capitalism mode of production. What Marxism aimed for, and Trotsky defends here, is a prospect that with the end of class society and economic and social injustice the capacity of individual human beings to reach new heights of intellectual and creative development would flourish. That is the thought that underpins Trotsky's work here as he analyzes various trends in Russian literature in the immediate aftermath of the October Revolution of 1917. In short, Marxism is certainly not a method to be followed in order to write great literature but it does allow one to set that literature in its social context and interrelatedness. You will find no Deconstructionist or other fashionable literary criticism here. Quite the contrary. Here Trotsky uses his finely tuned skill as a Marxist to great effect as he analyzes the various trends of literature as they were affected (or not affected) by the October Revolution and sniffs out what in false in some of the literary trends. Mainly at the time of writing the jury was still out about the prospects of many of these trends. He analyzes many of the trends that became important later in the century in world literature, like futurism and constructivism, and others- some of which have disappeared and some of which still survive.You will find no Deconstructionist or other fashionable literary criticism here. Quite the contrary. Here Trotsky uses his finely tuned skill as a Marxist to great effect as he analyzes the various trends of literature as they were affected (or not affected) by the October Revolution and sniffs out what in false in some of the literary trends. Mainly at the time of writing the jury was still out about the prospects of many of these trends. He analyzes many of the trends that became important later in the century in world literature, like futurism and constructivism, and others- some of which have disappeared and some of which still survive. The most important and lasting polemic which Trotsky raised here, however, was the fight against the proponents of `proletarian culture'. The argument put forth by this trend maintained that since the Soviet Union was a workers state those who wrote about working class themes or were workers themselves should in the interest of cultural development be given special status and encouragement (read a monopoly on the literary front).  Trotsky makes short shrift of this argument by noting that, in theory at least as its turned out, the proletarian state was only a transitional state and therefore no lasting `proletarian culture' would have time to develop. Although history did not turn out to prove Trotsky correct the polemic is still relevant to any theory of mass cultural development. The most important and lasting polemic which Trotsky raised here, however, was the fight against the proponents of `proletarian culture'. The argument put forth by this trend maintained that since the Soviet Union was a workers state those who wrote about working class themes or were workers themselves should in the interest of cultural development be given special status and encouragement (read a monopoly on the literary front).  Trotsky makes short shrift of this argument by noting that, in theory at least as its turned out, the proletarian state was only a transitional state and therefore no lasting `proletarian culture' would have time to develop. Although history did not turn out to prove Trotsky correct the polemic is still relevant to any theory of mass cultural development. The most important and lasting polemic which Trotsky raised here, however, was the fight against the proponents of `proletarian culture'. The argument put forth by this trend maintained that since the Soviet Union was a workers state those who wrote about working class themes or were workers themselves should in the interest of cultural development be given special status and encouragement (read a monopoly on the literary front).  Trotsky makes short shrift of this argument by noting that, in theory at least as its turned out, the proletarian state was only a transitional state and therefore no lasting `proletarian culture' would have time to develop. Although history did not turn out to prove Trotsky correct the polemic is still relevant to any theory of mass cultural development.One of the results of the publication of this book is that many intellectuals, particularly Western intellectuals, based some of their sympathy for Trotsky the man and fallen hero on his literary analysis and his ability to write. This was particularly true during the 1930's here in America where those who were anti-Stalinist but were repelled by the vacuity of the Socialist Party were drawn to him. A few, like James T. Farrell (Studs Lonigan trilogy), did this mostly honorably. Most, like Dwight MacDonald and Sidney Hooks, etc. did not and simply used that temporary sympathy as a way station on their way to anti-Communism. Such is the nature of the political struggle.One of the results of the publication of this book is that many intellectuals, particularly Western intellectuals, based some of their sympathy for Trotsky the man and fallen hero on his literary analysis and his ability to write. This was particularly true during the 1930's here in America where those who were anti-Stalinist but were repelled by the vacuity of the Socialist Party were drawn to him. A few, like James T. Farrell (Studs Lonigan trilogy), did this mostly honorably. Most, like Dwight MacDonald and Sidney Hooks, etc. did not and simply used that temporary sympathy as a way station on their way to anti-Communism. Such is the nature of the political struggle.A note for the politically- inclined who read this book. Trotsky wrote this book in 1923-24 at the time of Lenin's death and later while the struggle for succession by Stalin, Zinoviev and Kamenev was in full swing. While Trotsky did not recognize it until later (nor did others, for that matter) this period represented the closing of the rising tide of the revolution. Hereafter, the people who ruled the Soviet Union, the purposes for which they ruled and the manner in which they ruled changed dramatically. In short, Thermidor in the classical French revolutionary expression was victorious. Given his political position why the hell was he writing a book on literary trends in post-revolutionary society at that time.       
 I admire an author who deviates from a standard formula and the interweaving of two cases really works in "Piece of My Heart." DI Stanley Chadwick faces a murder case in 1969 against the backdrop of a rock 'n roll concert. His teenage daughter has facts to hide and DI Chadwick walks a fine line. DCI Alan Banks is seeking a murderer in 2005 which eventually connects with the 1969 murder. I admire an author who deviates from a standard formula and the interweaving of two cases really works in "Piece of My Heart." DI Stanley Chadwick faces a murder case in 1969 against the backdrop of a rock 'n roll concert. His teenage daughter has facts to hide and DI Chadwick walks a fine line. DCI Alan Banks is seeking a murderer in 2005 which eventually connects with the 1969 murder. The plot has already been outlined, so I'll just say it's a delight to visit DCI Banks again. I'm never disappointed
 The third book of a series and follow the story line.  I have not finished it yet but am enjoying it
 Ed Hayes exposes himself and one might think that the machine gun style of the book is fantasy but it doesn't do justice to the man himself. His dedication to his clients is legendary and he spends every working moment thinking and working for them. Having shared some of his adventures but as a cop,I found that he loves cops. If it wasn't for the fact that he would not have been able to support his interesting lifestyle he would have been one.Ed Hayes exposes himself and one might think that the machine gun style of the book is fantasy but it doesn't do justice to the man himself. His dedication to his clients is legendary and he spends every working moment thinking and working for them. Having shared some of his adventures but as a cop,I found that he loves cops. If it wasn't for the fact that he would not have been able to support his interesting lifestyle he would have been one.His book covers his life and gives a glimpse into the man and his style. He doesn't know how to go at half speed and neither does the book. His upfront approach is evident. He just doesn't have time for B.S.His book covers his life and gives a glimpse into the man and his style. He doesn't know how to go at half speed and neither does the book. His upfront approach is evident. He just doesn't have time for B.S.It's a quick read and an enjoyable one. Make sure that you take it with you on vacation! It will make it more enjoyable
 V. I. Lenin wrote this book in 1917, while he was hiding from the Russian government. Lenin pointed out that "The question of the relation of the state to the social revolution, and of the social revolution to the state, like the question of revolution generally, was given very little attention by the leading theoreticians and publicists of the Second International (1889-1914)". He wanted to correct that oversight, and that is probably the main reason why he wrote this book. V. I. Lenin wrote this book in 1917, while he was hiding from the Russian government. Lenin pointed out that "The question of the relation of the state to the social revolution, and of the social revolution to the state, like the question of revolution generally, was given very little attention by the leading theoreticians and publicists of the Second International (1889-1914)". He wanted to correct that oversight, and that is probably the main reason why he wrote this book. "The State and revolution" is a very short book, well structured and not difficult to read at all. Initially this pamphlet was going to have seven chapters, but Lenin didn't conclude the seventh, due to the outbreak of the Russian revolution. In the postscript to the first edition he explains that, saying that due to the reasons already explained the conclusion of the seventh chapters would have to be put off for quite a long time, but that all the same "It is more pleasant and useful to go through the `experience of revolution' than to write about it"."The State and revolution" is a very short book, well structured and not difficult to read at all. Initially this pamphlet was going to have seven chapters, but Lenin didn't conclude the seventh, due to the outbreak of the Russian revolution. In the postscript to the first edition he explains that, saying that due to the reasons already explained the conclusion of the seventh chapters would have to be put off for quite a long time, but that all the same "It is more pleasant and useful to go through the `experience of revolution' than to write about it".The main idea in "The State and revolution" is that the State is a product of the irreconcilability of class antagonisms, and an instrument for the exploitation of the oppressed class (a "special coercive force" that rules through violence). The State of the bourgeoisie will disappear, but only through a revolution that will take the people to the dictatorship of the proletariat. The proletariat (the working class) will become then the ruling class, "capable of crushing the inevitable and desperate resistance of the bourgeoisie, and of organizing all the working and exploited people for the new economic system. The proletariat needs state power, a centralized organization of force, an organization of violence, both to crush the resistance of the exploiters and to lead the enormous mass of the population -the peasants, the petty bourgeoisie, and semi-proletarians- in the work of organizing a socialist economy."The main idea in "The State and revolution" is that the State is a product of the irreconcilability of class antagonisms, and an instrument for the exploitation of the oppressed class (a "special coercive force" that rules through violence). The State of the bourgeoisie will disappear, but only through a revolution that will take the people to the dictatorship of the proletariat. The proletariat (the working class) will become then the ruling class, "capable of crushing the inevitable and desperate resistance of the bourgeoisie, and of organizing all the working and exploited people for the new economic system. The proletariat needs state power, a centralized organization of force, an organization of violence, both to crush the resistance of the exploiters and to lead the enormous mass of the population -the peasants, the petty bourgeoisie, and semi-proletarians- in the work of organizing a socialist economy."The dictatorship of the proletariat will be only a first stage in the path to Communism ("Then the door will be thrown wide open for the transition from the first phase of communist society to its higher phase, and with it to the complete withering away of the state"). According to Lenin, the necessity of systematically imbuing the masses with the idea of the necessity of violent revolution lies at the root of the entire theory of Marx and Engels. All throughout this book, Lenin cites and examines Marx and Engels' writings, in order to explain and support his own point of view.The dictatorship of the proletariat will be only a first stage in the path to Communism ("Then the door will be thrown wide open for the transition from the first phase of communist society to its higher phase, and with it to the complete withering away of the state"). According to Lenin, the necessity of systematically imbuing the masses with the idea of the necessity of violent revolution lies at the root of the entire theory of Marx and Engels. All throughout this book, Lenin cites and examines Marx and Engels' writings, in order to explain and support his own point of view.The importance of Marxism for nowadays world has diminished enormously, but I advice you to read this book nonetheless. It is certainly not a grueling task, and it will allow you to understand better some notions that many Marxist leaders believed with all their hearts. Ideas drive men, and men make history. "The State and revolution" will help you to get acquainted with some of those ideas, and that is not a small feat.The importance of Marxism for nowadays world has diminished enormously, but I advice you to read this book nonetheless. It is certainly not a grueling task, and it will allow you to understand better some notions that many Marxist leaders believed with all their hearts. Ideas drive men, and men make history. "The State and revolution" will help you to get acquainted with some of those ideas, and that is not a small feat.Belen Alcat  
 My kids and I love this book.  There were so many cute ideas, several parties worth.  Pirates are a hit with most kids and this book uses this theme combined with simple objects to make things that kids will think are awesome.  I especially liked the recipes, the place cards, the ideas to make with salt dough, and the pirate facts throughout the book
 I am an experienced Java programmer. This book together with the NetBeans IDE allowed me to come up with a J2ME application in less than a week. The examples in the book is a great resource for learning to write J2ME applications. I learn best when I'm coding. In my case, I used the source from the PeekAndPick RSS Reader to come up with my J2ME text reader. The program has been heavily modified since, but the book provided sample code that was a great starting point for my learning. I am an experienced Java programmer. This book together with the NetBeans IDE allowed me to come up with a J2ME application in less than a week. The examples in the book is a great resource for learning to write J2ME applications. I learn best when I'm coding. In my case, I used the source from the PeekAndPick RSS Reader to come up with my J2ME text reader. The program has been heavily modified since, but the book provided sample code that was a great starting point for my learning. 
 I want everyone to know that this book was a labor of love. I want to help make people aware of the life and the legacy of Ilan Ramon, a hero and inspiring figure for all of us
 Wow! This is a wonderful reference book not only for Taiji Jian (tai chi sword), but also for Taiji Quan. All sections of the book are straight forward and easy to follow. There wasn't any mystical &quot;mumbo jumbo&quot; I couldn't comprehend. The first chapter which gives the reader information about the history of the Taiji jian, I particlularly liked this historical information. Chapter two is for Taiji jian and Tai Chi Quan practitioners. This chapter explains clearly the &quot;ins and outs&quot; of Taiji Quan and Taiji jian. The author explains basic trainning, principles, elements, etc. I found this section of great interest to me having only studied Taiji Quan for about a year now. I believe the information I've gainned from reading this section will help improve my practice.I think advanced practitioners will find chapter two valuable as well. The remaining chapters 3-8 give the reader information on the parts of the jian, how to practce with the jian, basic movements,fighting principles, and a 32 posture form with pictures and detailed explanations. The explaination of each picture includes info about the key points, internal components and the movement itself. This is a great manual that I know I will refer to over and over again. This is a must read book for any Taiji Quan or Taiji jian practitioner
 The Hellion Bride is the second book in Bride Series. I love Ryder and Sophie and the joy of meeting other characters from The Sherbrooke Bride. I kept turning the pages to find out their secrets. Deceptive and abusive uncle Theo as well as murder scenes make the story more thrilling and a suspense. The Virgin Bride also comes in handy and she is an angel rather than a ghost for she always is encouraging and very nice. Sinjun pleasantly spices up the whole story. I can't wait any longer to read her own story The Heiress Bride
 This book is the best book on Rand's esthetics I've ever read; in fact, it is the only book on the topic that I know of.  It is refreshing to see that the authors are objective and critical; they are not slavish cultists  savoring every last word written by Rand.  They approach the material with  critical distance and do an excellent job of placing Rand's work in the  larger history of esthetic theory.  They demolish abstract art, and devote  considerable energy to discussing Rand's definition of art.  They even  propose their own individual alternatives!   If anything shows  independence, it is this willingness to debate the differences between the  authors of the same work!  Remarkable!  The world of Rand commentary is  filled to the brim with sectarianism and partisanship.  That is clear just  by reading one of the reviews here, by people who are devotees of certain  &quot;scholars&quot; who do nothing but repeat the catechism.  They take  swipes at genuinely independent work anytime it is published; that is why  they hate this book.  Because it is independent-minded.  Judge for  yourself.  Don't be fooled
 &quot;Good Sports&quot; is a book which helps girls to be the &quot;best athlete you can be.&quot; It catagorizes players, parents, and other important people into real-life situations. It has quizes, quotes from  other athletes, and memory pages. Also, it offers a lot of web sites and  other addresses for girls to look up their favorite sports. More  importantly, this book shows girls what teamwork and good sportsmanship is  all about. One of my favorite parts in the book says: &quot;Sometimes heart  is the strongest muscle.&quot; This book also tells girls how to take good  care of yourself- to eat healthy so that you are a better athlete. It  includes the food pyramid and what one serving is. &quot;Good Sports&quot;  involves &quot;Power Drills&quot; and advice from other girls. It goes  inside the lives of other athletes, such as Michelle Kwan, but also shows  girls'lives who are teens or pre-teens.  This book not only focuses on the  physical parts of playing a game, but on the mental part as well: keeping  your dreams alive even when you're at the bottom of the team, or you were  embarrassed at a basketball game when you tripped. I would reccommend  &quot;Good Sports&quot; to any female athelete, whether you are experienced  or haven't even started yet. It teaches you the basics and also the mental  parts of a game! It has advice on keeping your mind and body strong, along  with being a good winner and loser. It has advice from other athletes,  famous or otherwise, memory pages to record your victories, dreams and  goals, and ways to reach sports associations. As the book says, it includes  &quot;Winning. Losing. And everything in between.&quot
 &quot;Good Sports&quot; is a book which helps girls to be the &quot;best athlete you can be.&quot; It catagorizes players, parents, and other important people into real-life situations. It has quizes, quotes from  other athletes, and memory pages. Also, it offers a lot of web sites and  other addresses for girls to look up their favorite sports. More  importantly, this book shows girls what teamwork and good sportsmanship is  all about. One of my favorite parts in the book says: &quot;Sometimes heart  is the strongest muscle.&quot; This book also tells girls how to take good  care of yourself- to eat healthy so that you are a better athlete. It  includes the food pyramid and what one serving is. &quot;Good Sports&quot;  involves &quot;Power Drills&quot; and advice from other girls. It goes  inside the lives of other athletes, such as Michelle Kwan, but also shows  girls'lives who are teens or pre-teens.  This book not only focuses on the  physical parts of playing a game, but on the mental part as well: keeping  your dreams alive even when you're at the bottom of the team, or you were  embarrassed at a basketball game when you tripped. I would reccommend  &quot;Good Sports&quot; to any female athelete, whether you are experienced  or haven't even started yet. It teaches you the basics and also the mental  parts of a game! It has advice on keeping your mind and body strong, along  with being a good winner and loser. It has advice from other athletes,  famous or otherwise, memory pages to record your victories, dreams and  goals, and ways to reach sports associations. As the book says, it includes  &quot;Winning. Losing. And everything in between.&quotBarbara Ghazarian's book is a wonderful collection of recipes that originated in an ancient culture. I enjoyed reading about her family and how Armenian food remains a large part of the communal family experience. These foods from the Mediterranean region are exciting, flavorful, and easy to make. Barbara's emphasis on bulgur wheat -- a staple in the Armenian diet -- is particularly important, as this whole grain product has stood the test of time. It might even be considered the gold standard of healthy, easy-to-prepare grains.Barbara Ghazarian's book is a wonderful collection of recipes that originated in an ancient culture. I enjoyed reading about her family and how Armenian food remains a large part of the communal family experience. These foods from the Mediterranean region are exciting, flavorful, and easy to make. Barbara's emphasis on bulgur wheat -- a staple in the Armenian diet -- is particularly important, as this whole grain product has stood the test of time. It might even be considered the gold standard of healthy, easy-to-prepare grains.Simply Armenian gives Americans a way to incorporate whole grains, meats, and vegetables into a healthy meal that a family can share. While I read the book, a line kept running through my head: "our grandmothers were right." They cooked with simple, whole foods that provided excellent nutrition and variety from recipes that were handed down from mother to daughter. Simply Armenian allows us to cook like our grandmothers and provide the same healthy choices for our modern families
 This is a sci-fi novel about the end of the world.  Every single adult on the planet died.  THere are a couple of kids living in a house alone.  So begins the Fire-Us trilogy, fascinating, scary, and intriguing.This is a sci-fi novel about the end of the world.  Every single adult on the planet died.  THere are a couple of kids living in a house alone.  So begins the Fire-Us trilogy, fascinating, scary, and intriguing.The story is really interesting - I mean slap in your face, give-me-more, I LOVE THIS intersting.  A couple of the images were really disturbing, though, like the fact that Hunter had to move the skeletons out of his way at the supermarket.  The kids in the story are fascinating, and the Teacher's scarpbook-thing was so . . . wierd that it was actually kind of scary.The story is really interesting - I mean slap in your face, give-me-more, I LOVE THIS intersting.  A couple of the images were really disturbing, though, like the fact that Hunter had to move the skeletons out of his way at the supermarket.  The kids in the story are fascinating, and the Teacher's scarpbook-thing was so . . . wierd that it was actually kind of scary.Then Angerman is introduced.  He's really messed up, but I get the idea that he knows something about the virus (Fire-us) that the others don't.  This makes him an amazing character, and even if you don't like the story its worth reading the sequel just to find out what happens to him and his battered dummy.Then Angerman is introduced.  He's really messed up, but I get the idea that he knows something about the virus (Fire-us) that the others don't.  This makes him an amazing character, and even if you don't like the story its worth reading the sequel just to find out what happens to him and his battered dummy.I really love this series, though some of the descriptions might be a little too much for younger readers.  Well worth anyone who is into sci-fi and apocalypse, as I was at the time.I really love this series, though some of the descriptions might be a little too much for younger readers.  Well worth anyone who is into sci-fi and apocalypse, as I was at the time.I really love this series, though some of the descriptions might be a little too much for younger readers.  Well worth anyone who is into sci-fi and apocalypse, as I was at the time.I really love this series, though some of the descriptions might be a little too much for younger readers.  Well worth anyone who is into sci-fi and apocalypse, as I was at the time.P.S. I read this book five months ago and I still remember all of the characters and their names and quirks.  Talk about powerful writing
 When I read Ron Penton's first book, Data Structures for Game Programming, I couldn't wait to see what he did next. MUD Game Programming lived up to all of my expectations, and indeed surpassed them.When I read Ron Penton's first book, Data Structures for Game Programming, I couldn't wait to see what he did next. MUD Game Programming lived up to all of my expectations, and indeed surpassed them.The author has an extraordinary knack for making complex topics understandable -- and, equally important, making them interesting. Reading MUD Game Programming is like having a friendly, cheerful expert sitting down next to you and showing you the tricks of the trade. Instead of just telling you what to do, he explains the thinking behind the decisions that go into the design of a complex program such as a MUD server, enabling you to make the decisions that are right for your own project, which might not be the same. You end up with not just knowledge but understanding.The author has an extraordinary knack for making complex topics understandable -- and, equally important, making them interesting. Reading MUD Game Programming is like having a friendly, cheerful expert sitting down next to you and showing you the tricks of the trade. Instead of just telling you what to do, he explains the thinking behind the decisions that go into the design of a complex program such as a MUD server, enabling you to make the decisions that are right for your own project, which might not be the same. You end up with not just knowledge but understanding.I highly recommend MUD Game Programming to people doing any type of network-based multiplayer programming, not just traditional MUDs. I'd give this book six stars if they'd let me
 I love this book - such a great novel detailing the friendship and bonds of a group of women over the years.  I'll be re-reading it
 Good books on popular music are, frankly, few and far between. This is one of those precious few. Journalist Dan LeRoy has done a remarkable job of piecing together the details of the creation of this album. Even better, he has written an engaging story. It might be a cliche, but I couldn't put it down.
 This book shows you in an easy to read format the true capabilities of the DVD format and what is required to do it. It helped me in being able to ask intelligent questions when purchasing equipment
 What I like about this book is that the tone is just right for a self-conscious preteen boy who has more questions than answers but is too embarrassed to ask anybody. Leave this book in his room or in the bathroom without making a big deal of it, and I bet he'll take a look inside. Some books are so clinical; others don't provide enough information. This one gets it right--at least for your basic seventh or eighth grader. As someone who has been writing for girls for years, I'm always curious about what is out there for boys, and I like Daldry's style.Carol Weston, author of Girltalk: All the Stuff Your Sister Never Told You
 HACCP is the acronym for Hazard Analysis of Critical Control Points. This text, by Arduser and Brown is the be all and end all on the topic - in my view.  It even comes with a companion CD-ROM that contains all forms from the book in Adobe Acrobat (PDF) and MS Word format. This is a major time saver when it comes to preparing and administering the required tests to staff members and the newly hired.HACCP is the acronym for Hazard Analysis of Critical Control Points. This text, by Arduser and Brown is the be all and end all on the topic - in my view.  It even comes with a companion CD-ROM that contains all forms from the book in Adobe Acrobat (PDF) and MS Word format. This is a major time saver when it comes to preparing and administering the required tests to staff members and the newly hired.The comprehensive 530+ page text covers everything I can think of that relates to food safety in restaurants and other eateries. It is designed to teach food service managers and their employees the specifics of food safety in accordance with the FDA Food Code. This excellent training manual is in large print format that makes it easy to read. The writing is easy to understand and the authors were careful to explain key concepts and terms so that even a novice can study it alone.The comprehensive 530+ page text covers everything I can think of that relates to food safety in restaurants and other eateries. It is designed to teach food service managers and their employees the specifics of food safety in accordance with the FDA Food Code. This excellent training manual is in large print format that makes it easy to read. The writing is easy to understand and the authors were careful to explain key concepts and terms so that even a novice can study it alone.The seven comprehensive chapters in the manual cover the following topics: Hazards to Food Safety; Factors Affecting Food-Born Illness; Food Safety Regulations; Following The Flow of Food; HACCP; and the Facility Plan. These are followed by an extremely helpful Glossary of terms. The Appendix includes all forms needed to meet the FDA requirements and to run an efficient and safe establishment. Included are checklists, signage, compliance checklists, and equipment cleaning charts, allergen-control program worksheet along with job descriptions for personnel. There is even a Certificate of Completion to certify that staff members have taken and passed the required tests (included).The seven comprehensive chapters in the manual cover the following topics: Hazards to Food Safety; Factors Affecting Food-Born Illness; Food Safety Regulations; Following The Flow of Food; HACCP; and the Facility Plan. These are followed by an extremely helpful Glossary of terms. The Appendix includes all forms needed to meet the FDA requirements and to run an efficient and safe establishment. Included are checklists, signage, compliance checklists, and equipment cleaning charts, allergen-control program worksheet along with job descriptions for personnel. There is even a Certificate of Completion to certify that staff members have taken and passed the required tests (included).With the rise in reports of food-borne illnesses and deaths it is essential that every food service operation adhere to the regulations and safety procedures at all times.  In my view, this book is essential to ensure you are in total compliance. With the rise in reports of food-borne illnesses and deaths it is essential that every food service operation adhere to the regulations and safety procedures at all times.  In my view, this book is essential to ensure you are in total compliance. As one who has conducted training I find this book deserves 5 stars for its complete coverage of the subject matter in an easy to digest all-in-one format.  I highly recommend this book
 I love this little recipe book! It is very simply written, but informative -- everything from what a crepe is and how to turn them, stack them, freeze them, and thaw them, to diagrams on folding crepes and blintzes, and, of course, the recipes: the basic crepe recipe followed by all the variations, as well as dessert crepes and blintzes. Haven't tried very many yet, but am looking forward to it -- especially the orange dessert crepes
 Another incredible read from CJ Box.  I'm intrigued in the manner he sets up the future of Joe Pickett in each of his books.  I couldn't put this one down
 I studied the medieval Islamic world a little in college, and fell in love. It's a fascinating age in which Central Asian Buddhists, North African nomads, Ethiopian slaves, Greek cave-dwellers, Persian aristocrats, Arab bureaucrats and a host of different cultures came together, mixed, wrote wonderful literature, and lived the kind of drama that makes history fun. But it's hard to find anything written about the time that isn't arcane professor babble or Islam 101. (You know, "There are five pillars of Islam..." Snore.)I studied the medieval Islamic world a little in college, and fell in love. It's a fascinating age in which Central Asian Buddhists, North African nomads, Ethiopian slaves, Greek cave-dwellers, Persian aristocrats, Arab bureaucrats and a host of different cultures came together, mixed, wrote wonderful literature, and lived the kind of drama that makes history fun. But it's hard to find anything written about the time that isn't arcane professor babble or Islam 101. (You know, "There are five pillars of Islam..." Snore.)Here Hugh Kennedy has written the book I always wanted. He wisely concentrates on medieval Islam's golden age, the early Abbasid dynasty, when Baghdad ruled a large portion of the world-and, even more astutely, on the dramatic stories and personalities of the court. Let's face it, you read about the Abbasids because you want to know how the slave girl Khayzuran not only managed to marry the caliph but to quell a military revolt, why her son Harun al-Rashid was immortalized in The Arabian Nights, and why the all-powerful Barmakid family suddenly fell from grace to prison and execution. Kennedy brings the caliphs and their families to life. He's up front about the fact that the book is about aristocrats, but the common people of Baghdad, the "pickpockets and sellers of cheap sweets" who fought back when their city was besieged, and the middle class who developed Islamic tradition dance around the edge of the narrative.Here Hugh Kennedy has written the book I always wanted. He wisely concentrates on medieval Islam's golden age, the early Abbasid dynasty, when Baghdad ruled a large portion of the world-and, even more astutely, on the dramatic stories and personalities of the court. Let's face it, you read about the Abbasids because you want to know how the slave girl Khayzuran not only managed to marry the caliph but to quell a military revolt, why her son Harun al-Rashid was immortalized in The Arabian Nights, and why the all-powerful Barmakid family suddenly fell from grace to prison and execution. Kennedy brings the caliphs and their families to life. He's up front about the fact that the book is about aristocrats, but the common people of Baghdad, the "pickpockets and sellers of cheap sweets" who fought back when their city was besieged, and the middle class who developed Islamic tradition dance around the edge of the narrative.Kennedy doesn't believe everything he reads, and doesn't think you will either. He repeats stories-like the "harem intrigue" tales, in which devious women are blamed for various deaths-that are almost certainly not true, but tell us something about the people who believed them, and are still enormously entertaining. He also is frank about the same-sex relationships, male and female, that were a part of the era's culture, without the awkwardness of many modern historians. And he's smart enough to explain the geography-why southern Iraq could support such a fabulously wealthy monarchy, and why the Afghanistan/NE Iran region was so critical to the faraway Middle East-in a way an American can understand. Very rare for books on Islamic history, the book boasts an excellent map, naming both cities and regions-invaluable for a hapless Westerner who doesn't know where the major cities of Iran are today, never mind where long-gone kingdoms like Yamama and Ushrusana used to be. There's also a surprisingly good index (another rarity).Kennedy doesn't believe everything he reads, and doesn't think you will either. He repeats stories-like the "harem intrigue" tales, in which devious women are blamed for various deaths-that are almost certainly not true, but tell us something about the people who believed them, and are still enormously entertaining. He also is frank about the same-sex relationships, male and female, that were a part of the era's culture, without the awkwardness of many modern historians. And he's smart enough to explain the geography-why southern Iraq could support such a fabulously wealthy monarchy, and why the Afghanistan/NE Iran region was so critical to the faraway Middle East-in a way an American can understand. Very rare for books on Islamic history, the book boasts an excellent map, naming both cities and regions-invaluable for a hapless Westerner who doesn't know where the major cities of Iran are today, never mind where long-gone kingdoms like Yamama and Ushrusana used to be. There's also a surprisingly good index (another rarity).The book isn't flawless. Kennedy twice awkwardly interrupts his straightforward account of political events with fascinating chapters on aspects of court culture-palaces, poetry, science, and (my favorite) women's lives. Unfortunately, this structure means the reader learns about the palace Mutawakkil built before she knows enough about him to care, and doesn't hear anything about Ma'mun patronage of scientific research until long after he's dead in the main narrative. The last chapter goes into far too much detail about the depressing downfall of the dynasty, short-changing a more interesting discussion about its legacy. But all in all Kennedy does a great job, and I for one plan down to hunt down his earlier books.The book isn't flawless. Kennedy twice awkwardly interrupts his straightforward account of political events with fascinating chapters on aspects of court culture-palaces, poetry, science, and (my favorite) women's lives. Unfortunately, this structure means the reader learns about the palace Mutawakkil built before she knows enough about him to care, and doesn't hear anything about Ma'mun patronage of scientific research until long after he's dead in the main narrative. The last chapter goes into far too much detail about the depressing downfall of the dynasty, short-changing a more interesting discussion about its legacy. But all in all Kennedy does a great job, and I for one plan down to hunt down his earlier books.If you know nothing about Islamic history and want an accessible introduction to an fascinating period, or like me know a little and want to learn more, I highly recommend this book
 With all the sensationalism and relentless obfuscation of the realities of life by the media I found this an exhillarating and thought provoking book.  There's more..., but I'm sure you'll read and revisit this book again and again once it's prominently displayed on your bookshelf.  Worth every penny...
 Pamela Jaye Smith has an incredible talent for inspiring writers to dig deep into the core of their characters, which invariably leads them to discovering their own personal nuggets of truth. She has an encyclopedic knowledge of mythology, spirituality and metaphysics. Yet her real gift is being able to relate all of this amazing information in an entertaining and clear manner so that it's easy to understand. The book is very well organized and packed with all kinds of valuable treasures.  I highly recommend it
 In this study Demos examines family life as it was for the Pilgrims who came over on the Mayflower, before they joined with the Massachusetts Bay Colony. The book is in three main sections: the physical setting (housing, furnishings, and clothing); the structure of the household (family connections, including servants); and individual development (childhood, coming of age, and old age). The most striking thing is how all aspects of communal life were controlled by the Court: although laws were not draconian, they spelled out how one was to conduct his or her life pretty thoroughly. Mess up and you would be punished. But it's also true that people were not that different back then, either: parents still cared for their children and worried about their futures by making provisions for them; families were at the core of society's welfare; even women were given rights denied them in the mother country. It's interesting that even these first settlers saw the American continent as a vast area just waiting to be colonized, and one of the biggest problems facing the authorities was how to keep settlers from wanting to spread out too far from Plymouth itself, thus weakening communal ties. A highly recommended book
 This book is a big hit with my PRE-K class! I was pleasantly surprised at how responsive and attentive they were while I was reading this. They have memorized most of the book. They all loved it! An excellent resource for teaching about diversity and various cultures! I'd definitely recommend reading this book to/with ages four through maybe second grade
 Since almost all of my good girl friends (including myself) have gone through nasty breakups lately, I have become much like the Gideons in that I have practically resorted to buying a case full of these fabulous books and carrying them around in my trunk, distributing them to my poor,  heartbroken friends. It is the perfect thing to read when you're in that  post-breakup stay-in-bed-in-your-pyjamas-and-eat-ice-cream stage.  Beautiful, beautiful work. If all you have to complain about this book is  that you didn't learn how to properly can, you're missing the point. Pay  the extra 5 bucks and spring for the lovely hardcover -- it's worth it. I  cannot say enough wonderful things about this scrumptious, funny, simple  little insightful jewel! Mwah
 I really enjoyed this work. Didnt know this guy won a Pulitzer but it figures. I was swept away by the imagery created by this master. It was evocative of Cooper (although he surpasses Cooper), and McMurtry and the guy who wrote &quot;all the pretty horses&quot;. The &quot;master&quot; can always create the world to drown the reader in - this guy is great - I plan to read the whole series..
 In a hobby filled with opinions, this was a one-stop shop for beginning to up-and-running of my first large aquarium. It was exactly what I was looking for in a book of this nature. I'm not going to say it's the best, worst or in between because it's the only one of this nature I bought. Since then, of course, like most folks, I've read web sites, talked to others in the hobby and formed my own opinions. But the reason I bought this book was to cut through the confusion and get started and for that, it was terrific. Could have used a bit more on fish and plants and that's the reason for 4 stars instead of 5. Next revision, he should throw in a bit more on the fish he picks, offer some alternatives within the scenarios he set up
 Anna Anderson/ AnastasiaAnna Anderson/ Anastasia I have researched this great mystery for some time now and I have concluded that the woman, Anna Anderson, could not have been an imposter. Not only did she never give any signs of playing a part, but she was in posession of all sorts of little facts and information that no one on the outside could have known. She knew of Gleb Botkin's paintings before he even came to see her, she knew exactly what she and her sister Tatiana had been doing while WWI was being declared for Russia (this was confirmed by Dr. Rudnev who was visiting Russia and saw Anastasia and Tatiana at that time), she had intimate knowledge of every single royal house in Europe, and could recognize her royal cousins- sight unseen- by their voices alone. One must wonder how a demented Polish farming girl could do that. Aside from just her character, there the many scars and lacerations on her body, as well as the bunions on her feet identical to Anastasia and the cautorized mole on the shoulder which was verified to have been on the young Anastasia as well by a standart officer who did not even support Anna Anderson's claim. For over six decades, Royal cousins and friends to Anastasia would try and trip this woman up with tricks. They would misstate things just to see if she would catch them and she always would. It is virtually impossible for someone to go 65 years without ever being caught in a mistake. Anna had people such as Alexei Volkov and Alexadra Tegleva in tears after having met her because they were so touched. No one has ever yet attempted to explain why Ambassador Zahle and Grand Duke Andrew's papers are still kept secret, why Doris Wingender touched up her photographs in court, or why Pierre Gilliard had his scandalous midnight 'burning' of evidence. To this day, anthropologists who compare Anna Anderson's face, ears, and handwriting specimens to the young girl she claimed to be declare with certainty that the "two" women are the same.    The Franziska Schanzkowska story is clearly a lie from beginning to end. Anna Anderson was several inches shorter than Franziska Schanzkowska, wore a size shoe three inches smaller, was not mentally insane like Franziska, she spoke a bad German while FS spoke German as her first language, and could understand Russian. The Schanzkowska siblings did not understand a word of Russian when spoken to them. AA clearly understood Russian. Anderson also gave birth to a child. There is no record of Franziska ever having a child. Recent documents also show that Schanzkowska was never injured in the grenade explosion which supposedly infliced the wounds on Anna Anderson's body. The DNA tests have won the hour, but I hope the future will see the release of Ambassador Zahle and GD Andrew's papers to cast even more doubt on this. Richard Schweitzer's switch theory is very probable given the doubts about the identification with Schanzkowska as well as the security measures which were not that good at Martha Jefferson Hospital during the complicated court battle between Marina Botkin Schweitzer and the Russian Nobiltiy Association. According to Massie's book, one researcher was even allowed access to the intestinal tissue during this time. Is it reasonable that the Royal families would ignore the fact that Anna Anderson was about to recieve recognition as the Tsar's daughter after they had been fighting to disprove her all her life?    In any case, the body of Anastasia is still missing, although in Russia there lies a body under the coffin which reads 'Anastasia' measuring 5'7, despite the fact that Anastasia was the shortest of her sisters. If this isn't reason enough to be suspicious that there is some sort of agenda, I don't know what is. I'm afraid however that the body lies in the ashes spread over Castle Seeon under the stone which reads, "Anastasia Manahan 1901-1984".    To end this, I will quote Empress Alexandra's best friend (aside from Anna Vyrobouva) Lili Dehn, who met Anna Anderson in 1957(?) and declared, "Don't bother to tell me she has read these things in books. I have recognized her physically and intuitively, through signs which do not decieve. What can I say after having known her? I could not have been mistaken."   To end this, I will quote Empress Alexandra's best friend (aside from Anna Vyrobouva) Lili Dehn, who met Anna Anderson in 1957(?) and declared, "Don't bother to tell me she has read these things in books. I have recognized her physically and intuitively, through signs which do not decieve. What can I say after having known her? I could not have been mistaken."This is to explain my conviction that Anna Anderson was Anastasia. I think there is something about the DNA we do not know. This is to explain my conviction that Anna Anderson was Anastasia. I think there is something about the DNA we do not know. The File on the Tsar- 2002 edition... p. 362 The File on the Tsar- 2002 edition... p. 362 'Nearly fifty years ago, Anna Anderson told a story about a sketch she and her sister had put on to amuse their parents during their confinement in Tobolsk. She played a male part, she 'recalled', and and had to borrow a man's dressing-gown. At a pivotal moment in the play, a freak draught made the dressing gown billow up around their thighs, revealing that she was wearing the tsar's long-johns- against the bitter cold of the Siberian winter. The family, said Anna Anderson, had hooted with laughter. The only witnesses from the imperial household who would have been present at that scene, and who are known to have survived, were the two family tutors-both foreigners. One was the English tutor, Sydney Gibbes, and his memoirs were published for the first time in 1975. They include this account of an incident during amatuer theatricals in Tobolsk. "The cast," Gibbes wrote, "had its happiest night with an Edwardian farce by Henry Grattan, called 'Packing Up', ... Anastasia took the male part... at the end of the farce the 'Husband' had to turn his back, open his Dressing-gown as if to take it off- Anastasia used an old one of mine... but a draught got under the gown and whisked its tail up to the middle of her back, showing her sturdy legs and bottom encased Emperor Jaguer's underwear...' So far as exhaustive research can establish, only Anna Anderson had ever before told this vivid ancedote, in private and three decades before the Gibbes memoirs appeared. If Anderson was a phoney, as the seemingly damning DNA evidence now tells us, how did she know the story? That was one of the myriad puzzles that believers in Anna Anderson had to confront when the scientists delivered their verdict. Ian Lilburn, a research historian and the only observer to attend every session of the "Anastasia" appeal process in the German courts, had a calmer response than some. "I think," he said, knowing he sounded like a Luddite and Romanov flat-earther, " there is something we don't know about the DNA." That was one of the myriad puzzles that believers in Anna Anderson had to confront when the scientists delivered their verdict. Ian Lilburn, a research historian and the only observer to attend every session of the "Anastasia" appeal process in the German courts, had a calmer response than some. "I think," he said, knowing he sounded like a Luddite and Romanov flat-earther, " there is something we don't know about the DNA." That was one of the myriad puzzles that believers in Anna Anderson had to confront when the scientists delivered their verdict. Ian Lilburn, a research historian and the only observer to attend every session of the "Anastasia" appeal process in the German courts, had a calmer response than some. "I think," he said, knowing he sounded like a Luddite and Romanov flat-earther, " there is something we don't know about the DNA." Maybe after reading you can understand why some of us don't believe the DNA was Anna Anderson's, and why we don't believe she was the tall, size '36 shoe wearing Franziska Schanzkowska who could not have had such exclusive info if she were an imposter.Maybe after reading you can understand why some of us don't believe the DNA was Anna Anderson's, and why we don't believe she was the tall, size '36 shoe wearing Franziska Schanzkowska who could not have had such exclusive info if she were an imposter.Maybe after reading you can understand why some of us don't believe the DNA was Anna Anderson's, and why we don't believe she was the tall, size '36 shoe wearing Franziska Schanzkowska who could not have had such exclusive info if she were an imposter.
 It's been around two years since I first read this book, and i must say i reference it to people all the time.  the reason: it is so darn fascinating.  i really liked how the author put things in context and made me think about media forms and how we transfer data.  if i gave you an 8-track tape right now, would you know what to do with it to get the info contained on it?  younger folks might not know what it is.  they would recognize tape (maybe), but 100 years from now, how many players would be around?  the book talks about a project the author was on.  a nuclear waste site in new mexico needed to have a way to communicate to humans (or others) in the future that the site is radioactive.  since the radiation could last 10,000 years, the message would have to be able to be understood centuries from now.  what would the message be like?  if you read the book you'll find out!  lots of different ideas are kicked around and i just couldn't put the book down.  buy it, have fun
 As an adult I picked this up for my teen daughter and read through it and laughed and truly valued the advice within and wished I had it when I was a teen.  Also a lot of this advice will work for any age.  I loved the advice for falling down the stairs
 Harvey Mackay was one of the first authors I had read on how to run a business.  The book is written in an entertaining manner, and contains a great deal of fantastic advice. Harvey Mackay was one of the first authors I had read on how to run a business.  The book is written in an entertaining manner, and contains a great deal of fantastic advice. To this day, friends who were around me when I read this book in college will quote parts of it back to me.  To this day, friends who were around me when I read this book in college will quote parts of it back to me.  It contains tidbits of guidance, some great, some small.  All good. 
 Things are going swimmingly in Fish! land. In the latest volume, Fish! Tales, authors Stephen C. Lundin, John Christensen, Harry Paul and Philip Strand build on the successful training program that evolved from their first Fish book. Tales shows how four companies - a long-distance call center; a hospital neural-renal unit, a car dealership and a roofing company - have applied Fish! theories effectively. They also provide short examples from other companies to show how well the Fish! function. The four main principles are familiar by now - keep the work fun, seek to serve others, stay focused on your customers and have an enthusiastic attitude - but the examples in the book bring them alive. Along the way, the authors heavily sell their Fish! courses and merchandise - that's just good salesmanship - but the real catch of the day is the final how-to section, showing ways to apply these principles in any organization. The lively writing style helps keep you hooked. We suggest that if you haven't yet caught any Fish!, start with this one. Its cheery, accessible methods should lure you in, hook, line and sinker
 While some may think that good work should be "readable and enjoyable,"  great work is meant to elevate us. Stun us, amaze us, fill us with wonder.  Otherwise, See Spot Run would be a masterpiece.  While some may think that good work should be "readable and enjoyable,"  great work is meant to elevate us. Stun us, amaze us, fill us with wonder.  Otherwise, See Spot Run would be a masterpiece.  William Faulkner is a writer the likes of which we may never see again.  He is not only brilliant of word but of concept.  He creates a picture not only by text, but by context and form.  In many ways, his works sculpt.  How else would we see things from the vistas of the characters, especially those who can't speak but by setting and demonstration?William Faulkner is a writer the likes of which we may never see again.  He is not only brilliant of word but of concept.  He creates a picture not only by text, but by context and form.  In many ways, his works sculpt.  How else would we see things from the vistas of the characters, especially those who can't speak but by setting and demonstration?One reviewer cursed his conveyance of emotion by "using big words."  Writing is the art of language interplay, the use of beautiful and succinct language.  Faulkner uses language that most of us have never heard of but when we take the time to look up that language, the effect is stunning and makes the experience all the more worth it.One reviewer cursed his conveyance of emotion by "using big words."  Writing is the art of language interplay, the use of beautiful and succinct language.  Faulkner uses language that most of us have never heard of but when we take the time to look up that language, the effect is stunning and makes the experience all the more worth it. 
 The Reviewers above and below warn that the novel is difficult to read.  If you a person of average intelligence, all you need is a character list and a careful reading and you will have absolutely no problem finding your way through the greatest novel ever written.  (It's an incredibly easy read the second time around.)  The Reviewers above and below warn that the novel is difficult to read.  If you a person of average intelligence, all you need is a character list and a careful reading and you will have absolutely no problem finding your way through the greatest novel ever written.  (It's an incredibly easy read the second time around.)  The Sound and the Fury is a summation of Faulkner's works.  Everything that is done in the rest of his novels was first done in The Sound and the Fury.  The Sound and the Fury is poignant and tragic.  It is monumental in its mythical power.  It is Southern and yet it is universal.  It is Faulkner's triumph as a novelist.  It is a study of human consciousness, perception, and existence.  The novel follows the decline and eventual fall of the Compson family.  In Faulkner's world of Yoknapatawpha County, the Compsons and Sartorises, the Sutpens and de Spains, in other words, the established old families of Jefferson declined as the invasive and unethical Snopes, portraits of the modern businessman, ascended to power.  The story is an intimate portrayal of the Compsons, and yet it is a symbolic and mythical account of decline and tragedy.  Why is it the greatest novel ever written?  It takes the innovations in narrative technique as developed by Joyce and Woolf in the movements of European Modernism (which it does better and with more purpose than Joyce and Woolf) and combines them with an exploration of storytelling and an intense devotion to a portrayal of place and region.  The story is great and moving.  The characters are loveable, hateable, tragic, and intensely vivid.  The place is conceived and presented with taxing reality.  The language, as with all of Faulkner's novels, is at times soaring and at times quite terse.  The structure is perfectly balanced and symbolically paired with the passion of Christ (the three days are Good Friday, Holy Saturday, and Easter Sunday).  In short, it is the paradigmatic example of what literature can (and should) do; even the greatest of literary feats stand in its shadow
 While on maternity leave from Cambridge University and with her husband away handling a legal matter in Los Angeles, Professor Cassandra James meets her neighbor actress Melissa Meadows and her spouse Keith Kingleigh.  Melissa and Cassandra share an affinity since both recently gave birth prematurely.  Kevin is going to direct a production starring Melissa.  He asks Cassandra to adapt the Victorian drama East Lynn, which she agrees to do.While on maternity leave from Cambridge University and with her husband away handling a legal matter in Los Angeles, Professor Cassandra James meets her neighbor actress Melissa Meadows and her spouse Keith Kingleigh.  Melissa and Cassandra share an affinity since both recently gave birth prematurely.  Kevin is going to direct a production starring Melissa.  He asks Cassandra to adapt the Victorian drama East Lynn, which she agrees to do.As opening night beckons, Cassandra notices the cast seems extra nervous.  Later an anxious Melissa calls Cassandra believing that someone is stalking her.  Cassandra tries to calm her down.  The next day Melissa fails to appear for a rehearsal so Cassandra goes to visit her.  Melissa is gone without a word, but abandoned her six month old baby that she had shown so much love.  With her own fussy infant at her side, Cassandra wonders what happened to her new friend while unable to contact Stephen, dealing with the abrupt arrival of her first husband, and Detective Sergeant Vickers suspecting the professor killed the actress.As opening night beckons, Cassandra notices the cast seems extra nervous.  Later an anxious Melissa calls Cassandra believing that someone is stalking her.  Cassandra tries to calm her down.  The next day Melissa fails to appear for a rehearsal so Cassandra goes to visit her.  Melissa is gone without a word, but abandoned her six month old baby that she had shown so much love.  With her own fussy infant at her side, Cassandra wonders what happened to her new friend while unable to contact Stephen, dealing with the abrupt arrival of her first husband, and Detective Sergeant Vickers suspecting the professor killed the actress.STAGE FRIGHT, the second Professor James tale (see MURDER IS ACADEMIC), is a fabulous amateur sleuth mystery that builds up the suspense slowly so that the reader like the heroine suspects everyone's motives.  Either foul play occurred or Melissa had played the role of a loving mother, but Cassandra cannot find a motive for either scenario while the evidence points towards her so that even the audience will believe she harmed or murdered the actress.  This is a fantastic English mystery in the Christie tradition.STAGE FRIGHT, the second Professor James tale (see MURDER IS ACADEMIC), is a fabulous amateur sleuth mystery that builds up the suspense slowly so that the reader like the heroine suspects everyone's motives.  Either foul play occurred or Melissa had played the role of a loving mother, but Cassandra cannot find a motive for either scenario while the evidence points towards her so that even the audience will believe she harmed or murdered the actress.  This is a fantastic English mystery in the Christie tradition.Harriet Klausner
 I was a little disappointed. Maybe I should have shopped through a book store.
 Michael Hauge is not only a master at helping you elicit emotion from your story, he now also shows you how to do it in 60 seconds and generate nothing but excitement for your project
 I REALLY enjoyed this book.  I thought the movie incorporated most of the good parts in the book.  There were some character changes and some additional characters in the book, but I don't think they hurt the story line by trimming here and there.  I read the book after seeing the movie - I always wondered what the movie had been based on.  I love baseball, and I think the book was great
 This novel is more enjoyable than the Flanders Panel, but still not up to the level of the Fencing Master or his recent series, the Captain Alatriste books. The characters are well drawn, the setting comes alive, and the story flows. There are a few sections of the book that need some more editing to make them a bit more crisp, but I cannot tell if that is due to the translation or is in the original. The only real disappointment came when I finished the book:  I wish there was a follow-up
 There's plenty of money to be made in the coffee business and if your dream is to get out there and run a coffee bar, you're in luck: Complete Idiot's Guide To Starting & Running A Coffee Bar provides all the basics on how to do so. From what it's really like to run a coffee bar to legal issues, sales, shop equipment choices, kitchen layout and more, much of the book is very specific to the coffee industry and provides a wealth of specific business advice.
 All kinds of creme brulees.  This is an outstanding cookbook on a one style of dessert and has many varieties and helps and serving suggestions.  Favorite is the chocolate box presentation suggestion.  Everyone seems to go for creme brulee
 Jiraishin is completely new cop drama. There's no extremely humane hero.And no beauty as his partner. But I felt a lot of touching emotions by  this.It's really interesting
 People were looking for a book that could grab them about Nam when this was a best seller in 1972, and this book has details that people were not getting from television or the front page of newspapers in those days.  Magazines that published book reviews typically had a view of Nam that was tuned more to the nuance of individual points of view than the geopolitical justifications which failed to consider the nature of the situation in Nam itself as a primary consideration.  Portions of this book originally appeared in `The New Yorker,' so the author was becoming widely known as this book was being prepared.  Frances FitzGerald's original trip to Vietnam was in February to November of 1966, and resulted in articles for the `Atlantic Monthly,' the `Village Voice,' `Vogue,' etc.  People who read fashion magazines were particularly interested in what a nice girl might think of a situation like Nam, where large numbers of young Americans were being subjected to a military view of the situation on a personal level so intense that most publications would refrain from printing the kind of expressions which naturally describe the emotional shock of being shot at or booby trapped in some more surprising fashion.People were looking for a book that could grab them about Nam when this was a best seller in 1972, and this book has details that people were not getting from television or the front page of newspapers in those days.  Magazines that published book reviews typically had a view of Nam that was tuned more to the nuance of individual points of view than the geopolitical justifications which failed to consider the nature of the situation in Nam itself as a primary consideration.  Portions of this book originally appeared in `The New Yorker,' so the author was becoming widely known as this book was being prepared.  Frances FitzGerald's original trip to Vietnam was in February to November of 1966, and resulted in articles for the `Atlantic Monthly,' the `Village Voice,' `Vogue,' etc.  People who read fashion magazines were particularly interested in what a nice girl might think of a situation like Nam, where large numbers of young Americans were being subjected to a military view of the situation on a personal level so intense that most publications would refrain from printing the kind of expressions which naturally describe the emotional shock of being shot at or booby trapped in some more surprising fashion.This book is not perfect.  The only listing for `Tonkin Gulf Resolution' in the index is for the page on which President Johnson's use of the Resolution is questioned by Senator Fulbright in 1966.  That was the time this book is mainly concerned with, but it gives an enormous amount of background information.  It is possible to find a listing in the index under ` GVN' for `and U.S. entry into the war, 354' which gives the page that reflects Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara's testimony to Congress that:This book is not perfect.  The only listing for `Tonkin Gulf Resolution' in the index is for the page on which President Johnson's use of the Resolution is questioned by Senator Fulbright in 1966.  That was the time this book is mainly concerned with, but it gives an enormous amount of background information.  It is possible to find a listing in the index under ` GVN' for `and U.S. entry into the war, 354' which gives the page that reflects Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara's testimony to Congress that:"It was in response to an amphibious sabotage raid by GVN forces that North Vietnamese PT boats attacked the U.S. destroyer Maddox, mistaking it for one of the South Vietnamese vessels."  (pp. 352-353)."It was in response to an amphibious sabotage raid by GVN forces that North Vietnamese PT boats attacked the U.S. destroyer Maddox, mistaking it for one of the South Vietnamese vessels."  (pp. 352-353).Actually, the OPLAN 34A attacks along the Gulf of Tonkin coastline were operations planned and approved in Washington, D.C., and McNamara lied about South Vietnamese operations to maintain the secret status of U.S. operations, during which the North Vietnamese PT boats were responding to recoilless rifle fire from a small boat when American intelligence informed the Maddox that it was about to be attacked.  Radio intercepts of North Vietnamese naval messages on August 4, 1964, were used to convince LBJ and Senators that an attack had occurred when two American destroyers were picking up radar ghosts and sonar readings off the reflection of a hard-turned rudder, as shown by subsequent tests.  Edwin E. Moise's book, TONKIN GULF AND THE ESCALATION OF THE VIETNAM WAR has much more information about that secret circus stunt.Actually, the OPLAN 34A attacks along the Gulf of Tonkin coastline were operations planned and approved in Washington, D.C., and McNamara lied about South Vietnamese operations to maintain the secret status of U.S. operations, during which the North Vietnamese PT boats were responding to recoilless rifle fire from a small boat when American intelligence informed the Maddox that it was about to be attacked.  Radio intercepts of North Vietnamese naval messages on August 4, 1964, were used to convince LBJ and Senators that an attack had occurred when two American destroyers were picking up radar ghosts and sonar readings off the reflection of a hard-turned rudder, as shown by subsequent tests.  Edwin E. Moise's book, TONKIN GULF AND THE ESCALATION OF THE VIETNAM WAR has much more information about that secret circus stunt.Jeffrey Kimball's recent book, THE VIETNAM WAR FILES:  UNCOVERING THE SECRET HISTORY OF NIXON-ERA STRATEGY, contains a reference to the author of this book in a Memorandum by Dwight Chapin to Haldeman, January 18, 1973, about a month after heavy bombing near or in Hanoi to get some ceasefire agreement signed, hoping it could be called `The Peace Announcement' (p. 288) and attempting to describe a point of view different from what intellectuals were expecting.Jeffrey Kimball's recent book, THE VIETNAM WAR FILES:  UNCOVERING THE SECRET HISTORY OF NIXON-ERA STRATEGY, contains a reference to the author of this book in a Memorandum by Dwight Chapin to Haldeman, January 18, 1973, about a month after heavy bombing near or in Hanoi to get some ceasefire agreement signed, hoping it could be called `The Peace Announcement' (p. 288) and attempting to describe a point of view different from what intellectuals were expecting."The FitzGeralds and the Fondas, the Halberstams and Harrimans, the Clarks and Ellsbergs and Baezes are poised in the wings just waiting to treat the end of the war as their victory and to so opine from coast to coast."  (Kimball, p. 291)."The FitzGeralds and the Fondas, the Halberstams and Harrimans, the Clarks and Ellsbergs and Baezes are poised in the wings just waiting to treat the end of the war as their victory and to so opine from coast to coast."  (Kimball, p. 291).I have the First Vintage Books Edition, August 1973, which was after Dwight Chapin's Memorandum, but I am not sure if American bombing in Cambodia had ended when the actual paper in this book was printed on.  There are only six lines of listings in the index for Cambodia, mostly on general issues, but the week I spent there was hardly earth-shaking.  Of more interest to me was the report in FIRE IN THE LAKE about the An Lao valley, where the battalion 1/12th Infantry from the 4th Infantry Division spent the months from September, 1969 to January, 1970.  I believe this was our first free fire zone, with a base high above a village that had been destroyed, surrounded by paddies in which elephant grass was growing instead of rice, but enemy soldiers were found harvesting highland rice on the hillsides.  Enemy contact was the only kind we had, after all other possibilities had been eliminated in the manner described in this book.I have the First Vintage Books Edition, August 1973, which was after Dwight Chapin's Memorandum, but I am not sure if American bombing in Cambodia had ended when the actual paper in this book was printed on.  There are only six lines of listings in the index for Cambodia, mostly on general issues, but the week I spent there was hardly earth-shaking.  Of more interest to me was the report in FIRE IN THE LAKE about the An Lao valley, where the battalion 1/12th Infantry from the 4th Infantry Division spent the months from September, 1969 to January, 1970.  I believe this was our first free fire zone, with a base high above a village that had been destroyed, surrounded by paddies in which elephant grass was growing instead of rice, but enemy soldiers were found harvesting highland rice on the hillsides.  Enemy contact was the only kind we had, after all other possibilities had been eliminated in the manner described in this book."In Operation Masher/White Wing alone--a multi-regimental sweep through the north of Binh Dinh province--the Allied forces, by the estimates, destroyed an entire enemy division.  In the process they left hundreds of civilians dead and wounded and `generated' so many refugees as almost to depopulate the fertile An Loa valley."  (p. 405)."In Operation Masher/White Wing alone--a multi-regimental sweep through the north of Binh Dinh province--the Allied forces, by the estimates, destroyed an entire enemy division.  In the process they left hundreds of civilians dead and wounded and `generated' so many refugees as almost to depopulate the fertile An Loa valley."  (p. 405)."While the American troops opened roads and `cleared' great stretches of territory, the Front guerrillas came back into every area except those heavily garrisoned by U.S. troops.  By the end of 1966 the NLF continued to govern the An Lao valley as well as the suburbs of Da Nang, Hue, Nha Trang, and Saigon."  (p. 406)."While the American troops opened roads and `cleared' great stretches of territory, the Front guerrillas came back into every area except those heavily garrisoned by U.S. troops.  By the end of 1966 the NLF continued to govern the An Lao valley as well as the suburbs of Da Nang, Hue, Nha Trang, and Saigon."  (p. 406).There is only one line in the index for Frantz Fanon, but anyone who is interested in how FitzGerald saw a link between revolution against colonial powers in African and Arab countries and the situation in Nam, "including the belief in Fate and the symbolic killing of self, which he called `the behavior patterns of avoidance. . . . the sudden crime waves that spread through the cities, the tribal warfare, and the fierce, irrational feuding of the native sects.  As he explained them, . . ."  (p.509).  You wouldn't want to believe how true the stuff in this book could be today
 This was the very first Jonathan Kellerman book I had ever read.  This is by far the best one he ever wrote.  I don't think that I have ever read a book so riveting and suspensful.  It's like watching a top notch horror/mystery movie.  This has got to be my most favorite book of any by anyone.  I still recommend it to people after reading it quite a few years ago now.  I give this book a 5++++ star rating
 Those interested in American art of the last century will find great pleasure in reading this book. Chicago and New York are the centers from which Katharine Kuh radiated. As a museum curator, art dealer, and published critic, she was personally close to many of the modern masters. In this book, she provides short but telling stories about their work and lives. I especially liked the chapters on Rothko, Tobey and Noguchi.Those interested in American art of the last century will find great pleasure in reading this book. Chicago and New York are the centers from which Katharine Kuh radiated. As a museum curator, art dealer, and published critic, she was personally close to many of the modern masters. In this book, she provides short but telling stories about their work and lives. I especially liked the chapters on Rothko, Tobey and Noguchi.Disparate side characters, such as Judge Learned Hand and LBJ, pop up and add further to the value of Ms. Kuh's memoir. Avis Berman has done a great service to all those interested in the history of twentieth century American art by completing the memoirs of Katharine Kuh. The author's reflections have been preserved in a form, while still true to the author, that is likely better than had the elderly Ms. Kuh herself remained alive to complete the job. Notes to the text and a more complete description of Katharine Kuh's personal background are some of the very much-appreciated work accomplished by Ms. Berman
 If you're an easily offended religious fanatic who's always looking for the vaguest insult or contradiction to your beliefs... I guess you shouldn't read this. (Actually, you could probably read this one and just skip the sequels.)If you're an easily offended religious fanatic who's always looking for the vaguest insult or contradiction to your beliefs... I guess you shouldn't read this. (Actually, you could probably read this one and just skip the sequels.)But if you're anyone else (of any age) who enjoys a really awesome story with great characters, adventure, danger, fantastic visual writing, and not a single boring moment, (well... it might take a little effort to get past the beginning, but that's coming from a really impatient reader) then yeah. Go for it. Because there's just nothing that compares
 I was so impressed with this book that I wrote the following letter to its author:I was so impressed with this book that I wrote the following letter to its author:I just completed your book Time Tactics of Very Successful People.  The book is truly a masterpiece, and I have found it immeasurably helpful in my ongoing pursuit to become the best person that I can be.  Your book is full of wisdom and great ideas, the value of which is many times the price I paid for the book.  I have read the works of personal development legends like Napoleon Hill, Brian Tracy, W. Clement Stone, Tony Robbins, Mark Victor Hansen and others and have benefited from all of them, but I really enjoyed reading your book because I found that you offered some fresh ideas that these other great men did not. I am sure that the extraordinary concepts your book provides will enrich my spirit, enlighten my mind, and serve as conduits for achieving my goals for the rest of my life. I really liked the way that you ended the book.  The quote you gave from Earl Nightengale perfectly reflects my philosophy for successful living, but helped me crystallize my thinking in a way that has helped refines my philosophy further.   Thanks again for providing the world such a valuable resource, a guide which I am certain has helped and will continue to help many others to live happier, more productive, and more peaceful lives.Thanks again for providing the world such a valuable resource, a guide which I am certain has helped and will continue to help many others to live happier, more productive, and more peaceful lives.
 I bought this for my classroom bookshelf. I teach 7th grade science and my kids fight with each other to read it
 Although I have been writing code for a few years, this was my first foray into AI programming. I find the examples easy to understand. Everything is very well written and the example code is well documented. I could not have asked for a better book.
 I was at the SFMOMA to see her YES exhibition, and exactly what I expected, I was overwhelmed with delight... Her art is whimsically amazing. Her music touches your heart and soul. Seeing all the people there that day, I was glad that Yoko is finally getting all the respect she deserves, after all these years... Also caught her live performance at the Los Angeles's Roxy almost 6 years ago just took my breath away. I truly think she's one of the true visionaries of our time
 I loved this book!   I picked it up on a whim at the airport, and couldn't put it down for the entire flight. Now I'm telling all my friends to get it.  Not only does it have tips about playing cards, but it's just a flatout pageturning thriller.  You keep wondering where this guy's life is going to lead him next.  Very suspenseful and funny too.  Highly recommended. 
 This book brings together, pratical budget concerns with fashion, which are often in two totally different universes. Not worlds, universes.  In the fashionista there is everything from how to get wine out of a shirt to when to know if you should splurge on a coat. In the worlds of increase American debt, this book should be on everyshelf in America!  It is light portable and she is extremely funny!  Two thumbs up
 I don't know if I wold be willing to leave bags of blood at the bookstore,  like the previous reviewer suggested, but it's a great book.  Everyone  should read it
 the best book i read in the past year.  the truth hurts
 This is a great book for anyone who wants a old world country feel to their home. The illustrations are beautiful and the decorating advice is thoughtfully planned out
 ..."First Grade Takes a Test&#8221; is an excellent, multicultural book that should be in every elementary classroom, especially Kindergarten thru 3rd grades...For it&#8217;s use in demonstrating that the really important things in life aren&#8217;t measurable, and even as a tool for helping students understand and interpret poorly worded questions (and there will always be a handful of them on any standardized test), the book is invaluable.  Highly recommended from this early childhood teacher
 If I were to choose the two best novels by this author, they would be The Nautical Chart and The Queen of the South.  The Fencing Master, by comparison, isn't as lively or as intellectually thrilling -- but it is a chewy read.  I particularly loved the characterization of Don Jaime as an older man realizing what he has lost in his life. 
 Most people are in awe of the "classic." However, a book does not pick that title on the whim of a professor of arcane texts, rather a book gains such when it constantly and consistently speaks about the human condition. Classics do not only thrill and teach, they also live.The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas is a classic.This tale of accusal, love, betrayal, imprisonment, redemption, and retribution, defies genre. Recounting the plot serves no purpose, so I will simply surmise that most readers focus on vengeance at the expense of reward. Edmond Dantes could not have desired living just to kill those who wronged him; he expected to return to those who remained faithful. Here Dumas, using Dantes, Sinbad, Albert and Abbe Busoni, championed a nonviolent stoicism which exposes a person to death to experience life.The Count of Monte Cristo is a vivid potrayal of French life after the Revolution, an epic account of a man's quest for closure and an inspiration for the Shawshank Redemption. It is never too late to read it
  At 37, John Wade was Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. At 40, he ran for the U.S. Senate. He was heavily favored to win. At 41, he wasn't just beaten in the primary, he was crushed --- "loser by landslide." At 37, John Wade was Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. At 40, he ran for the U.S. Senate. He was heavily favored to win. At 41, he wasn't just beaten in the primary, he was crushed --- "loser by landslide."What happened?What happened?John Wade had a secret. As secrets will, it came out at the worst possible time. And, suddenly, he was no longer a rising star --- he was a war criminal, a killer of babies, a man to be shunned.John Wade had a secret. As secrets will, it came out at the worst possible time. And, suddenly, he was no longer a rising star --- he was a war criminal, a killer of babies, a man to be shunned.His secret was My Lai.His secret was My Lai.The Vietnam War is now so far from us, and American history --- especially the history of a war we lost --- is so sketchily taught, and some of you are so very young that I really ought to take a minute here and, in quick brushstrokes, relate what happened in a little Vietnam village on March 16, 1968.The Vietnam War is now so far from us, and American history --- especially the history of a war we lost --- is so sketchily taught, and some of you are so very young that I really ought to take a minute here and, in quick brushstrokes, relate what happened in a little Vietnam village on March 16, 1968.Better idea: let Tim O'Brien tell it. He arrived in Vietnam a year later, and served as a foot soldier there for a year. Got wounded, got traumatized, the whole deal. Here's his account:Better idea: let Tim O'Brien tell it. He arrived in Vietnam a year later, and served as a foot soldier there for a year. Got wounded, got traumatized, the whole deal. Here's his account:At approximately 7:30 on the morning, a company of roughly 115 American soldiers was inserted by helicopter just outside the village of My Lai. They met no resistance. No enemy. No incoming fire. Still, for the next four hours, Charlie Company killed whatever could be killed. They killed chickens. They killed dogs and cattle. They killed people, too. Lots of people. Women, infants, teen-agers, old men. The United States Army's Criminal Investigation Division compiled a list of 343 fatalities and an independent Army inquiry led by Lieut. Gen. William R. Peers estimated that the death count may have exceeded 400. At the Son My Memorial, a large tablet lists 504 names. According to Col. William Wilson, one of the original Army investigators, "The crimes visited on the inhabitants of Son My Village included individual and group acts of murder, rape, sodomy, maiming, assault on noncombatants and the mistreatment and killing of detainees."At approximately 7:30 on the morning, a company of roughly 115 American soldiers was inserted by helicopter just outside the village of My Lai. They met no resistance. No enemy. No incoming fire. Still, for the next four hours, Charlie Company killed whatever could be killed. They killed chickens. They killed dogs and cattle. They killed people, too. Lots of people. Women, infants, teen-agers, old men. The United States Army's Criminal Investigation Division compiled a list of 343 fatalities and an independent Army inquiry led by Lieut. Gen. William R. Peers estimated that the death count may have exceeded 400. At the Son My Memorial, a large tablet lists 504 names. According to Col. William Wilson, one of the original Army investigators, "The crimes visited on the inhabitants of Son My Village included individual and group acts of murder, rape, sodomy, maiming, assault on noncombatants and the mistreatment and killing of detainees."Eventually, after a cover-up that lasted more than a year and after the massacre made nationwide headlines, the Army's Criminal Investigation Division produced sufficient evidence to charge 30 men with war crimes. Of these, only a single soldier --- First Lieut. William Laws Calley, Jr. --- was ever convicted or spent time in prison. Found guilty of the premeditated murder of "not less than" 22 civilians, Calley was sentenced to life at hard labor, but after legal appeals and sentence reductions, his ultimate jail time amounted to three days in a stockade and four and a half months in prison.Eventually, after a cover-up that lasted more than a year and after the massacre made nationwide headlines, the Army's Criminal Investigation Division produced sufficient evidence to charge 30 men with war crimes. Of these, only a single soldier --- First Lieut. William Laws Calley, Jr. --- was ever convicted or spent time in prison. Found guilty of the premeditated murder of "not less than" 22 civilians, Calley was sentenced to life at hard labor, but after legal appeals and sentence reductions, his ultimate jail time amounted to three days in a stockade and four and a half months in prison.Terrible, terrible. (And ironic: Seymour Hersh, who broke the My Lai story, now writes about the Iraq War for The New Yorker.) But in fiction, O'Brien doesn't play judge and jury. John Wade may have been at My Lai and done terrible things there, but he found a way to live with his shame. And here's the remarkable thing --- Tim O'Brien bends over backward to see it Wade's way.Terrible, terrible. (And ironic: Seymour Hersh, who broke the My Lai story, now writes about the Iraq War for The New Yorker.) But in fiction, O'Brien doesn't play judge and jury. John Wade may have been at My Lai and done terrible things there, but he found a way to live with his shame. And here's the remarkable thing --- Tim O'Brien bends over backward to see it Wade's way.What I tell you now may seem like a plot "spoiler." It's not. "In the Lake of the Woods" is a mystery --- maybe even a thriller --- but it's totally innovative in form. That is, we know right off that something happened. The first question is: What happened? And then a gloomier question: Who did it?What I tell you now may seem like a plot "spoiler." It's not. "In the Lake of the Woods" is a mystery --- maybe even a thriller --- but it's totally innovative in form. That is, we know right off that something happened. The first question is: What happened? And then a gloomier question: Who did it?What we know: After the primary defeat, John Wade and his wife Kathy retreat to a cabin in the Lake of the Woods, a part of Northern Minnesota so remote that there's nothing but water and islands between it and Canada. Thirty-six hours later, Kathy disappears.What we know: After the primary defeat, John Wade and his wife Kathy retreat to a cabin in the Lake of the Woods, a part of Northern Minnesota so remote that there's nothing but water and islands between it and Canada. Thirty-six hours later, Kathy disappears.Did she flee?Did she flee?Did she drown?Did she drown?Did her husband --- reliving his Vietnam experience --- kill her and dump her body into the lake?Did her husband --- reliving his Vietnam experience --- kill her and dump her body into the lake?Not easy questions. And O'Brien doesn't answer them: "I tried to make each hypothesis plausible. John may have killed Kathy. Or Kathy may have run off with someone else. Or maybe she simply drowned. Or got lost in that vast wilderness. I believed in each hypothesis as I wrote it. I inserted evidence to support each hypothesis --- just as life itself gives us contradictory evidence about a great many things. But in the end, it's all a mystery, insoluble, beyond certainty."Not easy questions. And O'Brien doesn't answer them: "I tried to make each hypothesis plausible. John may have killed Kathy. Or Kathy may have run off with someone else. Or maybe she simply drowned. Or got lost in that vast wilderness. I believed in each hypothesis as I wrote it. I inserted evidence to support each hypothesis --- just as life itself gives us contradictory evidence about a great many things. But in the end, it's all a mystery, insoluble, beyond certainty."And to make it more mysterious, O'Brien tells the story from multiple perspectives. Offers testimony from many people. Cites historical documents. And then amps up the uncertainly by giving Wade a hobby --- magic.And to make it more mysterious, O'Brien tells the story from multiple perspectives. Offers testimony from many people. Cites historical documents. And then amps up the uncertainly by giving Wade a hobby --- magic.And maybe that's what it comes down to --- an ungainly kid, an abusive father, a need for approval that never got satisfied. As O'Brien writes:And maybe that's what it comes down to --- an ungainly kid, an abusive father, a need for approval that never got satisfied. As O'Brien writes:"A fat little kid doing magic in front of a stand-up mirror. 'Hey, kiddo, that's a good one,' his father could've said, but for reasons unknown, reasons mysterious, the words never got spoken. He had wanted to be loved. And to be loved he had practiced deception. He had hidden the bad things. He had tricked up his own life. Only for love. Only to be loved.""A fat little kid doing magic in front of a stand-up mirror. 'Hey, kiddo, that's a good one,' his father could've said, but for reasons unknown, reasons mysterious, the words never got spoken. He had wanted to be loved. And to be loved he had practiced deception. He had hidden the bad things. He had tricked up his own life. Only for love. Only to be loved."Too simple? A clue that takes you away from the solution? Could be: O'Brien is that good. (He won the National Book Award for "Going After Cacciato". The New York Times named The Things They Carried as one of the best books of the year in 1990 --- and chose "In the Lake of the Woods" for that list four years later.)Too simple? A clue that takes you away from the solution? Could be: O'Brien is that good. (He won the National Book Award for "Going After Cacciato". The New York Times named The Things They Carried as one of the best books of the year in 1990 --- and chose "In the Lake of the Woods" for that list four years later.)This much is sure: You start "In the Lake of the Woods" expecting one kind of book and quickly get another, darker, scarier book. You find yourself thinking "God, this is awful," even as you read faster and faster. You cringe at what Wade might have done, wince for what might have been done to him. And, as he comes apart, so do you.This much is sure: You start "In the Lake of the Woods" expecting one kind of book and quickly get another, darker, scarier book. You find yourself thinking "God, this is awful," even as you read faster and faster. You cringe at what Wade might have done, wince for what might have been done to him. And, as he comes apart, so do you.This is a harrowing book, as grown-up as it gets. It's a great story, masterfully told. And more: It draws you in, demands your opinion. And then it demands your honest opinion --- because you have your secrets too, don't you
 An absolutely magnificent peice of literature! The use of language is witty and funny and I have never experienced such joy from a collection of short stories before. The ''Is He Deep?'' introduction set the mood of the bok and that question played on mind throughout the entire read. Fantasti
 Robert Barid's exploration of history's secret connections is brilliant. By integrating hidden and not presented in any other book various facts of sciences, he clearly shows that our ancestors had much deeper understanding of the Reality than most of the modern people. I had a chance to explore many other books by this author available from his page on the World-Mysteries.com and I highly recommend all of them
 The Gospel of Judas has had its fifteen minutes of fame. It is but another in an endlessly long line of stories or documents meant to shake the foundations of the Christian faith. Like its many predecessors, it gave National Geographic and anti-Christian authors an opportunity to voice their dissension with the biblical story of Jesus. A book titled The Gospel of Judas shot to near the top of the bestsellers lists and nearly as quickly, shot straight back down. Still, while its popularity was short-lived, it allowed Bart Ehrman and other revisionists a chance to laud the epistle for its new insights into the life of Christ. Surely Ehrman forever cast doubt upon his credibility as a historian when he blathered, "(The Gospel of Judas) is one of the greatest historical discoveries of the twentieth century. It rivals the finding of the Dead Sea Scrolls or the Gnostic Gospels of Nag Hammadi."The Gospel of Judas has had its fifteen minutes of fame. It is but another in an endlessly long line of stories or documents meant to shake the foundations of the Christian faith. Like its many predecessors, it gave National Geographic and anti-Christian authors an opportunity to voice their dissension with the biblical story of Jesus. A book titled The Gospel of Judas shot to near the top of the bestsellers lists and nearly as quickly, shot straight back down. Still, while its popularity was short-lived, it allowed Bart Ehrman and other revisionists a chance to laud the epistle for its new insights into the life of Christ. Surely Ehrman forever cast doubt upon his credibility as a historian when he blathered, "(The Gospel of Judas) is one of the greatest historical discoveries of the twentieth century. It rivals the finding of the Dead Sea Scrolls or the Gnostic Gospels of Nag Hammadi."National Geographic describes the importance of the document in this way: "The Gospel of Judas gives a different view of the relationship between Jesus and Judas, offering new insights into the disciple who betrayed Jesus. Unlike the accounts in the canonical Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, in which Judas is portrayed as a reviled traitor, this newly discovered Gospel portrays Judas as acting at Jesus' request when he hands Jesus over to the authorities." A classically dualistic, gnostic document, The Gospel of Judas presents a Jesus who is seeking to escape from the corruption of this physical world and asks Judas to betray Him so He can be free of this wickedness. Judas complies and shows himself to be a hero, rather than a villain. No longer the betrayer, He is a faithful friend to Jesus Christ.National Geographic describes the importance of the document in this way: "The Gospel of Judas gives a different view of the relationship between Jesus and Judas, offering new insights into the disciple who betrayed Jesus. Unlike the accounts in the canonical Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, in which Judas is portrayed as a reviled traitor, this newly discovered Gospel portrays Judas as acting at Jesus' request when he hands Jesus over to the authorities." A classically dualistic, gnostic document, The Gospel of Judas presents a Jesus who is seeking to escape from the corruption of this physical world and asks Judas to betray Him so He can be free of this wickedness. Judas complies and shows himself to be a hero, rather than a villain. No longer the betrayer, He is a faithful friend to Jesus Christ.Renowned New Testament scholar N.T. Wright is the first Christian to my knowledge to write a thorough refutation of the teachings of The Gospel of Judas. Judas and the Gospel of Jesus is due for publication in October of 2006 and will be published by Baker Books. It is a short book, weighing in at only 144 pages, but provides a thorough treatment of the subject matter.Renowned New Testament scholar N.T. Wright is the first Christian to my knowledge to write a thorough refutation of the teachings of The Gospel of Judas. Judas and the Gospel of Jesus is due for publication in October of 2006 and will be published by Baker Books. It is a short book, weighing in at only 144 pages, but provides a thorough treatment of the subject matter.Wright is fair to this newly published document. He does not say that there is no value in The Gospel of Judas for surely there is, for it tells us much about the gnosticism that was a great opponent of early Christianity. It gives historians access to an authentic, original document. But it tells us nothing about the real Jesus and the real Judas. Those who would have us believe that this letter provides details about the real life of the real Jesus can be little more than revisionists. Wright shows that such people believe in what he calls "the new myth of Christian origins." This myth, popularized by men such as Bart Ehrman, has three main teachings: first, Jesus was not as the canonical gospels portray Him; second, there were a great many different varieties of early Christianity, and they produced a large number of different "gospels," all of which circulated among Christians more or less unchecked; third, when Christianity became consolidated in the fourth century, many teachings about the "true" Christian faith were rejected.Wright is fair to this newly published document. He does not say that there is no value in The Gospel of Judas for surely there is, for it tells us much about the gnosticism that was a great opponent of early Christianity. It gives historians access to an authentic, original document. But it tells us nothing about the real Jesus and the real Judas. Those who would have us believe that this letter provides details about the real life of the real Jesus can be little more than revisionists. Wright shows that such people believe in what he calls "the new myth of Christian origins." This myth, popularized by men such as Bart Ehrman, has three main teachings: first, Jesus was not as the canonical gospels portray Him; second, there were a great many different varieties of early Christianity, and they produced a large number of different "gospels," all of which circulated among Christians more or less unchecked; third, when Christianity became consolidated in the fourth century, many teachings about the "true" Christian faith were rejected."Classic Christianity," he says, "has a lot more life and promise than have ever been imagined by those who propose the new Myth, or by those who offer newly discovered gnostic texts as the panacea for our ills. It is a shame that the churches have been so muzzled, so often self-blinded to the full dimensions of the gospel they profess, the gospel of Jesus himself.""Classic Christianity," he says, "has a lot more life and promise than have ever been imagined by those who propose the new Myth, or by those who offer newly discovered gnostic texts as the panacea for our ills. It is a shame that the churches have been so muzzled, so often self-blinded to the full dimensions of the gospel they profess, the gospel of Jesus himself."Through this short book, Wright asks good questions and insightfully shows where The Gospel of Judas simply cannot be held as equal in any way to Scripture. He shows himself to be a New Testament scholar the equal of any involved in promoting this new gospel. While the document appears to be genuine, it is little different and little more significant than the multitudes of other gnostic writings which have come down to us, even two millenia later.Through this short book, Wright asks good questions and insightfully shows where The Gospel of Judas simply cannot be held as equal in any way to Scripture. He shows himself to be a New Testament scholar the equal of any involved in promoting this new gospel. While the document appears to be genuine, it is little different and little more significant than the multitudes of other gnostic writings which have come down to us, even two millenia later.It is perhaps somewhat ironic that N.T. Wright, who has reimagined and reinvented many of the teachings of Paul (and thus Jesus), would be the first to make a stand for the truth against others who would seek to reinvent Jesus. Unfortunately, Wright's New Perspectives are glimpsed, even if only dimly, through much of the text of this book. Still, he offers a compelling response to Ehrman and others and one well worth reading. I would tend to believe that, for most people, The Gospel of Judas is best ignored. It offers little that would be of interest to the average person. For those who do have interest in it, Judas and the Gospel of Jesus will no doubt prove an interesting response to the irrational views espoused by those who wish to reinvent Christianity and to cast doubt upon Scripture
 Peter Robinson is one of my favorite authors.  When I travel on vacation I make sure to take his latest novel.   "Piece of my Heart" transitioned between the present and a time about 25 years ago.  The characters were well developed and the story line moved.  There were many layers of sub-plots that were interwoven.  I thoroughly enjoyed how everything was brought to its final conclusion. 
 "De-mystifying" a musical genre is a favorite practice of many historians, educators, and musicians, and has been overdone. Unlike them, but not unlike a master performer, Palmer is able to strike a balance between technique, feeling, and authenticity: He is historically and musically adept without denying the Blues its inherent mystery and evocative nuance. Palmer put his life into this work and it shows; he without a doubt "convinces". I highly recommend his Deep Blues.
 my son chris played on this team.  i love coach k as he has gotten me a job and new car.  duke has saved my family's life . this is a great book and all duke fans should read it.  FIST!  - vivian harpe
 The plot is stronger than Dick and Jane, not quite at the Dr. Seuss level.  But my 4-year-old loves the thing.  He wants to read it - what more can one ask for a first reader than self-motivation?   Good illustrations,  basic vocabulary, frequent repetition, and not scary
 This is probably the single best work I've ever seen on the &quot;science&quot; of packing. Joe Back lived and worked in N.W. Wyoming, and was a legend in the area. His humorous annecdotes, and extremely accurate hand drawn diagrams, combined with his obvious knowledge of the subject, make this a &quot;must have&quot; for anyone seriously interested in learning how to pack horses or mules, and survive. This little work deserves a place in any packer's library
 Some previous reviewers have complained about  the complex style and writing of this book. Although in fact it is not an easily readable book, for the general public, if you have a serious interest about the history of the third Reich, make no mistake: you will not be able to overlook this book, which will surely be a  classic. It is a thoroughly well researched  contribution about the connection between religious beliefs and mass fanaticism; the interaction between the "new" domestic and international values, based on aggression; and the other causes involved in the rise (and fall) of the III Reich. From a different perspective from other mainstream historians, this winner of the Samuel Johnson prize for non fiction,  has accomplished quite an original scholarly feat, one which will enlighten the comprehension of this particular  period of history. No wonder many international critics have found the subtitle of this  opus  -A new History- particularly well deserved. Of great interest is the chapter related with the demise of the rule of law, a thorough analysis of the penetration  of the judiciary and the subordination of the police and government to the totalitarian Fuhrerprinzip
 Dark Nature cuts to the very core of the will to survive.  Mr. Watson takes you on an easy to read journey "up" the food chain to the homo sapiens: who is neither man nor kind.  For me, Dark Nature removed judgment from the word "evil", giving a deeper, behind the scene look at what drives life.  A must read.  This copy was purchased a gift. In my judgment to continue to grow I needed to understand this piece of myself and the world around me
 As a professional bridal consultant, I keep an extensive library of wedding related books on hand to help my brides design their own weddings.  Ms. McBride's Bridal Flowers is one of my favorites.  It is full of wonderful ideas - not just the traditional "must have" wedding flowers such as bouquets &amp; boutonnieres, but the out-of-the-ordinary (but inspiring) boas, decorated lampposts &amp; gilded calla lilies.  Ms. McBride shows that flowers are for more than just being carried or worn.  The large color photos are fantastic.  So many other books have little or no photos, or hand drawn diagrams that leaves the reader wondering.  Ms. McBride's book lets you see exactly what she is talking about.  It doesn't claim to be a how-to book, but perfect to take along when visiting your floral designer
 This rare book details Aleister Crowley's ascension as the prophet of a new Aeon, the Aeon of Horus. Out of all the Aleister Crowley books in mass market format, this stood out in memory years after I read it as one of Crowley's most disturbing works. In fact, I questioned my new faith in Crowley's religion Thelema reading this book; this was for real and not a joke. After contemplating, I thought it would be worth it stick with this because witchcraft is now a cool thing amongst today's youth and Crowley was a famous early form of witchcraft as we know it today. This is serious stuff, I wouldn't mess around with this unless you are interested in the occult. It should be noted that real life ritual magick as described in these type of works really do work; I did a ritual from Necronomicon and Lesser Key of Solomon to help with a college Astronomy course- I got a respectable C grade when I close to failing with a D-. But be prepared for some harassment aboyt alleged satanism.
 This is a wonderful book, which my children adore, and which taught them each to recognize the instruments in the orchestra before they were three
 The patterns in this book are really interesting.  They range from everything to cabled belts to baby booties to light sweaters.  This isn't as informative as the original "Stitch 'n Bitch" book, but if you have mastered the basics, it is a good starting point for ideas.  Plus, it has tried and true tips and tricks from knitters accross the nation.
 Twain's account of his years on the Mississippi is part travel book, part memoir, and part historical work, with a few sketches, stories, and tall tales tossed in for good measure. There is even an outtake from the not-yet-published "Huckleberry Finn," along with extensive excerpts from historical and contemporary accounts by other authors. This smorgasbord of material makes for an uneven book, but much of it shows Mark Twain at his humorous and humanistic best.Twain's account of his years on the Mississippi is part travel book, part memoir, and part historical work, with a few sketches, stories, and tall tales tossed in for good measure. There is even an outtake from the not-yet-published "Huckleberry Finn," along with extensive excerpts from historical and contemporary accounts by other authors. This smorgasbord of material makes for an uneven book, but much of it shows Mark Twain at his humorous and humanistic best.The kernel of the volume (and its best, most cohesive section) is in chapters 4 through 17; this material appeared in the Atlantic magazine in 1875 and recalls his early life as a crew member on steamboats in the early 1850s. His adventures as a young man are fraught with danger, full of comedy, populated by a number of ornery, mischievous, and reckless characters, and occasionally embellished (although Twain is a bit obvious when he's fobbing off a yarn). As Twain later wrote in "Puddn'head Wilson, "if there was anything better in this world than steamboating, it was the glory to be got by telling about it."The kernel of the volume (and its best, most cohesive section) is in chapters 4 through 17; this material appeared in the Atlantic magazine in 1875 and recalls his early life as a crew member on steamboats in the early 1850s. His adventures as a young man are fraught with danger, full of comedy, populated by a number of ornery, mischievous, and reckless characters, and occasionally embellished (although Twain is a bit obvious when he's fobbing off a yarn). As Twain later wrote in "Puddn'head Wilson, "if there was anything better in this world than steamboating, it was the glory to be got by telling about it."After he published the series in the Atlantic, Twain added another 46 chapters; much of it an account of his homecoming (incognito--or so he'd hoped) to the Mississippi River in 1882, when the steamboat had been rendered obsolete by the railroad. Many of these descriptions are unusually (for Twain) melancholy; he remarks upon the relatively emptiness of the river traffic and notes the transformations to the river and its banks that had made steamboat travel safer but less adventurous. His new journey provides opportunities to relate a number of stories--some allegedly told to him on the river and a few unpublished tales that he deemed relevant and worthy of inclusion.After he published the series in the Atlantic, Twain added another 46 chapters; much of it an account of his homecoming (incognito--or so he'd hoped) to the Mississippi River in 1882, when the steamboat had been rendered obsolete by the railroad. Many of these descriptions are unusually (for Twain) melancholy; he remarks upon the relatively emptiness of the river traffic and notes the transformations to the river and its banks that had made steamboat travel safer but less adventurous. His new journey provides opportunities to relate a number of stories--some allegedly told to him on the river and a few unpublished tales that he deemed relevant and worthy of inclusion.The material from other sources, unfortunately, tends to bog things down--and there are about 10,000 words of it commingled in the text and included as appendices. Twain gathered newspaper articles and historical documents; he also included travel writing from earlier visitors, primarily Europeans distracted by how Americans and their homes were horribly uncouth and dirty. (You almost get the feeling that Twain would have smacked "the once renowned and vigorously hated" Frances Trollope upside the head if he'd had the chance; she provides Twain with the most interesting, if snooty, descriptions of traveling along the Mississippi early in the century.)The material from other sources, unfortunately, tends to bog things down--and there are about 10,000 words of it commingled in the text and included as appendices. Twain gathered newspaper articles and historical documents; he also included travel writing from earlier visitors, primarily Europeans distracted by how Americans and their homes were horribly uncouth and dirty. (You almost get the feeling that Twain would have smacked "the once renowned and vigorously hated" Frances Trollope upside the head if he'd had the chance; she provides Twain with the most interesting, if snooty, descriptions of traveling along the Mississippi early in the century.)The material Twain wrote, however, more than compensates for the dryness of the extraneous stuff. As always, he is quotable, witty, amusing, and provocative. In spite of its excesses, nobody has done the Mississippi better
 I like the way it teaches fractions and doesn't use candy
 This is a terrific book for young and older children. It is a fun way to demonstrate why we need a universal form of measurement.
 I love this book!! I've owned it for about a year now, but just got it back after a very long visit to my mother-in-law. (3 months) She loved the book also and didn't want to give it back! She bought one of her own! Thank goodness! I think she got tired of reading the recipes over the phone to me! lol! Anyways great book, lots of information. Also great for what ever size machine you have. Does small (1lb), Med. (1 1/2lbs.) and large (2lbs). for each recipe.  
 How this book flew under the nation's radar---I'll ever know.  Furthermore it's discouraging as hell because it only goes to prove that great work so often goes unrecognized.How this book flew under the nation's radar---I'll ever know.  Furthermore it's discouraging as hell because it only goes to prove that great work so often goes unrecognized.This book plays out like a Spielberg movie from page one.  Very Spielbergian because of it's perfect blend of adventure, romance and humor.  The characters are dynamic and interesting as hell.  This book plays out like a Spielberg movie from page one.  Very Spielbergian because of it's perfect blend of adventure, romance and humor.  The characters are dynamic and interesting as hell.  The storyline is straight out of an Indiana Jones serial, and it keeps building until you're reading as fast as you possibly can just to see what happens.  The storyline is straight out of an Indiana Jones serial, and it keeps building until you're reading as fast as you possibly can just to see what happens.  The art work is astounding.  These are the coolest-looking heroes, sexiest women, and the most powerful looking baddies I've ever seen penciled in my life.The art work is astounding.  These are the coolest-looking heroes, sexiest women, and the most powerful looking baddies I've ever seen penciled in my life.It's just a shame that this book isn't getting the buzz that crap like "Ultimate Spider-Man" is getting---because in all reality this is the best graphic novel on the shelves right now---and could easily be the film adaptation that could return Steven Spielberg to greatness.  It's just a shame that this book isn't getting the buzz that crap like "Ultimate Spider-Man" is getting---because in all reality this is the best graphic novel on the shelves right now---and could easily be the film adaptation that could return Steven Spielberg to greatness.  For once in a very long time...I'm truly blown away.
 On the way to a conference in New Orleans, my flight from Raleigh to Charlotte was cancelled due to mechanical problems, and I was booked on a flight to D.C. As I boarded the plane with &quot;The Carolina Way&quot; under my arm, a gentleman seated at the front of the plane asked how I was enjoying the book.  I explained that I had not yet started the book, so I could not give an answer.  The gentleman followed me to my seat and introduced himself as Dr. Gerald Bell, the co-author of &quot;The Carolina Way&quot;.  Myself a Carolina fan, I was pleased to meet Dr. Bell, as he spent several minutes talking about Coach Smith, whom I have admired for over forty years, and the UNC basketball program, which is presently undergoing a much needed resurgence under Coach Roy Williams. Dr. Bell's contributions to the book tie Coach Smith's leadership philosophy to practical business applications by relating wonderful anecdotal references from Carolina's storied history to today's business situations.  Surely, Coach Smith, given his ability to recruit top players, has been criticized by many for his failure to win NCAA championships in the manner of Coach John Wooden at UCLA, but winning two NCAA championships, winning at a consistency high level unmatched by any program without violating strict NCAA rules, and coaching top players that graduated at a +90% rate and have gone on to be successes in their chosen professions underscore the unique successes of Coach Smith's &quot;system&quot;.  Teamwork, integrity, loyalty, and hard work, are the cornerstones of the Carolina Way, and anyone in the position of managing, leading, or molding young people today would benefit from reading this book, corny as it is at times.  This book is not just for Carolina basketball fans
 This is my favorite Jonathan Kellerman novel. The book focuses on a disturbing story about Munchausen's Disease by Proxy. This book so quickly caught my interest, that I ended up doing my psych 101 paper on this disease. I had not heard of this disorder when I read the book. It was disturbing, intense, and tore away at your heart. I would definitely recommend this book! Munchausen's Disease seems to have become a more popular topic since I read this book. I have seen countless documentaries on, and it was also featured in the newest episode of House. It is a disturbing, yet intriguing disease, and this book delves straight into the ugliest form of it, Munchausen's Disease by Proxy
  The story of Illidan, Malfurion, Rhonin, and krasus using dark powers, heroic strength is enough to blow anyone away. Iy enchants me, it shows the World of Warcraft from a combination of Knaak's and Blizzard Entertainment's imagination
 my three year old loves this and I do too! it is a great book to share at Xmas as well.  The pictures are wonderful and we are giving it to nursery school as part of Chinese New Year celebration
 As an overweight, stressed-out, 40-something professional, I am thrilled to find this book!  The SPARK is exactly what I needed to get my body moving again.  I am one of those who had fallen for the 1-hour a day exercise trap, and if I didn't have an hour, which I usually don't, I just didn't exercise.  I love doing my three to four SPARKS a day, knowing I am doing my body far more good than waiting for that elusive day when I can fit in 45 minutes or more for my workout.  This is a wonderful concept, and so doable! It's working!! Thank you
 Always think twice. Never jump to hasty conclusions without considering ALL the effects of an act or decision. That's the essence of Economics: "looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy." Always think twice. Never jump to hasty conclusions without considering ALL the effects of an act or decision. That's the essence of Economics: "looking not merely at the immediate but at the longer effects of any act or policy." Most economic fallacies are the result of ignoring this lesson, as Henry Hazlitt clearly shows with many examples throughout this witty short book. Are there benefits in destruction (let it be a humble broken window or a bloody war? Is government spending the solution to unemployment or industries in trouble? Can taxes benefit the economy of a country? Do inflationary policies really encourage a well-functioning economy or are they just a smokescreen to conceal otherwise unpopular decisions? Are all labor union practices truly justified? And, what about tariffs, subsidies, parity prices, rent control, or minimum wage laws? These are the kind of issues the author analyses beyond what you can usually hear, read, or see on the media.Most economic fallacies are the result of ignoring this lesson, as Henry Hazlitt clearly shows with many examples throughout this witty short book. Are there benefits in destruction (let it be a humble broken window or a bloody war? Is government spending the solution to unemployment or industries in trouble? Can taxes benefit the economy of a country? Do inflationary policies really encourage a well-functioning economy or are they just a smokescreen to conceal otherwise unpopular decisions? Are all labor union practices truly justified? And, what about tariffs, subsidies, parity prices, rent control, or minimum wage laws? These are the kind of issues the author analyses beyond what you can usually hear, read, or see on the media.Beyond what you may think about the government's role in the economy, whether you agree or not with the author's liberal views, "Economics in One Lesson" shows how one should always try to see beyond the obvious and avoid missing the forest for the trees.Beyond what you may think about the government's role in the economy, whether you agree or not with the author's liberal views, "Economics in One Lesson" shows how one should always try to see beyond the obvious and avoid missing the forest for the trees.As the author points out, half-truths presented as complete truths are behind most economic fallacies. Demagogues and 'rogue' economists try to divert our attention by focusing only on the most visible effects of a given decision (or, in the worst cases, on the only effects that should be seen not to discredit an already decided course of action). Learning to supplement and correct their half-truths with the other half is the most reasonable thing an independent thinker can do. BTW, "Economics in One Lesson" might be a good place to start..
 I found this in the church library, but it is not Christian fiction. It is simply an easy read. The story is sweet, made even sweeter by the topic. Cake. I am not even much of a cake person. I normally prefer ice cream or some sort of brownies/cookies, etc... But, as I read, I found myself longing for a bit of these intoxicating concoctions put together by the narrator. I don't recommend this book if you are diabetic or on a diet. The need for sweets will be simply overpowering
 Overall this book is just fine for someone interested in cooking with a DO. The mix of recipes is fine, but they just seemed to be missing something. They were all more or less of the &quot;huck a good sized hen into the pot and cook for a while until done&quot; variety. All of the recipes look tasty, though I would have liked to have seen a few more meat dishes, especially some more creative ones. Let's be honest, when you pay for a book you'd like to see more than &quot;...put a 5 lb beef roast into a preheated Dutch oven, salt and pepper to taste, cook until done.&quot; Give me a little something to work with here! Inspire me! I can already cook a roast like this in the oven. Having said all of that, I would still reccommend this book. The vegetable dishes and desserts look fantastic and I can't wait to try some of them. As an aside, this is the only Dutch oven book I've seen with heart-healthy recipes as well as more traditional fare. Given that the average DO book requires the use of a metric ton of lard, this will probably appeal to a wider range of cooks
 Both of my boys love this book and request it over and over again.   It is such a fun book to read because the children interact with the reader by answering the questions.  Love it!
 &quot;The Shaman's Apprentice&quot; presents more information about the relationship between people and nature than many much larger volumes. The story of Kamanya, Gabriela, and the shaman Nahtahlah, educates children about the important roles of all living things. The text is supported by rich and colorful illustrations which easily maintains the interest of children from four to 14. If you want the children in your life to understand the importance of rain forests and the need to preserve them, you must have this book
 John Gunther's INSIDE U.S.A. comes as close to time travel as we are likely to get, hurling us back to the America of 1947, as he explores, state by state, the people, politics, issues, passions and fads that make up our country.  Written with great energy and insight, Gunther captures an America justly proud of its WWII success, still unsure of its role in the world, and populated by fascinating characters like Mayor LaGuardia of New York, Governor Saltonstall of Massachusetts and Boss Hague of Jersey City.  Gunther describes regional characteristics that persist today.  He captures aspects of America that are gone,l never to return (an &quot;industrial&quot; nation based on coal, iron ore and steel.)  And he foresees issues that dog America to this day -- the &quot;Negro problem&quot; (actually, the &quot;White problem.&quot;)  He condemns the segregationist society he finds in America, so inconsistent with its lofty ideals.  As you can tell, I loved this book.  It's very hefty -- but every time you are about to put it down, Gunther comes up with another amazing fact or interesting sidelight that keeps you reading.  All this said, Gunther does concentrate on the (a) historical, (b) political and (c) economic side of things.  You won't find much here about the arts or science.  But it is amazing a single individual could have compiled this much data and presented it so interestingly
 This is the sixth and final addition to the author's excellent Holiday Time series, just in time for Rosh Hashanah! As in the other titles, (It's Challah Time! It's Seder Time! etc.) Tod Cohen's full-color photos capture the joyousness of the children as they learn to celebrate the holiday wearing new clothes, making Jewish New Year's cards for their families, tasting new foods such as pomegranates and star fruits, and blowing the shofar. The sounds of the shofar are explained in easy, understandable terms for this young age level. The children are also shown learning such things as tying their shoes and writing their names.  The brief amount of text on each page and very appealing children pictured learning to make round challot and blow the shofar make this just right for using with pre-schoolers, their parents, and in the classroom. Included is an easy shofar craft and a brief paragraph about Rosh Hashanah. Recommended for all Jewish libraries. Ages: 4-6.  Reviewed by Andrea Davidso
 Pretty much all of the Todd Parr books we've read are great but the "Peace Book" and the "Family Book" are by far our favorites.  They are very positive and carry a theme of tolerance.  We'd highly recommend this book!
 I remember hearing about this book by the great patriot Sean Hannity sometime in 2001, then it was a mere idea. From that time on, until August 20th 2002, I waited for what I thought would be the greatest book of all time. I remember seeing the cover art and hearing about the title: "Let Freedom Ring" with not just a picture of Sean Hannity on the cover, patriot that he is, but also a flag. I loved it, couldn't be more happy.I remember hearing about this book by the great patriot Sean Hannity sometime in 2001, then it was a mere idea. From that time on, until August 20th 2002, I waited for what I thought would be the greatest book of all time. I remember seeing the cover art and hearing about the title: "Let Freedom Ring" with not just a picture of Sean Hannity on the cover, patriot that he is, but also a flag. I loved it, couldn't be more happy.Well, the day of the book's release, I took a day off work (i've never missed a day of work before in my life), and rushed to get this book. It looked better than I ever imagined.Well, the day of the book's release, I took a day off work (i've never missed a day of work before in my life), and rushed to get this book. It looked better than I ever imagined.With the flag on the cover and the title of "Let Freedom Ring," I thought, finally, technology has caught up to our patriotism. I expected a book filled with flags, flags with sound effects. Maybe some firework sound effects. With the flag on the cover and the title of "Let Freedom Ring," I thought, finally, technology has caught up to our patriotism. I expected a book filled with flags, flags with sound effects. Maybe some firework sound effects. Boy was I wrong. I opened the book only to the colors black and white. No red. No blue. No stars and stripes. I quickly turned the pages, looking, searching for flags. I found none, no sound effects either, no fireworks. Boy was I wrong. I opened the book only to the colors black and white. No red. No blue. No stars and stripes. I quickly turned the pages, looking, searching for flags. I found none, no sound effects either, no fireworks. At that point, I went into a 4 year long depression. I nearly committed suicide at several points. It's only now that I can bring myself to review this man's book, patriot that he is. At that point, I went into a 4 year long depression. I nearly committed suicide at several points. It's only now that I can bring myself to review this man's book, patriot that he is. I say this so you know what you're getting yourself into. There are no flags, no stars and stripes, no fireworks, no sound effects. I say this so you know what you're getting yourself into. There are no flags, no stars and stripes, no fireworks, no sound effects. I have since recovered, but only because of old stars and stripes. I went back to teaching last year, not fully recovered, and my colleagues, knowing how much I love America and the STARS AND STRIPES, suggested I have my class do a research project: find the most patriotic book ever made. I have since recovered, but only because of old stars and stripes. I went back to teaching last year, not fully recovered, and my colleagues, knowing how much I love America and the STARS AND STRIPES, suggested I have my class do a research project: find the most patriotic book ever made. The methodoloy was simple: A book made out of flags with flag pictures would score high, a book that was not made out of a flag or flags and had no pictures of flags would score the lowest. The methodoloy was simple: A book made out of flags with flag pictures would score high, a book that was not made out of a flag or flags and had no pictures of flags would score the lowest. We found some very good books and they did cheer me up. The one that was the most patriotic by far was a book called "President Jesus: How Jesus Wrote the Constitution, Freed the Slaves, and Won World War II." Its published by a small church in Texas. I was very proud of my students for finding it. It has brought countless joy to my life. Along with the book, made entirely out of a flag, with flag pictures, and written in blue and red ink, you get a giant flag. I'm not sure of the dimensions, but they had to haul it to my house in a moving truck. I've draped it over my house and it covers it completely. People even have to crawl under the flag to enter the house. We found some very good books and they did cheer me up. The one that was the most patriotic by far was a book called "President Jesus: How Jesus Wrote the Constitution, Freed the Slaves, and Won World War II." Its published by a small church in Texas. I was very proud of my students for finding it. It has brought countless joy to my life. Along with the book, made entirely out of a flag, with flag pictures, and written in blue and red ink, you get a giant flag. I'm not sure of the dimensions, but they had to haul it to my house in a moving truck. I've draped it over my house and it covers it completely. People even have to crawl under the flag to enter the house. Now I often go outside and just gaze at old stars and stripes for hours at a time, smiling.
 Time was when the words Betty Crocker actually stood for something good in cookbooks, although the books' recipes, for better or for worse, were always a product of their times.  The very first "Betty Crocker Picture Cook Book" was published in 1950 (still available), revolutionized how cookbooks were produced, and was an enormous best-seller.  The recipes were the result of much thorough testing in the company's kitchens and in homes across America.  This was cooking from scratch with very little reliance on convenience foods in its pages.  This gradually changed as Betty and her books became more and more of a shill for General Mills' products and her name got plastered on one mix after another to the benefit of the company's bottom line, but to the detriment of good cooking.  Time was when the words Betty Crocker actually stood for something good in cookbooks, although the books' recipes, for better or for worse, were always a product of their times.  The very first "Betty Crocker Picture Cook Book" was published in 1950 (still available), revolutionized how cookbooks were produced, and was an enormous best-seller.  The recipes were the result of much thorough testing in the company's kitchens and in homes across America.  This was cooking from scratch with very little reliance on convenience foods in its pages.  This gradually changed as Betty and her books became more and more of a shill for General Mills' products and her name got plastered on one mix after another to the benefit of the company's bottom line, but to the detriment of good cooking.  The two all-purpose cookbooks that came out in 1961 and 1969 were both loaded with recipes and wonderful tips/helps, although you could see the beginnings of sacrificing quality for convenience--especially in the 1969 edition--but this was still relatively minor in proportion to the majority of the recipes.  If you have one of these books, treasure and keep it; you'll never see their likes again.The two all-purpose cookbooks that came out in 1961 and 1969 were both loaded with recipes and wonderful tips/helps, although you could see the beginnings of sacrificing quality for convenience--especially in the 1969 edition--but this was still relatively minor in proportion to the majority of the recipes.  If you have one of these books, treasure and keep it; you'll never see their likes again.The current 10th edition looks good but, like the past several editions, the number of recipes has been drastically reduced.  Gone are the many variations, which are especially missed in baked goods.  It was wonderful having recipes of many cakes that were sized for two people or small families and having different mixing methods to choose from.  Now way too many recipes are of the "dump and stir" method instead of choosing methods that would insure the best results.  Also gone is the very friendly, assuring, conversationial voice of yesteryear.  Yes, there are recipes covering a wider range of ingredients and styles, but they are mostly stripped-down versions.  The current 10th edition looks good but, like the past several editions, the number of recipes has been drastically reduced.  Gone are the many variations, which are especially missed in baked goods.  It was wonderful having recipes of many cakes that were sized for two people or small families and having different mixing methods to choose from.  Now way too many recipes are of the "dump and stir" method instead of choosing methods that would insure the best results.  Also gone is the very friendly, assuring, conversationial voice of yesteryear.  Yes, there are recipes covering a wider range of ingredients and styles, but they are mostly stripped-down versions.  It's obvious that the folks at Betty Crocker now seem to think that no one really cooks anymore and can't be bothered with proper preparation of dishes, which begs the question of why General Mills even bothers to publish these cookbooks anymore.  The "Better Homes and Gardens New Cookbook" is a better bet for those looking for an all-purpose, everyday guide.  It has a better layout, the recipes and ingredients are generally of a higher quality, and there are more recipes and variations than Betty Crocker's had in some time.  Even better, if you care at all about the quality of the food you eat and serve your family, I highly recommend the cookbooks of Cooks' Illustrated/America's Test Kitchen.  Their comparable, general-purpose cookbook is called "The America's Test Kitchen Family Cookbook."  The recipes are tested and reworked--dozens of times, if necessary--to be the best their staff can make them and you get precise directions in preparing them.  It's a shame that Betty Crocker has abdicated her throne and good name, but there's even better stuff out there now.  Go for it!
 The cover of this book declares that you'll learn "Ten Simple Truths That Lead To an Amazing Life."  If your idea of an amazing life can be distilled to "eat, drink, and be merry," then perhaps you'll see value in the sophomoric platitudes that abound in this book.  Alfred E. Neuman, of Mad Magazine, with his declaration of "What, me? Worry?" provides a pithier statement of the philosophy proposed by Ms. LaRoche.  If you're looking for some deeper meaning to life, to success, to accomplishment, you'd be much better served by reading Napoleon Hill, Anthony Robbins, Dr. Covey, Denis Waitley, or Brian Tracey. 
 Most of the information is very "theoritical" and "limited" -- author focus mainly on her own analysis of her mother and her relationship with her.  ...  In a nutshell, the message is that a dysfunctional mother'll pass her emotioanal issues to her daughter(s), and in turn, the daughter(s) may pass that onto her offspring(s).  ...  
 On the one hand, I loved the book, since I am a big fan of Thomas Paine. However, my particular copy was missing the last 50 pages or so of "The Age of Reason". When they get the printing and/or binding problems straightend out and have purged the inventory of the defective books, they should remove this review. At that point, I will eagerly buy a new copy
 I was not a huge fan of the first book, but the concept was interesting and some times a series gets better with each book. This may not be the case here. While it is not as forehead smacking dimwitted as the first, it is has it's moments of unbeleiveablity. How can Dexter be so attractive that women throw themselves at him, and such a good pretender of being human that he can be oblivous when women like him? The only women who was not attracted to him has been his foster sister, and I kind of think it might be only a matter of time. I also dislike how every person who is his foe ends up dead or out of commission. Are they going to introduce a new character to be "on to him" every book? This is not only frustrating but it shows that the author is completely incapable of developing any character or relationship longer than a few pages.
 I am agreeing to the comment of "E for effort" on this book.I am agreeing to the comment of "E for effort" on this book.This book describes the author's attemps to improve his condition and how he suceeded. But he admits in his book that he is not sure which ones actually worked. Plus, the author also takes diabetes medications, along with other medicines and supplements. My main concern is what worked for him probably won't work for someone reading this book.This book describes the author's attemps to improve his condition and how he suceeded. But he admits in his book that he is not sure which ones actually worked. Plus, the author also takes diabetes medications, along with other medicines and supplements. My main concern is what worked for him probably won't work for someone reading this book.This book does not really provide a clear picture on what to do. He made so many changes on the medications and supplements, it is hard to say what worked.This book does not really provide a clear picture on what to do. He made so many changes on the medications and supplements, it is hard to say what worked.One can find the general imformation presented in this book on "Diet", "Exercise" and "Stress management" (relating to clog arteries & heart diseases) through the internet. I didn't gain any new information by reading this book.One can find the general imformation presented in this book on "Diet", "Exercise" and "Stress management" (relating to clog arteries & heart diseases) through the internet. I didn't gain any new information by reading this book.The printing of this book is also done in a very strange way. The text is printed at the center, occupying only the center area with a lot of spaces around, so about half of the page is blank. 
 I Look for books all the time on this topic to see if there any new moves I can pick up to help shape and tone the stomach area which is a problem for most of us. I think if you are just starting out this book will help you understand the positions you need to get into but it's going to take alot more than 8 minutes to get results and I have been training for years
 There is no doubt in my mind that Josh Harris is a good person, who sincerely wants to help people, particularly young Christian women, who are especially affected by the vicissitudes of the modern dating scene. However, he doesn't seem to offer much honesty about why this book has been so popular.  Either he's guilelessly uninformed or deliberately avoidant: inexcusable in either case, considering how influential this book has become. There is no doubt in my mind that Josh Harris is a good person, who sincerely wants to help people, particularly young Christian women, who are especially affected by the vicissitudes of the modern dating scene. However, he doesn't seem to offer much honesty about why this book has been so popular.  Either he's guilelessly uninformed or deliberately avoidant: inexcusable in either case, considering how influential this book has become. Is it because it offers the best possible advice on how to navigate the most clear and direct path from singleness to marriage?  No.  For the vast majority of singles, the approach described in this book will be too rigid and contrived to be workable.  Few couples have actually gotten together this way.Is it because it offers the best possible advice on how to navigate the most clear and direct path from singleness to marriage?  No.  For the vast majority of singles, the approach described in this book will be too rigid and contrived to be workable.  Few couples have actually gotten together this way.The real reason why this book, with its overwhelmingly female readership, has sold so well comes down to one main reason: there is a SEVERE SHORTAGE OF SINGLE CHRISTIAN MEN, as documented in CampuslifeCollegeGuide.com male/female ratios, and the Barna Research group website which estimates the shortfall to be in the MILLIONS.  Christianity Today recently identified the gender imbalance as being the issue that "rises to the top" for Christian singles.The real reason why this book, with its overwhelmingly female readership, has sold so well comes down to one main reason: there is a SEVERE SHORTAGE OF SINGLE CHRISTIAN MEN, as documented in CampuslifeCollegeGuide.com male/female ratios, and the Barna Research group website which estimates the shortfall to be in the MILLIONS.  Christianity Today recently identified the gender imbalance as being the issue that "rises to the top" for Christian singles.Because Christians are encouraged to look at circumstances as springing from "God's plan" for their lives, many of the surplus women faithfully avoid doing the math, but certainly feel the lack of male attention.  Unfortunately, this often gets boiled down to some kind of "passive Christian guy thing", but it probably has more to do with the complacency that accompanies the abundance of women: which is the defining masculine climate wherever there is a man shortage, whether it's New York City, Post-war Russia or your local mega-church.  It's not so much a lack of male leadership, but a lack of males.Because Christians are encouraged to look at circumstances as springing from "God's plan" for their lives, many of the surplus women faithfully avoid doing the math, but certainly feel the lack of male attention.  Unfortunately, this often gets boiled down to some kind of "passive Christian guy thing", but it probably has more to do with the complacency that accompanies the abundance of women: which is the defining masculine climate wherever there is a man shortage, whether it's New York City, Post-war Russia or your local mega-church.  It's not so much a lack of male leadership, but a lack of males.And so the idea of courtship appeals to the romantic longings of single Christian women frustrated by what they perceive to be a lack of initiative taken by single Christian men, who they greatly outnumber.  Since reading Christian books about relationships can be as titilating as any romance novel, many of these women will pour over every detail looking for the one piece of advice, the one thing they can change about themselves that will make a difference.  Which means they stay on the spiritual self-improvement treadmill, fuelling a Christian singleness industry with its own slogan "The Gift of Singleness" that refuses to tell them the truth about the Christian man shortage that is the greatest cause of their prolonged singleness!  Of course, their lack of contentment (an innate response that tells you that things don't add up) is something they are told to repent, ironically by pundits who themselves will not repent of how they profit from this symbiotic relationship.  But as long as these women can be convinced that their discontent is caused not by unnaturally protracted singleness that's the result of the Christian man shortage but their by own spiritual failings, there'll always be a market for Christian self-help books like this one.  Pure genius!And so the idea of courtship appeals to the romantic longings of single Christian women frustrated by what they perceive to be a lack of initiative taken by single Christian men, who they greatly outnumber.  Since reading Christian books about relationships can be as titilating as any romance novel, many of these women will pour over every detail looking for the one piece of advice, the one thing they can change about themselves that will make a difference.  Which means they stay on the spiritual self-improvement treadmill, fuelling a Christian singleness industry with its own slogan "The Gift of Singleness" that refuses to tell them the truth about the Christian man shortage that is the greatest cause of their prolonged singleness!  Of course, their lack of contentment (an innate response that tells you that things don't add up) is something they are told to repent, ironically by pundits who themselves will not repent of how they profit from this symbiotic relationship.  But as long as these women can be convinced that their discontent is caused not by unnaturally protracted singleness that's the result of the Christian man shortage but their by own spiritual failings, there'll always be a market for Christian self-help books like this one.  Pure genius!What's more, there are "unintended consequences" that can go along with Harris' model for "courtship" that he doesn't really address:What's more, there are "unintended consequences" that can go along with Harris' model for "courtship" that he doesn't really address:1) Because all masculine initiative taking must be based on a guy's intention to marry the woman, it makes asking a woman to do anything a BIG DEAL to him. This can have several sub-consequences: (a) It creates a lot of anxiety for guys in terms of their decision-making and rejection-risk (getting turned down for a date is bad enough, but imagine having your "potential marriage proposal" crash and burn!) (b) It fosters prolonged crushes, as stakes get so high with the guy investing all kinds of time and energy in figuring out that this is "the one", he might not ever do it (c) Ironically, it can boost up the guy's expectations in terms of a woman's looks. Because the guy has to have everything worked out in their heads (that yes, this is the kind of woman I want to marry) lot of guys end up not bothering to spend time with girls who don't LOOK like whatever their "wife prototype" might be. Guys who date and don't make a big deal of "a date" are more likely to ask out women they never thought of marrying and possibly end up getting married anyways (In "How to Get a Date Worth Keeping", Henry Cloud explains how couples will admit that their spouses weren't really "their type" when they first met). 2) It keeps people from the humbling reality check that dating provides. Serial dating (as practiced in Latin American countries, where a guy will ask out tons of women, get turned down by most of them until he has a "short-list") teaches you where you stand with the opposite sex. You ask your way down your "ladder of options" until you find your equal (likewise for women, in terms of dealing with the facts about who's asking and who's not). With courtship, a man or woman can nurse an untested prototype of what they want in their heads for years. The idea that it's better not to have any previous flames to compare them to is FALSE. You're better off being compared to their last girlfriend/boyfriend (a real human being with chunky thighs and all) than with the evangelical Angelica Jolie/Brad Pitt that has filled their imaginations since adolescence! 3) It reduces interactive opportunities that promote the acquisition of social skills needed in a romantic context with the opposite sex. It reinforces the pattern of psycho-social-sexual immaturity you commonly see in Christian singles circles. 4) It's unfair to the woman to have some guy spring a potential marriage proposal (which is essentially what courtship is) on her without any prior notice that the guy (who's had a head start on working out his feelings) is romantically interested. Most Christian women seem to need some time to progressively get used to the idea of having a date with most of the guys who would realistically ask them, let alone entertain the thought of marriage. 5) It also heightens the significance of anything the men do when interacting with the women in their circle, who inevitably end up reading too much into their behavior and expecting too much whenever any nuance of interest gets expressed by a someone they like. Kind of like, "he's a nice, sincere, Christian guy and he wouldn't be spending this kind of time with me if he didn't think of me as marriage material, right?"...not always so. 5) It also heightens the significance of anything the men do when interacting with the women in their circle, who inevitably end up reading too much into their behavior and expecting too much whenever any nuance of interest gets expressed by a someone they like. Kind of like, "he's a nice, sincere, Christian guy and he wouldn't be spending this kind of time with me if he didn't think of me as marriage material, right?"...not always so. If we are to stand back and take a look at it, the whole courtship redux really hasn't gotten off the ground: it works for too few people at this time. Maybe the world has changed too much, or perhaps there are other issues today's Christian singles face in the mating game that need to be dealt with first: such as the confusion about "the gift of singleness" and the shortage of men. I would recommend Debbie Maken's Getting Serious about Getting Married: Rethinking the Gift of Singleness for an alternative view of courtship that embraces the ordinariness and universality of marriage, instead of this moldy oldy.
 In addition to the errors listed by others, I see missing letters in the middle of words, quote marks that are the wrong style (backticks instead of curly quotes, done inconsistently), inconsistent indentations ... it's a typesetting nightmare.  Big disappointment
 I found this book embarrassing to read - not because it's risque, but because it so clearly illustrates how the French & Italians got their reputations as great lovers. Is this the best that English literature can give us? This fellow clearly understands little of female anatomy, let alone female sexuality. I found this book embarrassing to read - not because it's risque, but because it so clearly illustrates how the French & Italians got their reputations as great lovers. Is this the best that English literature can give us? This fellow clearly understands little of female anatomy, let alone female sexuality. It's also mean-spirited. Lawrence proves his points by setting up his version of idealized man and even more idealized woman, and then spends most of the book trying to knock down every other character and concept. This is his only real method of proving the superiority of his ideal. He drips way too much contempt.It's also mean-spirited. Lawrence proves his points by setting up his version of idealized man and even more idealized woman, and then spends most of the book trying to knock down every other character and concept. This is his only real method of proving the superiority of his ideal. He drips way too much contempt.Everything outside of sex is dumb, meaningless, ridiculous. Attempting to derive enjoyment from the "mental life" makes one ridiculous; being paralyzed makes one ridiculous; trying to have sex in any way outside Lawrence's own true and correct way makes one pathetic, or defective, or spiteful; not being able to enjoy the sort of lovemaking Lawrence proposes makes one undeserving of the title of "woman" or "man"; and so on. Everything outside of sex is dumb, meaningless, ridiculous. Attempting to derive enjoyment from the "mental life" makes one ridiculous; being paralyzed makes one ridiculous; trying to have sex in any way outside Lawrence's own true and correct way makes one pathetic, or defective, or spiteful; not being able to enjoy the sort of lovemaking Lawrence proposes makes one undeserving of the title of "woman" or "man"; and so on. Looking at Italian art is stupid. Everything in Paris is stupid. Constance can apparently tell from a glance that nobody in France knows how to have sex properly.Looking at Italian art is stupid. Everything in Paris is stupid. Constance can apparently tell from a glance that nobody in France knows how to have sex properly.Reading the book without his openly contemptuous commentary on what's "wrong" with everyone except C. and M., one might easily conclude that Constance doesn't really seem happier now that she's sleeping with the gamekeeper, and Hilda does seem happier in Venice - the author counters this by ridiculing "that kind" of happiness as delusional and druglike. He even seems to imply that her being so pleased with her life is yet more proof that there's something wrong with her. Of course Constance is wretched, because she does not have that one thing that, in Lawrence's view, really matters in life - not Mellors, but Mellors' equipment. This book does degenerate into phallus-worship, which makes the author's hostility toward "druglike" pleasures seem sort of ironically comical.Reading the book without his openly contemptuous commentary on what's "wrong" with everyone except C. and M., one might easily conclude that Constance doesn't really seem happier now that she's sleeping with the gamekeeper, and Hilda does seem happier in Venice - the author counters this by ridiculing "that kind" of happiness as delusional and druglike. He even seems to imply that her being so pleased with her life is yet more proof that there's something wrong with her. Of course Constance is wretched, because she does not have that one thing that, in Lawrence's view, really matters in life - not Mellors, but Mellors' equipment. This book does degenerate into phallus-worship, which makes the author's hostility toward "druglike" pleasures seem sort of ironically comical.Hilda is pathetic precisely because she can derive enjoyment from sensual pleasures: from Venice, from the feel of the sun, from jazz, from dancing. This seems weird to me - as if Lawrence is punishing the uppity woman. Hilda is also described as worse than pathetic - she is a "user", with strong suggestions that she is cold and immoral - because she enjoys that part of dancing which allows her to press up against a strange man, only to walk away when the dance is over. (This may be why at least one reviewer called the book sexist, since obviously Lawrence doesn't mind if Mellors is callous and behaves as a "user".) Hilda is pathetic precisely because she can derive enjoyment from sensual pleasures: from Venice, from the feel of the sun, from jazz, from dancing. This seems weird to me - as if Lawrence is punishing the uppity woman. Hilda is also described as worse than pathetic - she is a "user", with strong suggestions that she is cold and immoral - because she enjoys that part of dancing which allows her to press up against a strange man, only to walk away when the dance is over. (This may be why at least one reviewer called the book sexist, since obviously Lawrence doesn't mind if Mellors is callous and behaves as a "user".) It's actually sort of creepy how an author who seems to be claiming that sensuality is good consistently knocks sensual pleasures like the feel of sunshine on one's body. Everything is stupid except sex - and not just any sex, but his notion of real sex. It's actually sort of creepy how an author who seems to be claiming that sensuality is good consistently knocks sensual pleasures like the feel of sunshine on one's body. Everything is stupid except sex - and not just any sex, but his notion of real sex. This is where astute readers will have the most trouble. Lawrence clearly defines a "real" woman - Constance Chatterly - by contrasting her with bad examples. This is where astute readers will have the most trouble. Lawrence clearly defines a "real" woman - Constance Chatterly - by contrasting her with bad examples. A woman who lays there "unfeeling" is clearly an example. Such a woman is described in terms suggesting she lacks warmth/decency/heart/womanhood/etc. Lawrence doesn't even seem to have considered the possibility that maybe what the man is or isn't doing could even be related; it's presented quite clearly as a difference between good/desireable women vs. women who are defective not only physically, but in character.A woman who lays there "unfeeling" is clearly an example. Such a woman is described in terms suggesting she lacks warmth/decency/heart/womanhood/etc. Lawrence doesn't even seem to have considered the possibility that maybe what the man is or isn't doing could even be related; it's presented quite clearly as a difference between good/desireable women vs. women who are defective not only physically, but in character.On the other hand, a woman with an unfeminine urge to be In Control - that is, one who insists on moving herself, rather than sitting passive and letting the man do what he will - is forgivable when Michaelis is the male (because he's premature, and meant to be pathetic), but it turns unforgiveable when it's women in general and especially Mellor's Bertha, who just refused to come when she should out of spite. Bertha just had a sick (!) urge to be In Control, demonstrating her essentially vicious and pathological nature. The only thing Mellors did wrong was to not put her in her place promptly - he "spoilt" her. On the other hand, a woman with an unfeminine urge to be In Control - that is, one who insists on moving herself, rather than sitting passive and letting the man do what he will - is forgivable when Michaelis is the male (because he's premature, and meant to be pathetic), but it turns unforgiveable when it's women in general and especially Mellor's Bertha, who just refused to come when she should out of spite. Bertha just had a sick (!) urge to be In Control, demonstrating her essentially vicious and pathological nature. The only thing Mellors did wrong was to not put her in her place promptly - he "spoilt" her. As for all those touchy-feely things that women so frequently enjoy? Forget it. Lawrence suggests that Mellors does at least sometimes kiss and touch, but if it happens at all it appears to be mostly incidental, nothing important. A Real Woman doesn't need foreplay. Just hop on and go, and if she's what she ought to be, she'll feel crashing waves and dark tides sooner or later.As for all those touchy-feely things that women so frequently enjoy? Forget it. Lawrence suggests that Mellors does at least sometimes kiss and touch, but if it happens at all it appears to be mostly incidental, nothing important. A Real Woman doesn't need foreplay. Just hop on and go, and if she's what she ought to be, she'll feel crashing waves and dark tides sooner or later.These were what I found the most embarrassingly inaccurate - that a woman's duty is to lie there, not too passive, but not too active, and come when she's supposed to (and if she doesn't, it's her own fault); while a man's job is to climb on top and "perform". All of this is based on what ought to be a perfectly logical set of assumptions that are, unfortunately, not true. The truth is that a woman's vagina is not the equal-but-opposite inverse of a male penis; there's a thing that both males and females start out with, which in a man becomes the penis, and in the woman becomes (or remains) a clitoris. Lawrence seems to assume that what a woman feels is similar to what a man feels - but he assigns this feeling to the wrong body part. These were what I found the most embarrassingly inaccurate - that a woman's duty is to lie there, not too passive, but not too active, and come when she's supposed to (and if she doesn't, it's her own fault); while a man's job is to climb on top and "perform". All of this is based on what ought to be a perfectly logical set of assumptions that are, unfortunately, not true. The truth is that a woman's vagina is not the equal-but-opposite inverse of a male penis; there's a thing that both males and females start out with, which in a man becomes the penis, and in the woman becomes (or remains) a clitoris. Lawrence seems to assume that what a woman feels is similar to what a man feels - but he assigns this feeling to the wrong body part. Women have always known about their own bodies; surely a man so dedicated to the advancement of sexuality could have and should have taken more time to research how women really feel about things, preferably apart from what women think men "want to hear". This, too, is no doubt why it has been accused of being "sexist". The author (or at least Mellors) openly blames women who cannot or will not "come to the crisis" when she ought, as if it were entirely of the woman's doing and had nothing at all to do with the man. Women have always known about their own bodies; surely a man so dedicated to the advancement of sexuality could have and should have taken more time to research how women really feel about things, preferably apart from what women think men "want to hear". This, too, is no doubt why it has been accused of being "sexist". The author (or at least Mellors) openly blames women who cannot or will not "come to the crisis" when she ought, as if it were entirely of the woman's doing and had nothing at all to do with the man. It's also likely that science will eventually prove (if it hasn't already) that women like Constance Chatterly are not the norm or 'what a woman ought to be' emotionally as well as physically. For all that Lawrence spends an awful lot of energy ripping apart what he sees as silly, even noxious emotions and desires - such as "intimacy" and "connection", both of which he has Constance openly ridicule - biologists are increasingly finding that not only do men and women tend to have different feelings and expectations when it comes to the sex act, but that there is believed to be an evolutionary advantage in these differences, based on the notion that a man's biological job is to get his DNA out there, while reproduction for a woman involves a heavy emotional and physical commitment. If this is true, it would be the woman who takes such a cavalier and reckless attitude toward sex who is the deviant, not the one who wants to connect emotionally with the future sire of her child. It's also likely that science will eventually prove (if it hasn't already) that women like Constance Chatterly are not the norm or 'what a woman ought to be' emotionally as well as physically. For all that Lawrence spends an awful lot of energy ripping apart what he sees as silly, even noxious emotions and desires - such as "intimacy" and "connection", both of which he has Constance openly ridicule - biologists are increasingly finding that not only do men and women tend to have different feelings and expectations when it comes to the sex act, but that there is believed to be an evolutionary advantage in these differences, based on the notion that a man's biological job is to get his DNA out there, while reproduction for a woman involves a heavy emotional and physical commitment. If this is true, it would be the woman who takes such a cavalier and reckless attitude toward sex who is the deviant, not the one who wants to connect emotionally with the future sire of her child. So - while there may or may not be women who feel as Constance does, at the same time it's not so clearly obvious that a woman "should" feel that way, as to justify Lawrence's open belittling of women whose emotional states don't match masculine emotional detachment and distance.So - while there may or may not be women who feel as Constance does, at the same time it's not so clearly obvious that a woman "should" feel that way, as to justify Lawrence's open belittling of women whose emotional states don't match masculine emotional detachment and distance.There's a lot of talk of "tenderness" - in fact, Constance keeps mentally accusing everyone in Venice of somehow "lacking tenderness" - but quite frankly I am unclear on what exactly is supposed to be so tender. The only thing he values about her is that he quite clearly likes having sex with her, but even there she only stands out particularly because a good sex partner is so difficult to find. There's a lot of talk of "tenderness" - in fact, Constance keeps mentally accusing everyone in Venice of somehow "lacking tenderness" - but quite frankly I am unclear on what exactly is supposed to be so tender. The only thing he values about her is that he quite clearly likes having sex with her, but even there she only stands out particularly because a good sex partner is so difficult to find. I can imagine a woman putting up with - but I cannot imagine a woman particularly treasuring - a man who rebuffs her when she wishes to talk, who is rude to her instead of treating her as equal (remembering she's a Lady) when she asks him questions, who calls her c--t as if that were her name, and generally treats her as if she were a whore. I could imagine a woman finding this fun if it were a game they jumped into and out of, but this is how their relationship really is; she spends far too much time begging or wanting to beg him for reassurance - for the things he won't say and the questions he won't answer - for me to find her undiluted enjoyment in their relationship particularly credible.I can imagine a woman putting up with - but I cannot imagine a woman particularly treasuring - a man who rebuffs her when she wishes to talk, who is rude to her instead of treating her as equal (remembering she's a Lady) when she asks him questions, who calls her c--t as if that were her name, and generally treats her as if she were a whore. I could imagine a woman finding this fun if it were a game they jumped into and out of, but this is how their relationship really is; she spends far too much time begging or wanting to beg him for reassurance - for the things he won't say and the questions he won't answer - for me to find her undiluted enjoyment in their relationship particularly credible.For what it's worth, I think life will be better when this book has become obsolete. It is exactly this sort of schlock that had women feeling pressured to fake their sexual responses - at great cost to their marriages, if not their selves. Those who agree that heppiness is linked to sexual satisfaction should be in favor of replacing this book with something that deals with sex in a way that reflects female sexuality in an honest and realistic fashion. As for those who just want a good read - I'd call it a matter of personal taste. Obviously some people enjoy this book. (Equally obviously, I did not.
 This bool from the evil russian is useless if you already own " naked warrior " .Good techniques  and informations nevertheless 
 Lets say you were reading a book on the mafia, written by John Gotti, or perhaps some lesser-known mobster.  And there was nothing but glowing accolades for the mob and it's activities.  Furthermore, anyone who opposed the mafia and it's activities was labeled an "extremist" and in the text, their names were never more than about 4 or 5 words away from words like "Ku Klux Klan," "racist," "bigoted," or "paranoid," you'd begin to suspect that the book was a bit biased, wouldn't you?Lets say you were reading a book on the mafia, written by John Gotti, or perhaps some lesser-known mobster.  And there was nothing but glowing accolades for the mob and it's activities.  Furthermore, anyone who opposed the mafia and it's activities was labeled an "extremist" and in the text, their names were never more than about 4 or 5 words away from words like "Ku Klux Klan," "racist," "bigoted," or "paranoid," you'd begin to suspect that the book was a bit biased, wouldn't you?"Americas Uncivil Wars" is a book written by Mark Lytle, a professor at Bard College.  He documents events in American History, in this book, from the 1950's to about 1975.  Practically every time a genuine conservative individual, or organization is mentioned in this book, it is associated to a racist organization, whenever Mr. Lytle doesn't add his own commentary.  For example, on page 22, he says Joseph McCarthy revealed himself as a "mean-spirited slob."  This is a far cry from the McCarthy I know, the McCarthy who wrote the brilliant "Americas Retreat from Victory" for example.  And forget about anything good mentioned about the John Birch Society.  Page 138: "Most Americans ignored the hooded Klansmen, the John Birchers, and other extremists..."  never mind the fact that JBS is not and never was a racist or an extremist organization.  But here is their name, sandwiched between the KKK and "extremist.""Americas Uncivil Wars" is a book written by Mark Lytle, a professor at Bard College.  He documents events in American History, in this book, from the 1950's to about 1975.  Practically every time a genuine conservative individual, or organization is mentioned in this book, it is associated to a racist organization, whenever Mr. Lytle doesn't add his own commentary.  For example, on page 22, he says Joseph McCarthy revealed himself as a "mean-spirited slob."  This is a far cry from the McCarthy I know, the McCarthy who wrote the brilliant "Americas Retreat from Victory" for example.  And forget about anything good mentioned about the John Birch Society.  Page 138: "Most Americans ignored the hooded Klansmen, the John Birchers, and other extremists..."  never mind the fact that JBS is not and never was a racist or an extremist organization.  But here is their name, sandwiched between the KKK and "extremist."It is a typical tactic of the left to associate the opposition with the "stench of racism" as Stalin may have put it (I don't remember his exact quote).  But you might ask, what about on page 89 where he refers glowingly to William F. Buckley as "the cornerstone of the anti-communist wing of conservatism...?"  Keep in mind that this is the same Buckley who years later, in Lingua Franca magazine, confessed that he would be a "Mike Harrington Socialist" or a "Communist" if he were college brat today. It is a typical tactic of the left to associate the opposition with the "stench of racism" as Stalin may have put it (I don't remember his exact quote).  But you might ask, what about on page 89 where he refers glowingly to William F. Buckley as "the cornerstone of the anti-communist wing of conservatism...?"  Keep in mind that this is the same Buckley who years later, in Lingua Franca magazine, confessed that he would be a "Mike Harrington Socialist" or a "Communist" if he were college brat today. Now on the other hand, try to find anywhere in this book, the words "murderer," or even "extremist" in front of names like Mao Tse Tung, or Che Guevara or Tom Hayden, to name a few.  There is a good reason for that, but I will leave it to your imagination, the reason why.Now on the other hand, try to find anywhere in this book, the words "murderer," or even "extremist" in front of names like Mao Tse Tung, or Che Guevara or Tom Hayden, to name a few.  There is a good reason for that, but I will leave it to your imagination, the reason why.In summary, should you decide to read this book, take it with a grain of salt, or better yet some motion-sickness pills because unless you are prone to the same convictions as our professor Lytle is, you're going to need a barf-bag
 The most depressing thing about a book like this is not the outrageously inaccurate content, but, based on the high ratings and adulatory comments by other reviewers, that most people actually believe this drivel. How can we possibly form an effective energy policy when the citizenry are not only uninformed but ill-informed? The answer is that we cannot. I will not bother to go through a detailed criticism, not only because it would take an almost book length document to do it, but because, in the highly politicized atmosphere we live in, no one would believe it. Today, the "truth" depends much more on one's political views than on an objective evaluation of the evidence.
 The cover claims that the book has been "revised and updated for the digital age," but Winston's information on technological tools is both superficial and already dated. The term, "PDA," does not even appear in the index
 I approached this title with all the expectations fostered by many friends endless promotions. I did my best to like it, to find some secret meaning, some redeeming quality within, to no avail. Actually finishing the book was an accomplishment, in my opinion. Ultimately I found the book aimless, soulless, and the promoter of everything negative about the human species. I know this sounds harsh, but time after time I felt let down by On the Road.I approached this title with all the expectations fostered by many friends endless promotions. I did my best to like it, to find some secret meaning, some redeeming quality within, to no avail. Actually finishing the book was an accomplishment, in my opinion. Ultimately I found the book aimless, soulless, and the promoter of everything negative about the human species. I know this sounds harsh, but time after time I felt let down by On the Road.No, I don't "dig" it, Dean
 I was disapointed when I downloaded it and got 8 pages.As a customer, I expected to have the digital version of the full book and not a summary.I thought that the price difference was due to the absence of paper, printing, handling, shipping, etc.The hardcover version is more than 300 pages; if you take the price per page of the digital version, the hardcover version should cost then ten times more!!!All the examples are referred to that version and nowhere I was said that I was paying 5 dollars for a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT PRODUCT. I honestly believed that I was buying the full book.I will think better before ebuying again...
 This guide to church growth has gained popularity during the recent trend of mega-church models and numerical prowess in evaluating the current health and future viability of individual churches.  Many of the theories and models are based on business studies and business growth theories.This guide to church growth has gained popularity during the recent trend of mega-church models and numerical prowess in evaluating the current health and future viability of individual churches.  Many of the theories and models are based on business studies and business growth theories.While the guide may be helpful in identifying strengths and weaknesses in your local congregation, its theories for projecting future growth or your church's demise are analyzed using European and Urban models, and have limited insight into the unique dynamics of the Christian church in the varied regions of North America as a whole.  While the guide may be helpful in identifying strengths and weaknesses in your local congregation, its theories for projecting future growth or your church's demise are analyzed using European and Urban models, and have limited insight into the unique dynamics of the Christian church in the varied regions of North America as a whole.  Most limiting in this perspective is the distinctly spiritual aspect of church growth which results in a gigantic disparity in trying to compare churches and businesses.  This is a manual for analyzing and strategizing, for plotting and planning to stock more "seats in the pews," and makes no significant mention of the actual spiritual journey or genuine troubles and struggles of the very real person searching for belief.  The philosophies of this book graphically illustrates why some other Christian writers such as Eugene Peterson, contend that too many pastors view the members of their churches as assets to be managed rather than human souls with questions, concerns, needs and priorities of their own.  Issues that cannot be forgotten in the numbers game of current church growth modalities
 I devoured all of this writer's books when I first discovered them and it had been quite some time since then when I bought this book. I'm a real sucker for a book with dogs so I dove right in only to become disappointed all too quickly. I didn't remember all the rambling. It is rampant! At times it was almost like reading a text book for all the 'skimming' that I did. I can't say it was a waste of time but some more editing would be appreciated
 I am both astounded and confounded by the reviews here.  Simply put, this is the single worst novel I have ever read.  Everything about it--the writing, the characters, the story--is godawful.  Here follows an absolutely true story.  While I was forcing myself to read this drivel, I went out on date.  She and I were discussing how much of a book one should read before giving up on it.  I was advocating the 25 page litmus, and she insisted on at least fifty.  She did several long train commutes a week to and from work, and so read a lot of novels.  Anyway, I started describing this book.  She recognized it immediately, and interrupted me saying, &quot;The Bear Went Over The Mountain!  Don't read another word!  If you think it's bad now, it only gets worse, if you can believe it!&quot;  She was right.  If you feel the need to find out for yourself, save your money and borrow it from a friend or the library
 Joseph Nye keeps repeating himself: multilateralism by global American charm attack. That is simply a stupid assumption. And it is untrue of American history in foreign relations. Nye still owes some answers to European scholars of International Relations who criticized his idea. In fact that is no personal multilateral approach..
 I found the book thought-provoking, but there is more to philosophy than provocation. The common underlying argument of this book, and its only valid statement as ethics, is that since the only purpose of ethics is to regulate human behavior, the ethics society adopts should reflect the kind of society we want to live in. This results-oriented approach is all very well, but Singer doesn't really build upon it through any legitimate philosophical argument. Virtually all of Singer's arguments about particular issues rest upon emotional premises that the reader either does or does not accept. If you accept the premise you are likely to find at least some merit in the argument; if you don't accept the premise, its impossible to follow along to any useful conclusion. In short, these are not ethical writings but the political writings of someone who is too smart for standard political discourse and not interested in limiting his thoughts to philsophy as a discipline. How useful you find this is up to you. I personally don't know Singer from Adam and had not received any prior indoctrination about how groundbreaking he was before I picked up the book; as a result, I have trouble seeing what people are so excited about
 This book is old news and is filled with predictions for 2005 & 2006 - most of which are inacurate.  His boom and subsequent bust theories are not materializing - and at this point even if they do will be of much smaller scale than his grand predictions (DOW over 40,000) presented in this book
 I originally wrote a review of this book in 1999, titled "This is a racist book disguised as a work of art."  It seems that I didn't explain well enough my objection to Styron's co-opting of the story of a real human being, Nat Turner, whose story was more accurately depicted in the 1831 book, "The Confessions of Nat Turner," by T.R. Gray.  Not only did Styron steal the title of Gray's book, in which Gray recounts his interview with the real Nat Turner, but the incidents Styron invents for the sake of drama reveal his southern-bred racism.  I originally wrote a review of this book in 1999, titled "This is a racist book disguised as a work of art."  It seems that I didn't explain well enough my objection to Styron's co-opting of the story of a real human being, Nat Turner, whose story was more accurately depicted in the 1831 book, "The Confessions of Nat Turner," by T.R. Gray.  Not only did Styron steal the title of Gray's book, in which Gray recounts his interview with the real Nat Turner, but the incidents Styron invents for the sake of drama reveal his southern-bred racism.  Unlike his depiction in Styron's book, Nat Turner was married.  Styron's invention of Turner's pivotal and conflicted relationship with a white woman, Margaret Whitehead, is entirely fictional.  So is any self-doubt that Turner did the right thing by leading the revolt.  In Gray's account, Turner did not express regret. There is so much more depth to Turner's life that is either fictionalized beyond recognition or left unexplored in this book.Unlike his depiction in Styron's book, Nat Turner was married.  Styron's invention of Turner's pivotal and conflicted relationship with a white woman, Margaret Whitehead, is entirely fictional.  So is any self-doubt that Turner did the right thing by leading the revolt.  In Gray's account, Turner did not express regret. There is so much more depth to Turner's life that is either fictionalized beyond recognition or left unexplored in this book.Do those facts make a difference in a work of fiction?  Yes. The parts Styron has unnecessarily fictionalized are key to the story he invented.  Turner's fictional relationship with Margaret is saturated in the southern myth that black men are obsessed with white women -- lusting for the forbidden fruit, for which they must die.  That Styron crawls into Nat Turner's skin in order to infect him with self-doubt about his mission emasculates Turner and diminishes his cause.  What offends me most is that Nat Turner's life deserves to be explored by a modern author who does not condescend or patronize this African-American hero.  Instead, we have William Styron's version of Turner's life, taken by many readers as fact.Do those facts make a difference in a work of fiction?  Yes. The parts Styron has unnecessarily fictionalized are key to the story he invented.  Turner's fictional relationship with Margaret is saturated in the southern myth that black men are obsessed with white women -- lusting for the forbidden fruit, for which they must die.  That Styron crawls into Nat Turner's skin in order to infect him with self-doubt about his mission emasculates Turner and diminishes his cause.  What offends me most is that Nat Turner's life deserves to be explored by a modern author who does not condescend or patronize this African-American hero.  Instead, we have William Styron's version of Turner's life, taken by many readers as fact.If one prefers racist fiction posing as a legitimate account of a life, then one might enjoy wallowing in this version of "Confessions."  But if one prefers reality, I recommend Gray's book as well as other accounts available about the slave revolt at Southampton, Virginia.  Styron's book does not provide significant insights into Nat Turner, slave revolt or slavery itself.  His book clouds the truth with the same kind of Reconstruction era distortions that spawned the hideous phenomenon of lynching
 I really love Amanda Quick, but this one just didn't work. We don't even get to see the hero and heroine meet and spend time together; the action starts after they've already spent a week getting to know each other. Very disappointing from a romance novel.I really love Amanda Quick, but this one just didn't work. We don't even get to see the hero and heroine meet and spend time together; the action starts after they've already spent a week getting to know each other. Very disappointing from a romance novel.And I don't really expect tightly woven mysteries in my romance novels, but the plot in this one defies belief. It's never explained why the first murder even occurs. The hero's fear that the murderer will focus on Venetia because she's using the last name "Jones" is beyond ludicrous. If that was going to be a major plot point, at least make it an unusual name that would link the hero and heroine together. But JONES?!And I don't really expect tightly woven mysteries in my romance novels, but the plot in this one defies belief. It's never explained why the first murder even occurs. The hero's fear that the murderer will focus on Venetia because she's using the last name "Jones" is beyond ludicrous. If that was going to be a major plot point, at least make it an unusual name that would link the hero and heroine together. But JONES?!All would be forgiven if the romance were compelling, but it wasn't in the slightest. I will probably choose to wait for the next one in paperback or at the library
 The notion of "interpretive communities" is at best derivative of Kuhn's classical work, The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, and at worst a framework of obstruction employed against those who wish to revivify literary theory and criticism in the wake of postmodern hegemony
 Like others, I picked this book up after reading several in the No. 1 Ladies...series.  No comparison.Like others, I picked this book up after reading several in the No. 1 Ladies...series.  No comparison.The story is in the first line on page one and the last three pages of the book.  I just don't understand the rest of this book.  Isabel never even asked the key question to the whole "mystery" until it slapped her in her silly face.  The mystery for me is - what is the Sunday Philosophy Club, and what in the world does it have to do with this book?The story is in the first line on page one and the last three pages of the book.  I just don't understand the rest of this book.  Isabel never even asked the key question to the whole "mystery" until it slapped her in her silly face.  The mystery for me is - what is the Sunday Philosophy Club, and what in the world does it have to do with this book?I'm sorry I spent the time on this - there are important books to be read
 This novel of a 17th century samurai's odyssey to Europe starts as a very straightforward story and rather continues that way, but towards the end, Endo does get in a few good points. The style is somewhat pedantic and staid, but easy to read. It's certainly not a zen classic and the story never really gets off the ground or totally convinces. The historical backdrops are paper thin and obvious cut-and-pastes from history textbooks. I must admit I am somewhat baffled by all the rave reviews here. I can only conclude that a lot of people who don't really have much experience of Japan, think they've stumbled upon some sort of motherlode of bushido spirit in this conveniantly Westernized piece of writing by a Japanesese Christian. Remember, not every Japanese woman is a geisha, and not every Japanese writer can wield his pen like a samurai's sword
 It took me a year to finally complete this book.  And honestly, the only reason I completed it was because I had nothing else on my bookshelf to read.  This book dragged on and on to the tiny climax about 5 pages from the end.  What a waste of such a beautiful book cover.  Do not waste a year of your life or a dime of your money
 The book had so much promise, but I find it to be disappointing in several ways, alas.  The recipes I've tried have been delicious, and the instructions accompanying those recipes are fairly clear and authoritative, although the discussions and instructions don't rise to the level of a cooking teaching tool, as would, for example, anything by Julia Child, Marcella Hazan, Jacques Pepin, or any of the King Arthur Flour baking cookbooks, all of which really teach one new skills while providing wonderful recipes.  In this case, I was already pretty experienced at making ice cream before I bought the book.  Were I a tyro, I don't think this book would be the best introduction, although of course there is nothing like plunging in and trying.The book had so much promise, but I find it to be disappointing in several ways, alas.  The recipes I've tried have been delicious, and the instructions accompanying those recipes are fairly clear and authoritative, although the discussions and instructions don't rise to the level of a cooking teaching tool, as would, for example, anything by Julia Child, Marcella Hazan, Jacques Pepin, or any of the King Arthur Flour baking cookbooks, all of which really teach one new skills while providing wonderful recipes.  In this case, I was already pretty experienced at making ice cream before I bought the book.  Were I a tyro, I don't think this book would be the best introduction, although of course there is nothing like plunging in and trying.My biggest disappointment, though, is the organization of the book:  ice cream recipes are "bundled" with their accompanying cookies, garnishes, and the like; instead of a group of recipes for chocolate ice cream, for example, we have a group of recipes for ice cream sandwiches, with ice cream of any of several different flavor families.  One has to dig around in the index at the back of the book to find, say, recipes for chocolate ice cream.  I would much prefer to have an index or table of ice cream recipes, by flavor and page number, right up front -- I don't want to spend so much time looking for the flavor I want.  My biggest disappointment, though, is the organization of the book:  ice cream recipes are "bundled" with their accompanying cookies, garnishes, and the like; instead of a group of recipes for chocolate ice cream, for example, we have a group of recipes for ice cream sandwiches, with ice cream of any of several different flavor families.  One has to dig around in the index at the back of the book to find, say, recipes for chocolate ice cream.  I would much prefer to have an index or table of ice cream recipes, by flavor and page number, right up front -- I don't want to spend so much time looking for the flavor I want.  My next disappointment is that the text is printed in a graphically attractive and most stylish but virtually illegible size and color.  My middle-aged eyes struggle desperately to read the book, even with my reading glasses on, and I surely can't prop the book 18-20" back from my utensils, to read as I work without changing position, as I like to do with my cookbooks.  This is a case in which the author and editorial team seemed to have chosen (admittedly very attractive) style over function.  The book IS very attractive, and the photographs are lovely -- but I would gladly sacrifice some beauty in favor of being able to read the recipes and discussions more easily.My next disappointment is that the text is printed in a graphically attractive and most stylish but virtually illegible size and color.  My middle-aged eyes struggle desperately to read the book, even with my reading glasses on, and I surely can't prop the book 18-20" back from my utensils, to read as I work without changing position, as I like to do with my cookbooks.  This is a case in which the author and editorial team seemed to have chosen (admittedly very attractive) style over function.  The book IS very attractive, and the photographs are lovely -- but I would gladly sacrifice some beauty in favor of being able to read the recipes and discussions more easily.My final disappointment is in the complexity and elaborateness of most of the "dessert packages," for lack of a better word.  Making the ice cream or sorbet and its accoutrements is, in most cases, a tremendously labor-intensive exercise.  I have opted for using some of the creative and delicious ice cream recipes and figuring out my own much simpler and easier garnishes and accompaniments.  I work a demanding job and have a house to run.  I love to cook, but can't devote as much time to making an ice cream sandwich, for example, as these recipes require.  So I use less of the book than I'd wish.My final disappointment is in the complexity and elaborateness of most of the "dessert packages," for lack of a better word.  Making the ice cream or sorbet and its accoutrements is, in most cases, a tremendously labor-intensive exercise.  I have opted for using some of the creative and delicious ice cream recipes and figuring out my own much simpler and easier garnishes and accompaniments.  I work a demanding job and have a house to run.  I love to cook, but can't devote as much time to making an ice cream sandwich, for example, as these recipes require.  So I use less of the book than I'd wish.Over all, Ms. Luchetti's sense of style and taste are impressive, and she seems superbly knowledgeable about frozen desserts.  And many of the ice cream recipes are lovely.  But I had hoped that this would be a book I would pull from the shelf much more often than I will, in fact, because the book is so difficult to use
 This is like teen-love-fiction, and by that I mean it's like a teenager wrote it, one who uses bad detail, cliche phrases, overused idioms, bad dialogue and poorly crafted plot.This is like teen-love-fiction, and by that I mean it's like a teenager wrote it, one who uses bad detail, cliche phrases, overused idioms, bad dialogue and poorly crafted plot.Meet mr. millionaire who teaches polo to a woman -- and they of course fall in love, slowly, boringly, painfully.   Then the kids come in and the remainder of the book is like a couple dealing with kids, with no plot development. Yuck.Meet mr. millionaire who teaches polo to a woman -- and they of course fall in love, slowly, boringly, painfully.   Then the kids come in and the remainder of the book is like a couple dealing with kids, with no plot development. Yuck.She says on the back she's responding to a call for something like energy and thrills and sexy writing.  Uh, not in this one.  The only sexy scene is on page 138, and that's not very good either.  She says on the back she's responding to a call for something like energy and thrills and sexy writing.  Uh, not in this one.  The only sexy scene is on page 138, and that's not very good either.  The best part of the book is that it proves she really does need to go back and learn the craft of writing because either she never learned it or she forgot what she learned
 Don't buy this book if you do not have to for a class. I did. As with most textbooks, it is a ripoff. Mankiw got a 1.4 million - MILLION - dollar advance for it. Who do you think pays that. What kinds of things does this text teach? Well, it contends that unemployment insurance and labor unions cause unemployment, because people do not want to look for work when they can fall back on the governmnet. This is the biggest load of hooey in the world. I guess when you are a rich, tenured professor it is quaint to see those people lining up who just lost their jobs because business major read your book. And minimum wage? Kills off jobs.Mr Makniw is now the chairman of the presidents council of economic advisors. What a job he has done. Worst jobs record since Hoover. Of course, if the capitalists honchos had their way, everyone else would be working for $2.75 an hour. Read this book, but go to the grocery store first. On top of the $100-plus you pay for this book, punk down 75 cents for a box of salt. You're gonna need every grain
 You think you are getting something to help assist you in linking yourself with the beyond, but you are in all actuality getting something that reads more like something being explained that the author doesnt really believe instead.  I love Konstatinos' other books, but this one left a bad taste in my mouth
 Dr. Freeman's justly esteemed "Lee's Lieutenants" -- a THREE VOLUME work -- still stands (despite the discovery of materials unavailable to Dr. Freeman when he first wrote in the 1930s and 40s) as the baseline for any study of the Army of Northern Virginia.  The cheap attempt by a modern publisher to squeeze a few cents out of the franchise, offered here, throws out TWO of every THREE words Dr. Freeman wrote to allow for a one-volume "abridgement" for those presumably too intimidated by the thought of reading three entire books.  Dr. Freeman's justly esteemed "Lee's Lieutenants" -- a THREE VOLUME work -- still stands (despite the discovery of materials unavailable to Dr. Freeman when he first wrote in the 1930s and 40s) as the baseline for any study of the Army of Northern Virginia.  The cheap attempt by a modern publisher to squeeze a few cents out of the franchise, offered here, throws out TWO of every THREE words Dr. Freeman wrote to allow for a one-volume "abridgement" for those presumably too intimidated by the thought of reading three entire books.  The three-volume work, as Dr. Freeman wrote it, was reprinted fairly recently.  If that is no longer available on Amazon, any decent sized used book store will have it in stock.  The three-volume work, as Dr. Freeman wrote it, was reprinted fairly recently.  If that is no longer available on Amazon, any decent sized used book store will have it in stock.  WHATEVER you do, avoid this butchered, one volume version like the plague
 This is probably one of the hardest books I have ever read--with no background in either philosophy or cybernetics, much of what Hayles discusses is just plain incomprehensible.  I also found it difficult to accept the idea of humans already being &quot;post-human.&quot;  If you are interested in deep philosophical writings on technology and the human condition, with links to literature, read this.  If you don't really care about the post-human, skip it
 I have to agree with Stephen Haines. This guy drags in everything but the kitchen sink. He makes Boehme a Gnostic, the troubadors, the Knights Templar, William Blake, the Masons, Jung, and finally, any physicist worth his salt.I have to agree with Stephen Haines. This guy drags in everything but the kitchen sink. He makes Boehme a Gnostic, the troubadors, the Knights Templar, William Blake, the Masons, Jung, and finally, any physicist worth his salt.I mean, some of these folks might not have been orthodox in their Christian practice, but being heterodox does not make one a Gnostic.I mean, some of these folks might not have been orthodox in their Christian practice, but being heterodox does not make one a Gnostic.How did he forget Meister Eckhart, and Sabbatai Tzvi? If he has Boehme as a Gnostic, then these also are Gnostic. How did he forget Meister Eckhart, and Sabbatai Tzvi? If he has Boehme as a Gnostic, then these also are Gnostic. He never distinguishes between Gnosticism as a group of sects, and gnostic practice, which pervades Kabbalah, Sufism,etc. He never distinguishes between Gnosticism as a group of sects, and gnostic practice, which pervades Kabbalah, Sufism,etc. This is just not a good book
 This book deserves no stars. This book deserves no stars. PLEASE stop buying and promoting this rotten book! This is a book about a rotten, selfish self-centered male who takes everything including the life of the female tree. Even at the end when he chops her down to sit on her as an old man, he's still unsatisifed and has a big scowl on his face!PLEASE stop buying and promoting this rotten book! This is a book about a rotten, selfish self-centered male who takes everything including the life of the female tree. Even at the end when he chops her down to sit on her as an old man, he's still unsatisifed and has a big scowl on his face!The female tree gives and gives and gives, and the male (from boy to old man) just takes and takes and takes and is never satisified, happy or thankful.The female tree gives and gives and gives, and the male (from boy to old man) just takes and takes and takes and is never satisified, happy or thankful.What kind of story is that?What kind of story is that?This is truly a rotten story. Don't buy it! Don't give this to your children!
 I read the back cover of this book and immediately knew most of what would happen.  As soon as I met the character who would turn out to be the driver, I knew the rest of the story.  It was extremely easy to figure out and quite disappointing.  The story's decent.  The text flows nicely, and the suspension of disbelief is strong, but where did Nick's originality go?  Where's the sweet and innocent charm of The Notebook, A Walk to Remember, and Nights in Rodanthe?  It seems like he's run out of steam, or didn't care too much about this one.I read the back cover of this book and immediately knew most of what would happen.  As soon as I met the character who would turn out to be the driver, I knew the rest of the story.  It was extremely easy to figure out and quite disappointing.  The story's decent.  The text flows nicely, and the suspension of disbelief is strong, but where did Nick's originality go?  Where's the sweet and innocent charm of The Notebook, A Walk to Remember, and Nights in Rodanthe?  It seems like he's run out of steam, or didn't care too much about this one.A decent book to read, but don't expect anything spectacular as you would with his earlier work
 I'm a long time fan of the Anna Pigeon mysteries, and have read all the others. Unfortunately, "Hard Truth" does not live up to the quality of Ms. Barr's earlier works. It feels very contrived. It also appears to take advantage of stereotypes against religious groups. This book just does not meet the expectations I've come to expect from the series.
 I've used the lonely planet guides on other trips before, and have always been very pleased, but this one left me with a different taste in my mouth.  LP was the only guide we purchased, based on our previous experiences with them, but we had the chance to peruse others in the B&B's we stayed in throughout our trip.  Of all of them, I'd rate the LP as the 2nd best for our interests - as they say, individual experiences may vary!  Ireland has become a very expen$ive tourist destination, so upon reflection, we would have been happier with the Rough Guide.  LP has just tried to hard to cover all levels of expense in one guide, and has ended up short-changing all of them in the process.  I hate to say it, but I'd rather see them do one thing well than 3 things mediocre at best.  I'd still put it above most of the other guidebooks though.I've used the lonely planet guides on other trips before, and have always been very pleased, but this one left me with a different taste in my mouth.  LP was the only guide we purchased, based on our previous experiences with them, but we had the chance to peruse others in the B&B's we stayed in throughout our trip.  Of all of them, I'd rate the LP as the 2nd best for our interests - as they say, individual experiences may vary!  Ireland has become a very expen$ive tourist destination, so upon reflection, we would have been happier with the Rough Guide.  LP has just tried to hard to cover all levels of expense in one guide, and has ended up short-changing all of them in the process.  I hate to say it, but I'd rather see them do one thing well than 3 things mediocre at best.  I'd still put it above most of the other guidebooks though.Our first and foremost gripe is how out of date the price estimates on everything are.  I realize it was published two years ago, but we gradually learned to depend on everything costing about 20% more than LP listed.  That's quite a jump for 2 years, indicating to me either poor fact-checking for the 2003 edition, or some pretty crazy inflation and a need for another update.Our first and foremost gripe is how out of date the price estimates on everything are.  I realize it was published two years ago, but we gradually learned to depend on everything costing about 20% more than LP listed.  That's quite a jump for 2 years, indicating to me either poor fact-checking for the 2003 edition, or some pretty crazy inflation and a need for another update.Our second gripe was the local maps.  They failed to provide maps for a lot of the smaller cities, and only provided maps of the city-center areas in the larger ones.  Given the rarity of Irish street signage, those maps would have been a God-send for navigation in towns.  Also, and this may be a function of the 2003 printing, a lot of the towns in Ireland are instituting one-way patterns in their city-centers, and LP's maps rarely identified this.  Our second gripe was the local maps.  They failed to provide maps for a lot of the smaller cities, and only provided maps of the city-center areas in the larger ones.  Given the rarity of Irish street signage, those maps would have been a God-send for navigation in towns.  Also, and this may be a function of the 2003 printing, a lot of the towns in Ireland are instituting one-way patterns in their city-centers, and LP's maps rarely identified this.  A third, again related gripe is with the existance, or lack thereof, of the various restaurants, b&b's, shops, etc. listed in the guide.  Probably 30% of the restaurants in the guide just aren't there any more.  I realize they must have been when it went to print, but that didn't help us any.A third, again related gripe is with the existance, or lack thereof, of the various restaurants, b&b's, shops, etc. listed in the guide.  Probably 30% of the restaurants in the guide just aren't there any more.  I realize they must have been when it went to print, but that didn't help us any.Our last gripe is the rather uneven coverage of large areas of the country.  Granted, it reflected perfectly the tourist patterns - heavy coverage of larger cities and popular tourist areas along the coasts, pretty awful coverage of less touristed interior areas.  Unfortunately, we didn't just want to go where all the other tourists go, so this left our noses still further out of joint.Our last gripe is the rather uneven coverage of large areas of the country.  Granted, it reflected perfectly the tourist patterns - heavy coverage of larger cities and popular tourist areas along the coasts, pretty awful coverage of less touristed interior areas.  Unfortunately, we didn't just want to go where all the other tourists go, so this left our noses still further out of joint.Overall, I'd say if you want a guide that covers the sightes well, both LP and Rough Guide do that.  If you want to keep the expenditures down, Rough Guide does it much better.  If you want to go all out, um, there's probably a third option, but neither of these two will do it well.  If you want to be thrifty in some areas and splurge in others, then this guide is the closest you'll get to filling your schizophrenic needs in one place - although, in that case, I'd really recommend getting two guides, one for each end of the spectrum.Overall, I'd say if you want a guide that covers the sightes well, both LP and Rough Guide do that.  If you want to keep the expenditures down, Rough Guide does it much better.  If you want to go all out, um, there's probably a third option, but neither of these two will do it well.  If you want to be thrifty in some areas and splurge in others, then this guide is the closest you'll get to filling your schizophrenic needs in one place - although, in that case, I'd really recommend getting two guides, one for each end of the spectrum.One last piece of advice - buy a heritage card when you get to your first castle/tomb/historic place!  If you plan on visiting more than one or two historic places, its 20e cost will be recouped within days with all the free admissions it will get you for the rest of the trip
 This is a childrens book and it is supposed to teach a positive message. It should have been tiltled the "jewish Mother " tree or something. So the message was Use me and use me and use me some more and after I'm all used up, use me some more and I will be happy. Thats something we want to convey to children
 Much of this book is very one sided.  In particular the sections on the environment are distorted and now known to be incorrect.  The book would be much better if they had not shown their bias
 Ayelet Waldman is a graduate of Harvard Law School, so I assume she's an intelligent woman and a good lawyer. She should stick to what she knows. The fact that she's married to a famous author doesn't make her a writer. Her novel is poorly written, overly sentimental and, to put it bluntly, very dumb. What's next? Padma Lakshmi writing a novel because she's married to Salman Rushdie? 
 I had read a book about the French and Indian war, one about the revolution and also the recent best seller,1776.  I found The War That Forged a Nation an excellant addition to my understanding of this important period in American history.  I would highly recommend it.  Very readable
 There isn't much I can add to previous reviews of Civilziation and Its Discontents. My own reaction (after 2 cracks at it, one in college, and one post-) is one of bafflement and boredom. With academic, convoluted language, Freud discusses the role of the individual with his neuroses and his conflicts with socialization and civilization. Many of his jumbled sociological observations are better recorded by previous thinkers--Rousseau, for example. His psychological conclusions have more or less been explored at length in his previous works. Therefore, the redeeming value is found, perhaps, in Freud's closing passages, eery portends of Europe's ugly years
 Unfortunately some audio books are read in monotone-very dull indeed-but in this audio book the reader goes too far in the opposite direction by reading an adult book as if it's story time and she's a preschool teacher. Unfortunately some audio books are read in monotone-very dull indeed-but in this audio book the reader goes too far in the opposite direction by reading an adult book as if it's story time and she's a preschool teacher. My daughters and I loved the main characters in audio books such as Bridget Jones Diary, The Nanny Diaries, and Sammy's Hill because the reader made us sympathize with them. We knew that whatever the characters did they did with sincerity and whatever happened to them could happen to anyone. Emily Gray, the reader of Can You Keep a Secret, made the main character sound witless and very, very phony. All of the other characters sounded one dimensional.My daughters and I loved the main characters in audio books such as Bridget Jones Diary, The Nanny Diaries, and Sammy's Hill because the reader made us sympathize with them. We knew that whatever the characters did they did with sincerity and whatever happened to them could happen to anyone. Emily Gray, the reader of Can You Keep a Secret, made the main character sound witless and very, very phony. All of the other characters sounded one dimensional.We listen to audio books on our frequent long car trips. Although we had nothing else to listen to at the time, we could only stand  of this book before we had to turn it off. A few weeks later I randomly read a few chapters of Can You Keep a Secret in a bookstore and thought that it was amusing. Perhaps Emily Gray didn't find the book amusing, so she thought that she needed to go "over the top" to add humor. If so, it didn't work. She took a lighthearted, enjoyable book and turned it into the equivalent of listening to nails on a blackboard.
 If you look at the March 2004 issue of the International Association of Bloodstain Pattern Analysts, you'll find a very negative review of this book. Given that the reviewer (Herbert Leon MacDonell, the Director of Laboratory of Forensic Science  Bloodstain Institute of Corning, New York) and all members of IABPA actively work in the field of forensics, I'd take their word for it. Here's an excerpt from the review, which can be found on the web at http://www.iabpa.org/March2004News.pdfIf you look at the March 2004 issue of the International Association of Bloodstain Pattern Analysts, you'll find a very negative review of this book. Given that the reviewer (Herbert Leon MacDonell, the Director of Laboratory of Forensic Science  Bloodstain Institute of Corning, New York) and all members of IABPA actively work in the field of forensics, I'd take their word for it. Here's an excerpt from the review, which can be found on the web at http://www.iabpa.org/March2004News.pdf"Many fine books have been written on the general subject of forensic science but this is not one of them. It only takes reading the first page for the reader to discover that this book is not going to be a source of accurate forensic information." "Many fine books have been written on the general subject of forensic science but this is not one of them. It only takes reading the first page for the reader to discover that this book is not going to be a source of accurate forensic information." The reviewer goes on to say:The reviewer goes on to say:"...the frightening aspect is that lay persons who purchase such garbage are unaware of how inaccurate the things they are reading really are. It is unfortunate that there are publishers out there who will print a manuscript without having some form of peer review to determine whether there are a few minor errors or is it so bad like this book, that they should trash it.
 First, I am a very open-minded person, raised by a hippy/Biker family.  I really expected to identify with this book.  While I appreciate the what Ina May's movement accomplished during its time, I felt like the book was almost a joke--verging more on detailing accounts of an occult community--A community of people living on old school buses in the woods, delivering each other's babies.First, I am a very open-minded person, raised by a hippy/Biker family.  I really expected to identify with this book.  While I appreciate the what Ina May's movement accomplished during its time, I felt like the book was almost a joke--verging more on detailing accounts of an occult community--A community of people living on old school buses in the woods, delivering each other's babies.The language is terrible---everything is described as "psychedelic," etc--one woman even referred to her female parts using the big "p" word.  While they try to add a personal touch by including individual narrations, it sounds more like a compilation of uneducated people describing their birth stories the way they were pressured to believe---NOBODY mentions feeling pain during labor. Honestly, I feel that the pressure of the community was so intense they wouldn't have admitted to pain if they could.The language is terrible---everything is described as "psychedelic," etc--one woman even referred to her female parts using the big "p" word.  While they try to add a personal touch by including individual narrations, it sounds more like a compilation of uneducated people describing their birth stories the way they were pressured to believe---NOBODY mentions feeling pain during labor. Honestly, I feel that the pressure of the community was so intense they wouldn't have admitted to pain if they could.Also, many of the accounts were extremely erotic---couple are encouraged to fondle one another during labor to keep connected and relaxed.  In some accounts, a couple would be making out, while a midwife would massage the birthing mother in her "laboring parts"--turning the woman on and keeping her relaxed.  Not my cup of tea.Also, many of the accounts were extremely erotic---couple are encouraged to fondle one another during labor to keep connected and relaxed.  In some accounts, a couple would be making out, while a midwife would massage the birthing mother in her "laboring parts"--turning the woman on and keeping her relaxed.  Not my cup of tea.I had so little respect for the lifestyle and the language of the people that I didn't get much out of the book
 I am soooo tired of Danielle Steel's books. They have lost all of the originality with which she used to write. Every book now has the same story line just different names for the characters. BORING!  What happened to the good stuff - Thurston House, Ghost, Kaliedescope ........  I am soooo tired of Danielle Steel's books. They have lost all of the originality with which she used to write. Every book now has the same story line just different names for the characters. BORING!  What happened to the good stuff - Thurston House, Ghost, Kaliedescope ........  I had stopped reading her books because I have been sick of the same old thing - I borrowed Miracle from a friend hoping it would indeed be a miracle and would be original Danielle Steel -I was completely wrong. I would guess her writing is suffering because she pumps out 2 to 3 books a year. Danielle if you are reading this (and I hope she is) PLEASE give us back something great to read - Quality instead of Quantity!  Until then I won't be buying or borrowing any more of her books.
 There is no measure how harmful and disastrous this "sermon" has been to all who have read or heard it.  The teaching of hell or everlasting damnation (eternal torment) is a pagan teaching that has been graphed into the teachings of Christianity over 1800 years ago.  The first century church never believed in a "hell".  The theory of hell was brought in by converts to Christianity from  pagan religions of the world.  "Hell" was embraced by the political/religious leaders of the church because they saw the controlling and "converting" effect of the pagan doctrine and thus it was adopted as "orthodox" centuries after the resurrection of Christ.  Our English translations have all been used to continue this pagan teaching as fact, when it is actually fiction.  Mostly all English versions except the Concordant Literal New Testament and Young's Literal propagate this fallacy.There is no measure how harmful and disastrous this "sermon" has been to all who have read or heard it.  The teaching of hell or everlasting damnation (eternal torment) is a pagan teaching that has been graphed into the teachings of Christianity over 1800 years ago.  The first century church never believed in a "hell".  The theory of hell was brought in by converts to Christianity from  pagan religions of the world.  "Hell" was embraced by the political/religious leaders of the church because they saw the controlling and "converting" effect of the pagan doctrine and thus it was adopted as "orthodox" centuries after the resurrection of Christ.  Our English translations have all been used to continue this pagan teaching as fact, when it is actually fiction.  Mostly all English versions except the Concordant Literal New Testament and Young's Literal propagate this fallacy.Do your homework.  Go to www dot what-the-hell-is-hell dot com and www dot bible-truths dot com and read up.  If you scoff then here is your challenge.  Do the research from a non-traditional, non-pagan perspective and you might find incredible things to praise God about.Do your homework.  Go to www dot what-the-hell-is-hell dot com and www dot bible-truths dot com and read up.  If you scoff then here is your challenge.  Do the research from a non-traditional, non-pagan perspective and you might find incredible things to praise God about.Other HIGHLY recommended books are "The Inescapable Love of God" by Thomas Talbott (ISBN: 1581128312, not on Amazon, you must google it), "The Origin and History of the Doctrine of Endless Punishment" by Thomas Thayer, "The Bible Hell" by Dr. John Wesley Hanson.  Go to the sites given above and finally get a better view of what "hell" is and where it came from.  You will find answers to the many questions that arise from searching this out.Other HIGHLY recommended books are "The Inescapable Love of God" by Thomas Talbott (ISBN: 1581128312, not on Amazon, you must google it), "The Origin and History of the Doctrine of Endless Punishment" by Thomas Thayer, "The Bible Hell" by Dr. John Wesley Hanson.  Go to the sites given above and finally get a better view of what "hell" is and where it came from.  You will find answers to the many questions that arise from searching this out.All those who scoff and stop up your ears and move on, to you I say that the real hell is the one that your doctrine creates in the minds and hearts of all who have been indoctrinated by it and your view of God that it creates.  THAT is hell indeed, and THAT is the ONLY hell that exists
 Sometimes I've enjoyed books by David Baldacci (WISH YOU WELLand THE WINNER come to mind); others, such as THE LAST MANSTANDING did little for me . . . add SPLIT SECOND, which I justheard, to that latter list . . . it was a disappointing mystery thrillerabout two disgraced Secret Service agents who come together tosolve two campaign-trail crimes . . . I cared little about any of thecharacters, and there were far too many subplots floating aroundfor my taste . . . the ending also didn't do much for me, as it broughttoo many separate threads together in too quick a fashion . . . lastly,I did not particularly "buy" the man behind the crimes; he just wasn't all that believable.
 This book belongs in the Fantasy section of the library.This book belongs in the Fantasy section of the library.Let's start with the question of Israel's borders.  Do some folks say that these borders ought to be the Nile and Euphrates rivers?  After all, Israel is kind of small.  Doesn't it need, um, a tiny bit more land?Let's start with the question of Israel's borders.  Do some folks say that these borders ought to be the Nile and Euphrates rivers?  After all, Israel is kind of small.  Doesn't it need, um, a tiny bit more land?Well, Israel may need a little more land.  But almost nobody is proposing anything like this.  I see very few Israeli politicians demanding even all of the West Bank, let alone all of Jordan.  And as for the Nile to the Euphrates, this is pretty much exclusively anti-Zionist propaganda.  There's a nice article by Daniel Pipes in the March, 1994 issue of Middle East Quarterly that goes into this in some detail, in case anyone cares.Well, Israel may need a little more land.  But almost nobody is proposing anything like this.  I see very few Israeli politicians demanding even all of the West Bank, let alone all of Jordan.  And as for the Nile to the Euphrates, this is pretty much exclusively anti-Zionist propaganda.  There's a nice article by Daniel Pipes in the March, 1994 issue of Middle East Quarterly that goes into this in some detail, in case anyone cares.Yes, we've seen propaganda before.  In the 1930s, some Germans claimed that the Jews were planning to take over the whole world.  Now, what do we see in this book?Yes, we've seen propaganda before.  In the 1930s, some Germans claimed that the Jews were planning to take over the whole world.  Now, what do we see in this book?What we see in this book is Chris Hedges quoting someone as saying that Israel allows state-funded religious schools to preach that Jewish rule should extend from the Nile to the Euphrates.  Is there any connection between this and truth?What we see in this book is Chris Hedges quoting someone as saying that Israel allows state-funded religious schools to preach that Jewish rule should extend from the Nile to the Euphrates.  Is there any connection between this and truth?Yes, there's a connection.  You see, in the Bible (in Deuteronomy), Moses says at one point that Israel's borders shall run from the river Euphrates to the "western sea" (presumably, the Mediterranean, but definitely not the Nile).  Of course, someone might want to ask a Jewish authority about what the Bible says.  It turns out that there's much more detailed material in the Book of Numbers, and that is what Pipes says religious Jews are taught is Biblical.  And that specifies a much smaller Israel.  In addition, it is quite a leap to go from Biblical borders, no matter how large or small, to preaching that Jews ought to rule such an area today.  Hedges is doing us a big disservice here.  You may want to check all this for yourselves.Yes, there's a connection.  You see, in the Bible (in Deuteronomy), Moses says at one point that Israel's borders shall run from the river Euphrates to the "western sea" (presumably, the Mediterranean, but definitely not the Nile).  Of course, someone might want to ask a Jewish authority about what the Bible says.  It turns out that there's much more detailed material in the Book of Numbers, and that is what Pipes says religious Jews are taught is Biblical.  And that specifies a much smaller Israel.  In addition, it is quite a leap to go from Biblical borders, no matter how large or small, to preaching that Jews ought to rule such an area today.  Hedges is doing us a big disservice here.  You may want to check all this for yourselves.In addition, Hedges has an exciting description of the Battle of Khafji (which took place during Desert Storm).  Some people who were really there dispute it, however.  You may want to check that as well.In addition, Hedges has an exciting description of the Battle of Khafji (which took place during Desert Storm).  Some people who were really there dispute it, however.  You may want to check that as well.We also see Hedges describe the behavior of Israeli soldiers in Gaza on June 17, 2001.  Now, remember that these soldiers are trained to obey orders.  Their superiors know that Israel can't afford unnecessary violence.  The soldiers are there to protect lives, not to hurt or kill others.  And in fact, it turns out to be true that in the fighting between Jews and Arabs, the Jews (as expected) have rarely been guilty of gratuitous violence.  On the other hand, the Arabs, who have rather different goals and constraints, have displayed quite a bit of bad behavior.We also see Hedges describe the behavior of Israeli soldiers in Gaza on June 17, 2001.  Now, remember that these soldiers are trained to obey orders.  Their superiors know that Israel can't afford unnecessary violence.  The soldiers are there to protect lives, not to hurt or kill others.  And in fact, it turns out to be true that in the fighting between Jews and Arabs, the Jews (as expected) have rarely been guilty of gratuitous violence.  On the other hand, the Arabs, who have rather different goals and constraints, have displayed quite a bit of bad behavior.Nevertheless, in spite of logic and facts to the contrary, in this book, Hedges comes up with the following (as usual, I encourage you to verify for yourselves what the truth is, and you might want to start by finding out how many people died that day and who they were):Nevertheless, in spite of logic and facts to the contrary, in this book, Hedges comes up with the following (as usual, I encourage you to verify for yourselves what the truth is, and you might want to start by finding out how many people died that day and who they were):"I had seen children shot in other conflicts that I had covered - death squads gunned them down in El Salvador and Guatemala, mothers with infants were lined up and massacred in Algeria, and Serb snipers put children in their sights and watched them crumple onto the pavement in Sarajevo - but I had never watched soldiers entice children like mice into a trap and murder them for sport.""I had seen children shot in other conflicts that I had covered - death squads gunned them down in El Salvador and Guatemala, mothers with infants were lined up and massacred in Algeria, and Serb snipers put children in their sights and watched them crumple onto the pavement in Sarajevo - but I had never watched soldiers entice children like mice into a trap and murder them for sport."Well!  What is it about Israelis that could lead them to behave in such a surprising manner?  Hedges speculates that exposure to all sorts of nasty reading material about the Holocaust has perverted these unfortunate young men.  Well, I'm perfectly prepared to believe that men and women from all nations have been exposed to all sorts of reading material.  But I don't buy Hedges' absurd conclusion at all.  Nor do I buy any of what he says about the behavior of the soldiers.  And no, I'm not in denial.  If you believe Hedges, I think you may be in denial, though!Well!  What is it about Israelis that could lead them to behave in such a surprising manner?  Hedges speculates that exposure to all sorts of nasty reading material about the Holocaust has perverted these unfortunate young men.  Well, I'm perfectly prepared to believe that men and women from all nations have been exposed to all sorts of reading material.  But I don't buy Hedges' absurd conclusion at all.  Nor do I buy any of what he says about the behavior of the soldiers.  And no, I'm not in denial.  If you believe Hedges, I think you may be in denial, though!I'll stop here.  Anyone capable of saying what I've quoted from Hedges so far is capable of saying anything.  We readers do not need this.
 Never received the book, so very disappointed at the delivery process and cost I have incurred
 The most disappointing thing about The News from Paraguay is the beginning, and not precisely because is a bad one, but because in the first chapters of Lily Tuck National Prize awarded novel,  there's a hint that  could have been better than it turn out to be.So I confess that  for a few pages (those that engage a reader with a book) I found  charming the decimononic  story of Ella Lynch, a beautiful widow living in Paris well beyond her means. That even when  Ella decided to follow hairy Franco -a paraguayan stud- not because his looks, not even for this foolish thing called love, but because  he smelled like luxury and power in a faraway land; I still found it a joyable read,  but right when she arrived to her privileged life of  "querida"  of the most powerful man in Paraguay and began to have one baby after another in tumultuous times,  The News from Paraguay became boring and I began to skip entire paragraphes until I got to a previsible end.Based on true facts, the life of a Paraguayan dictator and his irish  mistress; Tuck, who confessed that she never went and wasn't interested in ever going to Paraguay (i think she finally did) can't even get the spanish names right: Mauel, instead of Manuel, Rosaria, instead of Rosario; Iez, instead o Ins. What's the deal with the ?Maybe I lost something in my not so good english, but I still can't get why,  a so so novel like The news from Paraguay, can win a National Prize
 This is one of the few books so bad that I couldn't finish it.  There is no explanation of how things work,or in many cases what they really are.  I feel like the only motivation for any of the characters was greed, sex, or guilt about greed and sex.  Do not bother with this book
 Throughout my read, my head kept shaking with disappointment.  If the &quot;renaissance&quot; of hard SF relies on stories a full decade, even two decades, old, then the genre's future is feebly fixated on its past.  Not to say that some of the stories here aren't wonderful ... emphasis on &quot;some.&quot;  But dredging dead decades to claim a rebirth of hard SF fails to deliver on the title's promise.  This is more nostalgia than renewal, and you should read a library-borrowed copy if you want to reminisce about great writers past/passing.  But don't drop any real money expecting a glimpse into Sci-Fi's future
 The book is written about an empire in the future.  I'm not really sure why Asimov thought that the future galaxy would be ruled by an emporer, which is a dying system of government, instead of a democratic republic.  I know this is nit-picking, but I didn't like this book.  The book is written about an empire in the future.  I'm not really sure why Asimov thought that the future galaxy would be ruled by an emporer, which is a dying system of government, instead of a democratic republic.  I know this is nit-picking, but I didn't like this book.  Apparently, the future can be predicted with a high degree of accuracy using math and statistics.  Anyone who works as a mathematician or statistician, as I do, knows that it's difficult to predict what's going to happen in anyone's life tomorrow, much less the entire world 500 to 1000 years into the future using statistics.Apparently, the future can be predicted with a high degree of accuracy using math and statistics.  Anyone who works as a mathematician or statistician, as I do, knows that it's difficult to predict what's going to happen in anyone's life tomorrow, much less the entire world 500 to 1000 years into the future using statistics.This book is intellectual worship, which is something I can't stand.  Intellectual worship is when people think they are intellecually superior to everyone else, so feel they should rule over everyone else, if only you would listen to them.  This idea drips off the page as event after event is predicted by some really smart dude.  This smart dude predicted a collapse of civilization and treated it as inevitable.  Another idea that's patently absurd- that any event that occurs is inevitable.This book is intellectual worship, which is something I can't stand.  Intellectual worship is when people think they are intellecually superior to everyone else, so feel they should rule over everyone else, if only you would listen to them.  This idea drips off the page as event after event is predicted by some really smart dude.  This smart dude predicted a collapse of civilization and treated it as inevitable.  Another idea that's patently absurd- that any event that occurs is inevitable.If this guy was so smart as to predict, with a high degree of accuracy, the downfall of civilization, and the rising of a new one, along with the traumatic events this new civilization would go through, why wasn't he smart enough to avert the downfall of the original civilization.  Surely, with his predictive ability people would listen to him, but he decides to let it crumble for whatever reason.If this guy was so smart as to predict, with a high degree of accuracy, the downfall of civilization, and the rising of a new one, along with the traumatic events this new civilization would go through, why wasn't he smart enough to avert the downfall of the original civilization.  Surely, with his predictive ability people would listen to him, but he decides to let it crumble for whatever reason.And Asimov is a mediocre writer.  The story is only moderately interesting because no character really gets developed.  I read this book because as a sci-fi fan, I felt obligated
 My name is Big Samad Sefiane, I have been writing screenplays and making music since the age of 13. The only problem with thatbook which came out in feb. 2004 is very much a like my screenplay I have written and copyrighted before he released his book. I wouldn't rate a book, singer or songwriter who takes other peoples ideas and mixes it with his work. The book is too much similar to my screenplay Entitled HACKERS. After sept. 11, 2000 mail slowed down and it took me a year to copyright my screenplay. The screenplay as visible on the internet and also sent to strattford career institute for editing. The similar scripts will be reviewed by an entertainment attorney
 While this book put together by the Detroit Free Press has action photos, they are some of the most disappointing pictures i've ever seen in a book about a team's season. Where are the photos of Tiger players actually hitting a baseball? If you want to see photos of players celebrating and covered in champagne, talking to fans and media and blowing bubbles, then this is the book for you but if you want to see some actual fine baseball action shots from the diamond itself, be prepared to be frustrated. I much preferred the photograhy in the George Cantor paperback "Out of Nowhere" The Detroit Tigers' Magical 2006 Season. I know that this volume covers the Play-offs and World Series whereas the Cantor book doesn't, but it's photo collection is poor, the photos in the Cantor book are superb. If you are a Tiger fan you may enjoy this book very much, (the writing and articles are quite good at least)but my enjoyment was spoilt somewhat by hardly any pictures of Tiger players hitting baseballs or fielding grounders etc. Very disappointing, worth only 2 stars
 Edward Said, created a proble and made a career of the Israel Palestine Conflict, and conviently died before he could also resolve the death and destruction he brought to the Arab Palestinians. He was a one man destruction derby under the guise of poetry, linguistics and hate and he helped stir up anti Israel and anti Jewish hatred on every University he spoke at. Hopefully, this "vintage" book will become no longer relevant, ans disappear
 Can anyone tell me if the book words on the vine has an answer key with it? Thanks. sgra
 The only thing this book is good for is getting high with your friends then reading the dialogue aloud.  The thought that anyone actually believes or takes the "situations" in this crap serious is so befuddling it's scary.  This is nothing more than propaganda for some strange religious cult.  I don't know about you but if I'm going to buy a book to help me with my kids it's going to be by an expert, not some failed fiction writer
 I've read five of the nine "Temperance Brennan" mysteries that Kathy Reichs has published, but this is my least favorite. I lost interest about two-thirds through. I felt the villains were not fleshed-out, the murder mystery too complicated and unlikely, the ending too neatly contrived, and the personal/romantic side story too awkward. This one was also too long, by about 50 pages. Reading it felt like eating a stew in which there were a multitude of ingredients, yet they did not blend into a successful flavor. The other four of her novels were fine. I love the TV series as well, although "Bones" allegedly shows Dr. Brennan much earlier in her career, with the supporting cast and the job duties and locations totally different than what is found in the books. In the TV series, "Dr. Brennan" has a steady cast of supporting characters who grabbed my mind and heart very quickly. In the books, her lesser characters all seem...lesser, indeed. Better luck next time out, Dr. Reichs
 First off, so much of the copy is devoted to his horrible sense of humor, imagine a junior high school student "acting big" to impress his friends with jokes, that type of annoying bravura humor is simply unrelenting throughout the book.  It is filler.  The illustrations are sized so big the actual technical content of the book is quite low.  Just more filler.  Finally, all the techniques in the book can be found during normal operation of PS, or at worst a few internet searches.  I think this book is over-priced and I wish I could return it.  Caveat emptor
 If Tess is going to continue to write books like this, she should switch her publisher to Harlequin Romance, it will give the unsuspecting buyer a "heads up."If Tess is going to continue to write books like this, she should switch her publisher to Harlequin Romance, it will give the unsuspecting buyer a "heads up."It is not possible to describe the many short falls of this rather long boring novel without giving the romantic subplots away, let just say that the ME does no pathology as she is way too busy whining about an unatainable romance and the detective does no detecting as she is totally wrapped up in her parent's pathetic lives.It is not possible to describe the many short falls of this rather long boring novel without giving the romantic subplots away, let just say that the ME does no pathology as she is way too busy whining about an unatainable romance and the detective does no detecting as she is totally wrapped up in her parent's pathetic lives.There is a bit of a mystery bouncing around in the book, but it is hardly worth wading through all those pages.There is a bit of a mystery bouncing around in the book, but it is hardly worth wading through all those pages.Come on Tess, you can do better than this
 Totally disappointing.  From the beginning the novel read well, but like a Sherlock Holmes mystery at the end the person who committed the crimes came out of the blue .  I, personally, do not like reading this type of mystery....I want clues.  Alas, there were none.  Also, the characters did not make sense.....most were too undeveloped.....Mr. Patterson needs to go back to the drawing board & try to forget the $$$ he is being paid up front by the publisher
 I wish I could have back the numerous tedious hours slogging through White Noise to the bitter, bitter end.  Not since Jane Smiley's Moo has such a dull tome been written aobut, among other things, Ameican academia.  Little happens of note.  No one cares about the cardboard characters.  Someone gets shot in the belly, for no good reason.  And yet this is fawnedover as a comic masterpiece by, among others, The New York Times.  I ahve been told to read White Noise before I picked up Underworld.  Have no fear.  I'll undergo root canal without Novocain before I try that one on for size.  I've been reading nothing but plumber's trade journals and German magazines just to try to get the taste of this novel out of my mouth for the past few days.  I'm thinking of getting the definitive Curious George collection just so I don't have to read any words.  At least that guy in the big yellow hat knew enough to keep his mouth shut, unlike that noncompoop Jack Gladney and his boring friends.  If people prersist in thinking this is great literature, I suggest giving up reading altogether. 
 I didn't find the book too bad but it has no ending.  Did he leave out the last chapter?  I have always liked his books so hopefully he's got this out of his system
 Pirsig mistakes mental illness for deep philosophical thought; he mistakes child abuse for some form of "real" child rearing.  I just read his interview in the Guardian UK.   Although it has been years since I have read this book, it still leaves an awful taste in my mouth when I think about it.  I have read philosophy from classic to contemporary; I have lived in Japan and practiced Zen archery and Zen meditation - this book has only incorrect views of Western AND Eastern philosophy yet Pirgsig, to this day thinks he has contributed to the philosophical canon. This is proof that Pirsig remains deranged.  Moreover, in the Guardian UK interview he still found the time to criticize his son who was brutally murdered; Pirsig then tries to elicit sympathy by mentioning his son's murder. Pirsig is a perfect example of someone with Narcisstic Personality Disorder.  Pirsig's son should have sought court protection from his monstrous father and largely absent and/or capitulating mother.  If you are one of the poor souls who finds something "deep" in this very large pile of verbal manure then I think therapy would be money well spent
 The premise of the store is interesting.  How did left tackle become one of the most important positions in football?  The first half of the book does a fair job of walking through the reasons.  (West Coast offense, LT, etc.)  The premise of the store is interesting.  How did left tackle become one of the most important positions in football?  The first half of the book does a fair job of walking through the reasons.  (West Coast offense, LT, etc.)  Unfortunately, at that point Lewis runs out of things to write about, so he starts talking about Michael Oher, an O Lineman at Ole Miss.  Oher's story is intersting, but it is too early to tell.  He is a "superstar" but only a sophomore.  I also think that Lewis overdoes how great Oher already is.  Unfortunately, at that point Lewis runs out of things to write about, so he starts talking about Michael Oher, an O Lineman at Ole Miss.  Oher's story is intersting, but it is too early to tell.  He is a "superstar" but only a sophomore.  I also think that Lewis overdoes how great Oher already is.  I also don't really understand what Oher's story really had to do with the original premise of the book.  Is Lewis saying that because left tackles now make millions, Oher wants to be one?  I would think that if Oher had come around in the 70s people would still have thought of him as a football player.  Last time I checked lineman were big and strong (and quick) in that era too. 
 I love Linda Howard books.  I always look forward to her releases and this book was a gross disappointment to say the least.  I think the characters are not developed well, and the relationship between Cal and Cate occurred too fast.  The story was rushed and I'm sure Linda could have done much better writing on this book. 
 This is a liberal's study bible.  The study notes show the best 'modern' scholarship, which doubts Moses wrote the first 5 books of the bible.  Doubts the authorship of most of Paul's Epistles.  Even doubts that the beloved disciple John wrote the Gospel of John.This is a liberal's study bible.  The study notes show the best 'modern' scholarship, which doubts Moses wrote the first 5 books of the bible.  Doubts the authorship of most of Paul's Epistles.  Even doubts that the beloved disciple John wrote the Gospel of John.Believes Redactionary Interpretive Theory is valid.  Falls right in line with most modern and so called 'higher' critisim of the Bible.  Avoid this study bible, if you believe the Bible is really God's word from cover to cover
 I picked this book up at my public library because I had put it on my reading list a while back when I saw that the President(!) of the United States George Bush read it while he was on vacation too.I picked this book up at my public library because I had put it on my reading list a while back when I saw that the President(!) of the United States George Bush read it while he was on vacation too.I went to my local cofee place and got a MEDIUM regular cofee flavored cofee but in a LARGE cup (so theres room for plenty of milk which I like and also you only get charged for a medium even though its in a large).  Anyway I am reading this book and it seems okay but then this guy with a laptop bumps into my chair where I have rested my cofee which is not at all my fault because thats why the chair has a little ledge there.  So then this guy says he is sorry but that doesnt exactly unspil my cofee if you catch my meaning.  And he offers to pay for a new cofee but it doesnt really matter its the principle of the thing.I went to my local cofee place and got a MEDIUM regular cofee flavored cofee but in a LARGE cup (so theres room for plenty of milk which I like and also you only get charged for a medium even though its in a large).  Anyway I am reading this book and it seems okay but then this guy with a laptop bumps into my chair where I have rested my cofee which is not at all my fault because thats why the chair has a little ledge there.  So then this guy says he is sorry but that doesnt exactly unspil my cofee if you catch my meaning.  And he offers to pay for a new cofee but it doesnt really matter its the principle of the thing.Anyway then he leaves and I notice my copy of the book has cofee spilled on it not just my pants as I thought previously.  So I'm not about to read a book with cofee stains all over it so I take it back to the library.Anyway then he leaves and I notice my copy of the book has cofee spilled on it not just my pants as I thought previously.  So I'm not about to read a book with cofee stains all over it so I take it back to the library.Now here I have to point out that I had a little incident a couple weeks back with the librarian and long story short they lost a book about a fireman that I returned and made me pay for it but not without a fight.  Well you better believe that same librarian who yelled at me is watching me now whenever I go in there and she sees that cofee stain right off when I turn the book in.  I explain that its still perfectly good and you can still read it and it wasnt even my fault and maybe they should get the $8.50 from the cofee house they made the cofee not me.Now here I have to point out that I had a little incident a couple weeks back with the librarian and long story short they lost a book about a fireman that I returned and made me pay for it but not without a fight.  Well you better believe that same librarian who yelled at me is watching me now whenever I go in there and she sees that cofee stain right off when I turn the book in.  I explain that its still perfectly good and you can still read it and it wasnt even my fault and maybe they should get the $8.50 from the cofee house they made the cofee not me.But you can guess how this ended up.  I am down another $8 dollars and change (I paid the .50 cents in pennies I got from the place I keep pennies in the car which got me a cross look since I counted them out one by one but it was worth it).  And I never finished the book since it was ruined.But you can guess how this ended up.  I am down another $8 dollars and change (I paid the .50 cents in pennies I got from the place I keep pennies in the car which got me a cross look since I counted them out one by one but it was worth it).  And I never finished the book since it was ruined.But! I liked the parts I read "okay" and if the President likes it I guess it gets FOUR STARS only I made it TWO STARS because I only read half.  Maybe I will read the second half later if that librarian retires and then I will come back and give this book it's missing TWO STARS if it ends well.But! I liked the parts I read "okay" and if the President likes it I guess it gets FOUR STARS only I made it TWO STARS because I only read half.  Maybe I will read the second half later if that librarian retires and then I will come back and give this book it's missing TWO STARS if it ends well.Lesson learned is life is not always fair but you "keep on keepin on" like they say
 To say Christianity will die is to say that one can see the end of the world. Purely craziness. Christianity will live as long as the world exists. What is died is the faith for many Christians, what has been changed is our faith (by money, pride, and selfishness) and consequently, our church and our societies. To say Christianity will die is to say that one can see the end of the world. Purely craziness. Christianity will live as long as the world exists. What is died is the faith for many Christians, what has been changed is our faith (by money, pride, and selfishness) and consequently, our church and our societies. What dominants many US and European Christian churches is a worldly Christianity, a Christianity affected by the materialism, and world-view. The exact thing that Jesus repeatedly condamned. What dominants many US and European Christian churches is a worldly Christianity, a Christianity affected by the materialism, and world-view. The exact thing that Jesus repeatedly condamned. I feel extremely sad when I can see pasters and evangelists earn 6-figure salaries, live in luxury houses, air-travel in business class, or socialize with social elite. I feel extremely sad when I see young theology students without born-again experience and spiritual life become pasters and preasts. I feel extremely sad when I can see pasters and evangelists earn 6-figure salaries, live in luxury houses, air-travel in business class, or socialize with social elite. I feel extremely sad when I see young theology students without born-again experience and spiritual life become pasters and preasts. Jesus have given us great mission: to preach gospel to every corner in the world. But money, pride, and selfishness have consumed the hearts and sole of many Christians and today they love the world more than they love Jesus. Are they still Christians? Of course not. Jesus have given us great mission: to preach gospel to every corner in the world. But money, pride, and selfishness have consumed the hearts and sole of many Christians and today they love the world more than they love Jesus. Are they still Christians? Of course not. To say Christianity needs change is purely nonesense. Only person see himself greater than Jesus would say something like that. What needs to be changed is ourselves, not Christianity. Because we have embaked a wrong way, following the world and not following Jesus. Because we have embaked a wrong way, following the world and not following Jesus. Because we have embaked a wrong way, following the world and not following Jesus. Because we have embaked a wrong way, following the world and not following Jesus. 
      Bill O'Reilly has a good reason for his massive paranoia:  Somewhere, deep in the recesses of his brain, he knows something's wrong.  Only he's got it backwards:  The "secular progressives" are doing just fine, but he's the one with the serious problem.  Here's a guy who had to pay millions of bucks to settle a sexual harassment suit; yet, he's proclaiming himself the arbiter of the correct, "traditional" point of view.  Only in an era of the stupid, undereducated and witless would Bill O'Reilly have a modest role to play.  Save your money
 i am currently subjecting myself to finance curriculum at a quant-heavy, top-5 bschool.  this text was recommended for my Intro Cap Markets class (although the prof didnt exactly use it in the class).i am currently subjecting myself to finance curriculum at a quant-heavy, top-5 bschool.  this text was recommended for my Intro Cap Markets class (although the prof didnt exactly use it in the class).i often used it to gain understanding of what was taught in class.  unfortunately, i found this book to be EXTREMELY painful.  it was verbose, overly complicated, hard to read, poorly organized & full of jargon.  while it is thorough in its coverage of Capital Markets & instruments, i found it to be nearly impossible to read.i often used it to gain understanding of what was taught in class.  unfortunately, i found this book to be EXTREMELY painful.  it was verbose, overly complicated, hard to read, poorly organized & full of jargon.  while it is thorough in its coverage of Capital Markets & instruments, i found it to be nearly impossible to read.esoteric theories & mathematical proofs were introduced with little background, and often without insufficient detail to understand grasp.  but the jargon & vocabulary are what made the book so unreadable ... trying to read a chapter in this book would literally consume 4-5 hours of my time.esoteric theories & mathematical proofs were introduced with little background, and often without insufficient detail to understand grasp.  but the jargon & vocabulary are what made the book so unreadable ... trying to read a chapter in this book would literally consume 4-5 hours of my time.AND forget about trying to use this book to do problemsets OR assignments. i could go on, but trust me, this book is bad ... UNLESS you already have a good intro & just want to use this as a reference
 Very disappointing and BORing! NO likeable characters, VERY uninteresting story.  Could/Would not finish--too many "better" books waiting
 I have enjoyed the Miss Julia books tremendously but this is my least favorite.Miss Julia is married to Sam Murdoch. Poor guy is sent to find the missing Hazel Marie in one part and is gone for a good deal of the story. Miss Julia does not even make a case of those missing hours! It is as if the author could really care less.There are so many little plots that you feel as if the author had several ideas and just took one and expanded it but left the others to show all the complications in this woman's life. There are times when Miss Julia seems to self-centered and the tongue in cheek mood of the other books in this series is really not present here. I found her less likable and also less believable. She has taken in her husband's mistress ad illegitimate child. Now, there is a question about the child's paternity and she is tolerating the whole thing!!!!!Perhaps other books in the series would be a better intro for the uninitiated
 "Col Mike Martin" raised in Iraq, speaks fluent arabic........."Col Mike Martin" raised in Iraq, speaks fluent arabic.........The Taliban are Pashtoon, they are not arabs, they don't speak arabic, they don't even like arabs very much. They are a totaly closed tribal society. I spent a year living and working with the Pashtoon in 2005 in Helmand Province. There are no members of the Taliban who are not Pashtoon. The other ethnic groups in Afghanistan, the Tajik and the Hazara, are opposed to the Taliban.The Taliban are Pashtoon, they are not arabs, they don't speak arabic, they don't even like arabs very much. They are a totaly closed tribal society. I spent a year living and working with the Pashtoon in 2005 in Helmand Province. There are no members of the Taliban who are not Pashtoon. The other ethnic groups in Afghanistan, the Tajik and the Hazara, are opposed to the Taliban.Mike Martin would not have the correct family, clan and tribal ties and background to carry this off.Mike Martin would not have the correct family, clan and tribal ties and background to carry this off.Sorry, but Forsythe has dropped the ball on this one.
 Don't make the mistake of judging the entire Hard Case Crime series by this lackluster entry.Don't make the mistake of judging the entire Hard Case Crime series by this lackluster entry.I can imagine the publishers being overjoyed when Stephen King agreed to write a novel for them and then cringing when they received this manuscript.  The writing is fine, as you'd expect from King, but there's nothing remotely hard-boiled or sexy in this novel.  (Don't let the cover fool you!)  It's simply the meandering story of an apparent murder that happened years before.  There are a couple of interesting hooks, but they certainly don't lead anywhere.  This one's for Stephen King completists only.I can imagine the publishers being overjoyed when Stephen King agreed to write a novel for them and then cringing when they received this manuscript.  The writing is fine, as you'd expect from King, but there's nothing remotely hard-boiled or sexy in this novel.  (Don't let the cover fool you!)  It's simply the meandering story of an apparent murder that happened years before.  There are a couple of interesting hooks, but they certainly don't lead anywhere.  This one's for Stephen King completists only.
 PROS: 1. John Corey is still a funny, memorable character.PROS: 1. John Corey is still a funny, memorable character.CONS: 1. Very little suspense. The author's use of a doomed character's point of view--switching to third person--to tell the reader all of the hows and whys of the main villain's Dr. Evil-esque plan ("FIRE THE NUKE!"). Then, after we know everything, we get plopped back into the first-person, investigative head of Corey, who doesn't yet have the story solved. The result is predicatable and tedious.CONS: 1. Very little suspense. The author's use of a doomed character's point of view--switching to third person--to tell the reader all of the hows and whys of the main villain's Dr. Evil-esque plan ("FIRE THE NUKE!"). Then, after we know everything, we get plopped back into the first-person, investigative head of Corey, who doesn't yet have the story solved. The result is predicatable and tedious.2. The don't-look-behind-the-curtain (gratuitous?) use of the Ted Nash character, who makes a brief appearance at the end...despite having died in NIGHTFALL...and, uh, THE LION'S GAME. Why is Ted's appearance so brief here? Well, he admits to screwing Ms. Mayfield. Naturally, Ms. Mayfield opens fire and fills Ted with bullets. Presumably, Ted's dead for good now. 2. The don't-look-behind-the-curtain (gratuitous?) use of the Ted Nash character, who makes a brief appearance at the end...despite having died in NIGHTFALL...and, uh, THE LION'S GAME. Why is Ted's appearance so brief here? Well, he admits to screwing Ms. Mayfield. Naturally, Ms. Mayfield opens fire and fills Ted with bullets. Presumably, Ted's dead for good now. 3. The politics of DeMille's novels has been present in other books, but it's never been this catty. Why is the nuke kook a right-winger? (Hey, why not?) I should have known when the jacket cover said the book "will challenge you to question everything you thought you knew about your leaders and your country." The only thing this book has made me question is how anyone can seriously be more worried about conservatives nuking L.A. and San Francisco than the real terrorists out there...the ones who want to slit throats and post the footage on the web.  3. The politics of DeMille's novels has been present in other books, but it's never been this catty. Why is the nuke kook a right-winger? (Hey, why not?) I should have known when the jacket cover said the book "will challenge you to question everything you thought you knew about your leaders and your country." The only thing this book has made me question is how anyone can seriously be more worried about conservatives nuking L.A. and San Francisco than the real terrorists out there...the ones who want to slit throats and post the footage on the web.  4. Continuity problems from how the last book, NIGHTFALL ended...Corey and his wife seem way too disaffected by it all. Yep, they are bothered by 9/11, but they are both working their same jobs, apparently having gotten over the whole sickening coverup (witnessed via videotape) that the "accident" of the TWA flight 800 was really caused by a missile. There is passing reference to this, but not much. Apparently, a guy like Corey doesn't do much soul searching. He just keeps going to work. In realilty, it's hard not to notice that DeMille still doesn't know how to deal with the storytelling hole he got himself in with the last book.4. Continuity problems from how the last book, NIGHTFALL ended...Corey and his wife seem way too disaffected by it all. Yep, they are bothered by 9/11, but they are both working their same jobs, apparently having gotten over the whole sickening coverup (witnessed via videotape) that the "accident" of the TWA flight 800 was really caused by a missile. There is passing reference to this, but not much. Apparently, a guy like Corey doesn't do much soul searching. He just keeps going to work. In realilty, it's hard not to notice that DeMille still doesn't know how to deal with the storytelling hole he got himself in with the last book.Corey is really all this book has going for it. And, while in his capable hands the world will be saved from kooky nuclear schemes from kooky Republicans, he can't save this book.Corey is really all this book has going for it. And, while in his capable hands the world will be saved from kooky nuclear schemes from kooky Republicans, he can't save this book.I think I'm done with DeMille, for better or for worse
 Clarke's glaring research error: Author of The Prophet, Kahlil Gibran (1883-1931), in an article titled "The New Frontier" wrote "Are you a politician asking what your country can do for you or a zealous one asking what can you do for your country?". Clarke sure missed this one, as have so many before him. Did Kennedy just paraphrase, or did he plagarize? I would have liked to have seen Clarke deal with this sticky issue.
 I was so excited when I initially bought this book and honestly, when I read it I was disappointed.  I thought it was a bit dry and boring to read through, despite the useful tips.  Although the authors try hard, they really don't convey the spirit and fun that college life has to offer
 While I found this book interesting and informative when it dwelled upon the personalities and contributions of the physicists who discovered and explored the field of quantum mechanics prior to WW2, I found two problems with the book as it entered the war.  First, it spent too much time, at least for me, on the details of minor episodes and players.  In this sense, I might have appreciated the treatment had I been a scholar researching the field - but I wasn't.  Hence, I often found the reading dull.  Second, I found Powers' ultimate thesis - that Heisenberg purposefully delayed the German atomic bomb program - unpersuasive.  It appeared to me that Powers often strained his interpretation of the facts to make them conform to his thesis.  For example, when reviewing Heisenberg's "Farm Hall" statement in August 1945 that two tons of U235 was required to make an atomic bomb, Powers suggests that because Heisenberg articulated the appropriate lesser amount a week later,  and because he purportedly suggested at an earlier date that a bomb could be the size of a football, his "two ton" statement was a purposeful "error." Equally persuasive, if not more, is the simple thought that Heisenberg did indeed grossly overestimate what was required, thereby prompting him to tell Speer in 1942 that a bomb was impractical. This is not to say that Powers is necessarily wrong.  I simply believe that based on the facts he presents, the issue remains debatable
 This is not what I expected or wanted.  The book is written for business senarios with very few suggestions of a personal nature.  The description of the book does not indicate that it is mainly for business use
 I know H. James is considered one of the "Greats" of American literature and I question my taste for hating most of his writing.  With few exceptions I think he is  a pretentious purveyor of obscurantism.  I read Wings of the Dove many years ago in the days when I would not allow myself to set aside books I did not enjoy.  I recently picked up a collection of his short stories and remembered why I disliked him so much.  Now in my old age I had no pangs of conscience when I happily closed the book before finishing it.  If more of the stories had been like Daisy Miller I would have proceeded further but unfortunately much of the writing reminded me of Wings.  I am currently seeking  relief from Henry's turgid prose by reading Hemingway.  I'd trade in a Henry  for an Ernie any day.  It's also difficult to like Mr. James' snobbish, shallow and unsympathetic characters.  The more sympathetic ones were obscured by his heavy hand and my impatience with his style.      I know H. James is considered one of the "Greats" of American literature and I question my taste for hating most of his writing.  With few exceptions I think he is  a pretentious purveyor of obscurantism.  I read Wings of the Dove many years ago in the days when I would not allow myself to set aside books I did not enjoy.  I recently picked up a collection of his short stories and remembered why I disliked him so much.  Now in my old age I had no pangs of conscience when I happily closed the book before finishing it.  If more of the stories had been like Daisy Miller I would have proceeded further but unfortunately much of the writing reminded me of Wings.  I am currently seeking  relief from Henry's turgid prose by reading Hemingway.  I'd trade in a Henry  for an Ernie any day.  It's also difficult to like Mr. James' snobbish, shallow and unsympathetic characters.  The more sympathetic ones were obscured by his heavy hand and my impatience with his style.      
 Earlier this year I reviewed what many will see as the companion volume to this book ("Photoshop Blending Modes Cookbook for Digital Photographers"), written by the same author. Unfortunately, the newer publication is less useful. It seems to have been written on a pretext that it's clever to be able to duplicate what traditional artists can do. This seems - from my own personal viewpoint - to be greatly undervaluing the power of Photoshop (and similar software). Practitioners of digital fine art should (really, constructively) be looking to explore what the principles of prior and traditional art can mean within a new domain.Earlier this year I reviewed what many will see as the companion volume to this book ("Photoshop Blending Modes Cookbook for Digital Photographers"), written by the same author. Unfortunately, the newer publication is less useful. It seems to have been written on a pretext that it's clever to be able to duplicate what traditional artists can do. This seems - from my own personal viewpoint - to be greatly undervaluing the power of Photoshop (and similar software). Practitioners of digital fine art should (really, constructively) be looking to explore what the principles of prior and traditional art can mean within a new domain.Plus, the book gets off to a definitely poor start. The second and longer of two introductory sections is titled "The Tricks of the Trade". Well it would be better if just some of the "tricks" had been explained in full and more accurately.  Say, how to make a selection in Photoshop from the best available precursor (a black-and-white alpha channel). Or say again, how to make tonal corrections to the original photograph using a luminance mask. Then again, the first (and shorter) of the introductory chapters, titled "The Artist's Eye", is just a teaser. This topic - pre-visualizing what can be achieved as an output image when composing the original photographic input - could have benefited from a much more detailed explanation/argument. Indeed, it could even merit an expansive concluding chapter (but the book doesn't have one of those at all ....). This is, after all, at the very core of what the user could harness to any given artistic objective.Plus, the book gets off to a definitely poor start. The second and longer of two introductory sections is titled "The Tricks of the Trade". Well it would be better if just some of the "tricks" had been explained in full and more accurately.  Say, how to make a selection in Photoshop from the best available precursor (a black-and-white alpha channel). Or say again, how to make tonal corrections to the original photograph using a luminance mask. Then again, the first (and shorter) of the introductory chapters, titled "The Artist's Eye", is just a teaser. This topic - pre-visualizing what can be achieved as an output image when composing the original photographic input - could have benefited from a much more detailed explanation/argument. Indeed, it could even merit an expansive concluding chapter (but the book doesn't have one of those at all ....). This is, after all, at the very core of what the user could harness to any given artistic objective.Additionally, I think that it's strange that a book such as this simply makes no reference at all to what could be printed from the recipes it contains. Some of the finished (output) images might look quite intriguing as 3 by 5 inch reproductions in the book - but does the methodology hold up if you're targeting a 20 by 36 inch output (say) on a large format printer? And what to do if that's not the case? Finally, and in common with the earlier companion volume, this book suffers from strange and inconsistent layouts of screenshots and text, plus all sorts of technical and editing omissions/errors (which include, for example, having the wrong screenshot in the wrong recipe - see p.108)
 This book is not worth wasting your money on.  The techniques that are represented look OK to the untrained eye, but if you examine them closely, you will notice many mistakes.  The techniques are sparse, one per angle.  They are also demonstrated with poor posture and attack.  To the novice,  this book may appear to represent the art of Cabales Serrada Escrima, but  it does not.  More than half of the book is unrelated to the system of  Serrada. This book does nothing to show the effectiveness of Cabales  Serrada Escrima
 The monographs lack any sort of scientific references.  A true reference manual should list references so the reader can verify the conclusions made
 Ultimately the ending was so outrageous that it took away from the rest of the story. I would not recommend it to anyone for that reason. I've already given my copy away.
 i was more than willing to give None Dare Call It Treason a chance, as i found the scale of Stormer's research impressive. However, the fact that none of his predictions concerning a massive Communist takeover in America came to pass, coupled with his outspoken admiration for McCarthy and truly insane predictions like this:i was more than willing to give None Dare Call It Treason a chance, as i found the scale of Stormer's research impressive. However, the fact that none of his predictions concerning a massive Communist takeover in America came to pass, coupled with his outspoken admiration for McCarthy and truly insane predictions like this:"Once the takeover comes, you, like millions of others, who believe in God and man's responsibility for his own actions, can be slaughtered like diseased animals or worked to death in slave labor camps or brothels for the Red Army." p. 20"Once the takeover comes, you, like millions of others, who believe in God and man's responsibility for his own actions, can be slaughtered like diseased animals or worked to death in slave labor camps or brothels for the Red Army." p. 20have forced me to conclude that Stormer's thesis was overwhelmingly incorrect. Perhaps the most irritating part of the book was his suggestion that the American educative system was hopelessly pro-Communist. The fact that None Dare Call It Treason was distributed in American high school classes rather undermines his argument.the sad thing is, because None Dare Call It Treason is so exhaustively researched, it is far too dry to be amusing, even when read ironically. and ironic amusement is the only positive product of propaganda.in closing, i would take Communism over John A. Stormer's America any day
 If the author's misuse of the apostrophe in the title is any indication of how they wrote the rest of the book, I would stay away
 I recently picked up a copy of Mage: The Awakening not knowing quite what to expect. Since Ars Magica I've loved Mage. From GURPs I quickly switched over to White Wolf's editions of Mage: The Ascension, finally setting on the revised copy most commonly used on game sites today.I recently picked up a copy of Mage: The Awakening not knowing quite what to expect. Since Ars Magica I've loved Mage. From GURPs I quickly switched over to White Wolf's editions of Mage: The Ascension, finally setting on the revised copy most commonly used on game sites today.Mage: The Ascension Revised was truly a delight, featuring a complexity never seen before in role playing games. A complexity that made working magic truly fun, sure there were flaws, without a good Storyteller you could easily abuse the open ended magic system to do absolutely anything you wanted... but it was a good price to pay for flexibility, interesting possibilities and an all around great RP system.Mage: The Ascension Revised was truly a delight, featuring a complexity never seen before in role playing games. A complexity that made working magic truly fun, sure there were flaws, without a good Storyteller you could easily abuse the open ended magic system to do absolutely anything you wanted... but it was a good price to pay for flexibility, interesting possibilities and an all around great RP system.Is it fair to compare Mage: The Awakening with Mage: The Ascension Revised? Of course not, the game has to be based on its own merits and flaws. The problem is that this game seems to suffer from a lack of creativity which pervades the RP modern RP market. It also seems to be marketed toward a very specific audience.Is it fair to compare Mage: The Awakening with Mage: The Ascension Revised? Of course not, the game has to be based on its own merits and flaws. The problem is that this game seems to suffer from a lack of creativity which pervades the RP modern RP market. It also seems to be marketed toward a very specific audience.With the exception of some really interesting RP books (White Wolf's translation of "Engel" from the German, a role playing experience distinct onto itself and wholly creative, and "Demon: The Fallen" - which was unfortunately a flop and still managed to be creative), RP books are typically very bland and all the same. With the exception of some really interesting RP books (White Wolf's translation of "Engel" from the German, a role playing experience distinct onto itself and wholly creative, and "Demon: The Fallen" - which was unfortunately a flop and still managed to be creative), RP books are typically very bland and all the same. Mage: The Awakening is no different. Unfortunately it tries to blend easy mechanics with simple spells as though past Mage books have been too complicated (which they haven't, unless the new World of Darkness market is much younger than they previously were... which is a possibility, or perhaps they aren't interested in realistic depth so much as they are just having quick fun). Mage: The Awakening is no different. Unfortunately it tries to blend easy mechanics with simple spells as though past Mage books have been too complicated (which they haven't, unless the new World of Darkness market is much younger than they previously were... which is a possibility, or perhaps they aren't interested in realistic depth so much as they are just having quick fun). There is absolutely nothing culturally significant about the Mage: The Awakening game system. If you enjoyed the Buddhist, Hindu, the various forms of Christian, Judaic and other religious outlooks being present in your game system, Mage: The Awakening takes a step back from the pluralism/intellectually stimulating material found in its predecessors and offers a quick, fun system with no lasting appeal.There is absolutely nothing culturally significant about the Mage: The Awakening game system. If you enjoyed the Buddhist, Hindu, the various forms of Christian, Judaic and other religious outlooks being present in your game system, Mage: The Awakening takes a step back from the pluralism/intellectually stimulating material found in its predecessors and offers a quick, fun system with no lasting appeal.The background story of Mage: The Awakening is simply terrible. Sure reviews constantly pick on Atlantis, but for a good reason: there's simply nothing else to pick on! The Awakening is simply devoid of any depth whatsoever, but what it does do is provide some interesting magic rotes (spells) instead.The background story of Mage: The Awakening is simply terrible. Sure reviews constantly pick on Atlantis, but for a good reason: there's simply nothing else to pick on! The Awakening is simply devoid of any depth whatsoever, but what it does do is provide some interesting magic rotes (spells) instead.Another problem is that there are no antagonists. In previous Mage games there were antagonists you could use or not use depending on your game. In Awakening they don't even offer any choices. This game is obviously less popular online and more popular in tabletop settings (online, where depth is usually called for, Mage: The Ascension is still used quite frequently).Another problem is that there are no antagonists. In previous Mage games there were antagonists you could use or not use depending on your game. In Awakening they don't even offer any choices. This game is obviously less popular online and more popular in tabletop settings (online, where depth is usually called for, Mage: The Ascension is still used quite frequently).Some positive qualities about the book are that it has an excellent production value and it provides a concrete game system to play with. Provided you had an excellent Storyteller present with lots of storyline ideas, you might have a fun tabletop session. But quite frankly aside from the production value I can't recommend this book. The largest problem of all is that it simply has nothing distinctive about it... nothing to make it stand out and be worth playing over previous game systems.Some positive qualities about the book are that it has an excellent production value and it provides a concrete game system to play with. Provided you had an excellent Storyteller present with lots of storyline ideas, you might have a fun tabletop session. But quite frankly aside from the production value I can't recommend this book. The largest problem of all is that it simply has nothing distinctive about it... nothing to make it stand out and be worth playing over previous game systems.In an age of simplicity please do yourself a favor and have a little patience and find yourself a good Storyteller. Go back and read the books that made this one sell like hotcakes - buy the "real" Mage books - if you still want to, pick up a copy of The Awakening and somehow incorporate it in your game
 White Wolf wanted to revitalize a mature product line by rewriting it and they had problems with the old system that deserved fixing. They did an excellent job on the core rules and the game mechanics are overall the best they've ever been. One of the flaws of MAGE:Ascension was that it is dominated by the struggle between the Technocracy and the Traditions, in a manner that reflected Vampire:Masquerade's clan structure and Sabbat vs Camarilla. One of the flaws of Vampire:Masquerade was that it had this whole history of "Caine as the first vampire and the Anti-Diluvians as the founders of the clans", that overshadowed the game. In Mage:Ascension, Mages saw themselves as having evolved over time and that history had been re-written by the technocracy, so who really knew about the past? In Awakening they took exactly what they were trying to jettison from Vampire and put it into Mage with the creation of Atlantis and the Exarchs. The Societies that replace the traditions are not as interesting. The replacement of Avatars with Towers doesn't make sense to me. The eternal struggle theme remains with the Exarchs but seems a lot less important than the struggle over the consensus in Ascension.Awakening is chock full or rotes. For, Mage in a LARP, rotes are essential, shifting emphasis to rotes improves the compatibility of table top and live action systems, but detracts from the table top experience where Mages can do almost anything. They split the Entropy Sphere into Death and Fate, which kind of makes sense, except that Death has too much overlap with Spirit. I'm going to use the new Mechanics with the old world in my new campaign.The new Mage setting doesn't inspire me like the old one did. While the new Vampire and Werewolf settings may catch on, I think the new Mage is going to be a flop -- after the core book I don't expect to purchase any more of the supplements.
 I bought this book but should have listened to my gut feeling...look at the picture of the "Forever Cool" Ms Mathiesonon the cover.  She keeps saying GET RID OF THE GLASSES in the "before" pictures but she should take her own advice. The before pictures of women are so bad that "duh" the after pictures do look better.  However the over-all impression is that the book "teaches" you how to dress so you blend in in suberbia, not how to be individually stylish or dress to look like anything except someone with a credit card who went to the local shopping mall and bought whatever was socially acceptable.
 This is another offshoot of the commercially successful predecessor. The book traces the history of the knights templar and their supposed transformation into free masons. Much of the discussion focuses on free masonry, including its role in the American Revolution. I found the factual support lacking and the prose quite uninspired
 Krakauer is highly confused and I can tell that so are some of these reviewers. He cannot give insight into or shed light on something he knows little truth about himself. The church he is talking about is completley separate from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. Jon Krakauer is nothing more than an sadly misinformed and idiotic person trying to enlighten his readers with things he has misinterpreted. Books like these are written on every religion with hopes of discouraging the believers and proving to those that don't believe -that their assumptions were correct
 Coming from a 16 year old girl that has to read this book for a school project...I would have to say that this book is kind of boring. If your into physics and science and all that jazz then you will most likely enjoy this book. But if you're going to read it just to read it, then I would suggest you not. I have to admit, that some of the stuff Richard Feynman says is funny but I found my self skipping pages at a time because of its boringness.  Don't get me wrong, I really do admire Mr. Feynman as a man and he was a great physicist but this book was just ok. Sometimes he got into a lot of in-depth physics stuff that I just didn't care for. But sometimes i was interested in what he was saying. Coming from a 16 year old girl that has to read this book for a school project...I would have to say that this book is kind of boring. If your into physics and science and all that jazz then you will most likely enjoy this book. But if you're going to read it just to read it, then I would suggest you not. I have to admit, that some of the stuff Richard Feynman says is funny but I found my self skipping pages at a time because of its boringness.  Don't get me wrong, I really do admire Mr. Feynman as a man and he was a great physicist but this book was just ok. Sometimes he got into a lot of in-depth physics stuff that I just didn't care for. But sometimes i was interested in what he was saying. Have a nice da
 Elizabeth George, please come back.  This book examines in sickening detail the events preceding the murder of our lovely Helen.  I, for one, don't care.  I get it.  We all got it the last time.  It's been a long time since I have abandoned any book after a few chapters, and this book truly deserves to be put down in every sense.  Don't buy it
 I had read such glowing reviews of this book, and had enjoyed other Creamer works so thoroughly that I was suprised how uninspired I was while reading this. Perhaps I failed to be dazzled by Stengel the man. Perhaps I grew tired of the predictable retelling of Stengel's life, season by  season, many of which held no remarkable events. Baseball in '41 is a much  more rewarding book, full of wonderful anecdotes well recounted
 I enjoyed the plot and the characters -- it was very funny.  But there were too many grammar mistakes in the book, which I found too irritating and distracted from the book.  Some conversations did not flow logically --  one person would answer herself, which didn't make sense.  Also, the author  switches from 1st person to 3rd person with the character of Nickel.  And  she used 'to' instead of 'too.' As a former copy editor and English major,  this was very distracting!  But overall, a great book.  I plan on getting  the next 2
 I didn't care for this book at all. I think it is a very well written book, for TEACHERS, but not for a parent who is transracially adopting a child.  I was looking for a book on how I would parent an African American child and this book was more of a textbook.  I think it is very misleading to have it labeled as a "must read for parents and teachers" and it should be advertised as a book for teachers.  I thought "Inside Their Voices" was much more informative about the experiences of a transracially adopted child
 Why? because I was expectin something else, but first of all, I didn't expect that you have to open/make a hole in your Robosapiens to modify it, so forget it! i will not damage my Robot
 I was interested in the plot and characters for about half the book.  After that it seemed that little new information was added, or the little that was new came in the midst of much repetition.  There were so many different characters, and we had to hear the separate reactions of each of them to bits of news.  The structure of the tale reminded me of the way a police procedural might be played out on TV
 Just bought a rotisserie and was hoping to find how to use it and good recipes. Only found about 4 or 5. I would've liken to know different types of meat you could cook in it and for how long you cook it for
 Mailer tells us a lot we don't want to know about. It's the gloomy long tale of an egocentric writer's acceptance of the ups and downs of his metier. He gives his biased opinions on things he knows and things he doesn't know about. All the negative aspects of his persona are laid out. Still, it must have taken some bravery to lay out some of them. Or else he needed the money. Truth sells, even if it is a very mediocre unfocused book, and quite un-useful. It should have been titled &quot;Me and My Books, Some thoughts on me and my writing&quot;
 I've read some of the other reviews, and I couldn't disagree more.  This book is not a page-turner.  I found myself skipping over whole sections of prose because they were boring and sometimes needless.  The story is straighforward.  Hardly any surprises.  Hardly any twists or turns.  Bad guys are always bad guys.  Good guys are always good guys.  There's no hidden agenda lurking through the story.  The blue rose is a natural anomaly.  The people who really want it -- the people willing to steal and kill for it -- are conveniently identified as people willing to steal and kill for the blue rose.  There's no "mystery" here really.  It's just a matter of getting to the end of the book
 After trying 2 recipes, I thought that I was a pretty bad cook. So, I asked my friend, a very good cook, to try a couple more recipes. She had the same results. Disgusting!! These recipes must not have been kitchen tested. Mine as well just boil some chicken and dump a can of cream of mushroom soup on top. The results would be better.  Stay away
 I held great hopes for this book--Duveen has long been of interest to me because of the pivotal role he played in the creation of some of the greatest art collections in this country.  However, Secrest in her drive to capture the "essence" of the man has so mangled the story of his life and career that reading her work is more chore than delight.  To say the book is disorganized is to deal in serious understatement.  But worse than that are the inaccuracies, especially when she writes about Duveen's customers.  Just for starters, apparently she didn't recognize the need to differentiate between John D. Rockefeller, Jr. and his father (or maybe she didn't know there has been more than one JDR!).  You won't learn much from this tome that you don't know to begin, and getting through it will be a struggle. 
 The original Julie and Romeo was delightful. This book was utter nonsense.  A great disapointment. Finished reading it only to find out if it might get better as you went along. It Didn't
 After some years in the IC design business (mostly analog) I needed to teach a course on ASICSs. This book was the text specified by my predecessor. I did not like the book, and eventually read the Weste and Harris book in its 3rd edition. Wolf is not nearly as clear, complete and logically organized as Weste and Harris - no comparison
 The book is divided into 52 chapters that repeat basically the same points over and over again. So you have to read through the chapters and try to spot the occasional new idea. It seems strange that a book on productivity makes you waste time gleaning a few good ideas. (Come on, man, if you have 10 pages of good ideas, give them to me in 10.) But then again I guess most books in this genre make you do that. Sheesh
 If your into Hendrix enough to want to find out more about Electric Ladyland, your probably already going to know everything in this book. If you've read such great Hendrix books such as 'Electric Gypsy' then you won't get much from this book other than information obtained that you've read before from 'Electric Gypsy' coloured in this authors opinion on Jimi's music.The author lays down his opinion that reads like someone either not overly impressed by Jimi Hendrix, or someone that has trouble laying praise where it's due. The author makes big calls in this book which fall flat, for example expressing his view on how Jimi could of edited and recorded certain songs better in his opinion (not unlike like Alan Douglas made true) or ego trips like footnotes after mentioning 'Like A Rolling Stone' at Monterey can only be outdone by the rare hard to find Flamingo Club version in 1968 - where does he get that from? The Flamingo club version is near inaudiable for most of the recording with its vocals and the guitar very distorted at the very least and is no way a superior rendition than Monterey but the book has many little comments by the author like that which only makes you think, is this guy trying to brag about his Hendrix collection? Or does he just have to have a different opinion on everything to try and make his book, which really has nothing new, stand out from the pack? His opinions would be valid if he didn't try to go against the grain to just go against the grain! If you've ever heard or seen Jimi at Monterey you don't need to be told how so many people thought he played crap that night - the evidence that this is one of his greatest performances is right there on CD or on the screen as you watch it which just makes bringing up that negative side without balancing it with the many rave reviews he also got seem targeted. Why point out the bad things and not mention the good?The author lays down his opinion that reads like someone either not overly impressed by Jimi Hendrix, or someone that has trouble laying praise where it's due. The author makes big calls in this book which fall flat, for example expressing his view on how Jimi could of edited and recorded certain songs better in his opinion (not unlike like Alan Douglas made true) or ego trips like footnotes after mentioning 'Like A Rolling Stone' at Monterey can only be outdone by the rare hard to find Flamingo Club version in 1968 - where does he get that from? The Flamingo club version is near inaudiable for most of the recording with its vocals and the guitar very distorted at the very least and is no way a superior rendition than Monterey but the book has many little comments by the author like that which only makes you think, is this guy trying to brag about his Hendrix collection? Or does he just have to have a different opinion on everything to try and make his book, which really has nothing new, stand out from the pack? His opinions would be valid if he didn't try to go against the grain to just go against the grain! If you've ever heard or seen Jimi at Monterey you don't need to be told how so many people thought he played crap that night - the evidence that this is one of his greatest performances is right there on CD or on the screen as you watch it which just makes bringing up that negative side without balancing it with the many rave reviews he also got seem targeted. Why point out the bad things and not mention the good?If you want to learn the technical side of the recording or the technical side of Hendrix, you won't learn it from this book. You'll get the classic Hendrix bio for most of it with this Authors strange comments, some bad reviews for Electric Ladyland to show Hendrix was human after all i guess and an author bringing up all his 'friends' and 'visits' to people that are well documented in knowing Jimi. If you want to learn the technical side of the recording or the technical side of Hendrix, you won't learn it from this book. You'll get the classic Hendrix bio for most of it with this Authors strange comments, some bad reviews for Electric Ladyland to show Hendrix was human after all i guess and an author bringing up all his 'friends' and 'visits' to people that are well documented in knowing Jimi. All in all, if you have no opinion on Hendrix and read this you probably won't think he's that great and get a distorted opinion on him, if you love Hendrix and read this you'll wonder why this Author bothered to write a book about Jimi in the first place other than to let us know he has so many friends that knew Jimi, was lucky enough to see him play a few times and the funniest of all, could of done some things better in his opinion.All in all, if you have no opinion on Hendrix and read this you probably won't think he's that great and get a distorted opinion on him, if you love Hendrix and read this you'll wonder why this Author bothered to write a book about Jimi in the first place other than to let us know he has so many friends that knew Jimi, was lucky enough to see him play a few times and the funniest of all, could of done some things better in his opinion.Two stars because there's many books out there with much more information about Electric Ladyland, let alone Hendrix, that aren't trying to re-write Jimi's history from one person's perspective and critique thou it's cheap and quite funny if you have a big Hendrix library anyway.Two stars because there's many books out there with much more information about Electric Ladyland, let alone Hendrix, that aren't trying to re-write Jimi's history from one person's perspective and critique thou it's cheap and quite funny if you have a big Hendrix library anyway.
 This is by far one of the least helpful parenting books I have read.  I used numerous suggestions in this book and NONE of them proved to be effective.  Using my own judgment and keeping calm with a positive attitude toward my toddler proved to be more effective then anything mentioned here.  His suggestions for head banging are completely stupid and made my toddler bang her head harder during a tantrum.  Not recommended
 The book starts out captivating then it suddenly shifts to Elkinks views of painting, that are strongly bent to the favor of abstractionist.  Elkinks thoughts on Jackson Pollocks creative energy is more than I wanted to know.  He devots almost an entire chapter to this already to small book, to his idol.  How Pollock flicks his wrist to get the effect of splated paint just right and Pollocks tourched stance over his works as the canvis is lying on the floor.To much!  I Do not recommend this little book
 This book is bad for beginner and practically useless for a master. There is no comprehensive description of training complexes, footwork drills and other important details, which were completely omitted. It gives just an  overview of the system in general, so the reader can have some vague  feeling of what Giron escrima is
 I bought this book thinking that I would learn something new about the cosmetic industry. Not only did I not learn anything, I came away from the book wondering just how someone could've accumulated all of that information without being able to present it in a better way.I bought this book thinking that I would learn something new about the cosmetic industry. Not only did I not learn anything, I came away from the book wondering just how someone could've accumulated all of that information without being able to present it in a better way.This book is packed with non-scientific fluff (using ill-defined terms such as "toxin" and making blanket statements with no evidence such as "Scientists involved [sic] mechanical science--as I like to call it--do not understand plant science, but scientists, who know plant science, understand both [grammar and punctuation left exactly as in the book].") About 60% of the book is packed with charts and glossaries. And I have to say that this is the worst-edited book I have ever read, with constant typographical errors, misspellings, and apostrophe problems. There just doesn't seem to have been a lot of thought put into the actual execution of this book.This book is packed with non-scientific fluff (using ill-defined terms such as "toxin" and making blanket statements with no evidence such as "Scientists involved [sic] mechanical science--as I like to call it--do not understand plant science, but scientists, who know plant science, understand both [grammar and punctuation left exactly as in the book].") About 60% of the book is packed with charts and glossaries. And I have to say that this is the worst-edited book I have ever read, with constant typographical errors, misspellings, and apostrophe problems. There just doesn't seem to have been a lot of thought put into the actual execution of this book.Look, I am certainly this book's target audience--I shop at Whole Foods, use organic skin-care products and potions, and work out six times a week. I care about my body and what I put into it. But this book is not a good use of anyone's time or money, as all of its information can be found quite easily (and in most cases with better grammar) on the internet. You're better off buying _Fast Food Nation_ if you'd like clear, concise information about what you're putting into your body
 It is now more than a month after I was supposed to receive this book and I have not gotten it yet, what the hell is going on
 2 stars for decent writing (at least a decent translation), for an intriguing start, and for the occasional appearance of a melancholy dwarf.  That's pretty much it.  Negative stars aplenty for the protagonists -- Coy and Tanger (I listened to NC on 13 endless tapes, so perhaps am misspelling their names).  The tortured metaphors they speak, think, and by which they -- and their insipid adventures -- are continually described, bore to tears.  Aside from an occasional scrape between Coy and the aforementioned dwarf or his boss, all of the action in NC clusters at the beginning (promisingly so, I'll grant) and the end (all wimper, no bang) of this novel.  As a salty seadog once said (no doubt anticipating this novel), "Ahoy matey, thar.  She blows!"  
      The Nautical Chart could have been a better book if, its author had eliminated about 50 to 100 pages. The story dragged. I read it at night in bed and I kept falling asleep.  The book does have its merits.  The information regarding navigational instruments and  history was interesting and was exciting at times. The ending was good (the best part of the book). The relationship between the Coy and Tanger had shades of James Caine and Jim Thompson. Even so, I would hestitate about recommending this novel.  
 South by Java Head features fundamentals I find so promising:  a nautical adventure set in Southeast Asia during World War II, written by a prominent screenwriter.  Nonetheless, the story falls flat and I found it just barely compelling enough to finish; the plot moves slowly, punctuated by one clumsily executed plot twist after another, the descriptions of action are confusing, and the characters mere outlines devoid of development.   I hoped this book would be as good as a 1950's nautical adventure i highly recommend, The Wreck of the Mary Deare, but unfortunately Java Head is just disappointment.  For other SE Asia World War II fiction, Clavell's King Rat is also a good place to start
 I read this book and hated it; I was sorry I wasted my money.... Normally, I would have donated the book ater reading it. But, in this case I was so disappointed, I threw the book away after reading it.  I was disappointed with the author for scrubbing the language so clean that the area she set the book in could have been anywhere in the US.  I was also disapponted in the Oprah book club selection committee.  It seemed to me they found a "story" they liked, and that is where their critical thinking ended. It was the only and last Oprah book selection I ever bought.   After reading it, it was obvious to me that whoever had chosen the book for the Oprah club had never been to western Pa.  I am from western PA as is O'Dell and this book lacks local color.  She either forgot or choose to ignore that language is also a part of the landscape of a locale.  Landscape is just not about dysfunctional families, EatnParks and religious statues in the yards.... People in that area of PA say "ain't," "slippy," and "youns." This would be esp. true for someone like the main character, Harley. (There are people with college degrees from this area who still have "color" in their language.) O'dell is no Faulkner or Caufield. I find this lack of "local flavor" with a lot of modern authors.  Unfortunately, our books are even becoming Mcdonaldized. There is nothing special about this book
 Although interesting, these are designs and concepts that are not practical in the real world.  But, if all you want are some pretty pictures..
 This book is not my favourite in the Heartland series. It is not even really about heartland, the main part of the book is based in Occanumba. Also, there are hardly any horses in this book, just Maverick (who is only a minor part) and a tiny bit of Spindleberry and Albatross. It is mainly about Carey and her mood swings. It is also a bit unrealistic, as Amy comes out eith long, involved, emotional speeches that no teenager i know would blab on about! The way she talks is more like a middle aged psychatrist!I also think that the most recent books have been targeted at a younger audience. At the start of the series i would class them as 'young adult' material, but now they are just for kids who like horses. She is supposed to be going out with Ty but they never seem to kiss much or do anything romantic. In this book he goes to Occanumba with Amy and they don't even get off together once! Even though they are in the forest all alone at one point, with no adults around. All in all this book is ok, but rather boring. Nothing much happens, i thought Amy might at least have an arguement with Joni when she takes over with Spindleberry, but no, Amy has gone middle-aged and doesn't do anything. I would only recommend buying this book if you are a total heartland fan. Carey is really annoying at the start and the horses hardly feature at all. I hope the last 2 books in the series are better, because this one was rather pants. 
 Replicant Alert! Avoid this book if you have any affection for the movie. Except for the last couple of pages, the author has little to offer other than the usual drivel about &quot;Post-Modernism&quot;. You will be much  better off buying the Director's Cut on DVD, and watching it several  times!   This series of books has its exceptions, this is not one of them.   Unintentionally hilarious in parts, as only the academician can be.    Pretentious, ponderous cinema-scholar jargon that offers little of value or  insight.   Read Sammon's The Making of Blade Runner instead!  (Nice  cover, though...
 The message meant more to me than to my young children.  They didnt understand why the children were being locked in a box.  They think playing in cardboard boxes is fun, not a punishment for exercising too much freedom.  I could see using the book as a basis for discussion, but I think it may just scare children that they too could be locked up by their parents
 The book was specific to one particular model of BlackBerry. They should have that in the title. It was of no use to me. After five minutes, I set it aside to gather dust.
 I got this book thinking it might give me some insight into how Coach K motivates his teams, organizes his practice sessions, and instills leadership qualities in his athletes.  What I got was a less than thrilling re-hash of some of his best quotes as seen through the eyes of a local news reporter.  You'd have to be a true Blue Devil fan to like this book.  I didn't, so I gave it to one of my co-workers who graduated from Duke.  He likes it
 Leaving aside the fact that the author lied through his teeth (e.g. he never actually studied Hwa Rang Do - he offered the Lee brothers some ink and they gave him a faked history) this stuff is about as inefficient as any stick fighting book I've ever seen. Try Marinas' Panandata, Mark Wiley, the Presas brothers, Leo Giron or Ray Galang for stick stuff. You'll be much better off
 I really expected more from Coetzee, whom I had never read before picking up this book.  I saw after finishing the book that it was originally published as separate stories or vignettes, and I'm not surprised.  The title character spends all of her time giving speeches, which is strange for a novel--you think you will get a plot, but you just get lectured to.  The writing is good, spare and cogent, but the book does not hang together well enough to be a novel, in my opinion.  The best chapter, which is the last, has little or nothing to do with the prior chapters
 Not the most exciting book out there.  But if you like minor league baseball, this book's worth a quick read. 
 I was disappointed greatly at the time I opened this book. HUGE gaps between strings, LOTS of empty space on pages - all this is for masking the simple fact: this "200 pages book" contents could be easily printed on 80 pages or even less. And, more, these pages are filled with useless "interviews" (who wants to read an interview INSTEAD of explanations?!) and other empty words. I was disappointed greatly at the time I opened this book. HUGE gaps between strings, LOTS of empty space on pages - all this is for masking the simple fact: this "200 pages book" contents could be easily printed on 80 pages or even less. And, more, these pages are filled with useless "interviews" (who wants to read an interview INSTEAD of explanations?!) and other empty words. The book is supposed to teach us how to make modules for NWN 2. But it doesn't. See, the chapter about scripts consists of 4 pages - is it REALLY enough for such a great theme? (These pages, I mentioned it already, are less than 2 pages...). The book is supposed to teach us how to make modules for NWN 2. But it doesn't. See, the chapter about scripts consists of 4 pages - is it REALLY enough for such a great theme? (These pages, I mentioned it already, are less than 2 pages...). This book is better than nothing. A bit. Because SOME useful information it provides. And that's all good that could be said about it
 I was not expecting this book to be a Sunday afternoon photo shoot for reanactors. It lacks reality and substance.I returned this book out of disapointment.Seeing the same faces in every picture but in diffrent uniforms takes a lot away from this book. However, the color photos were nice. Better luck next time but a A for effort
 I'm a pretty diverse reader, so I decided to give this one a go.  It started out somewhat interesting, but then just sort of made me keep saying, "Okay...what's the point here?"  I really like Ninah, the main character, but I keep waiting for her to break free from the chains of this commune she lives in.  I guess the ending is somewhat a symbol of her doing this, but I closed the book wondering, "why did I read this?"  I grew bored with a lot of the goings on in this community and found many of the "punishments" just ridiculous.  I'm pretty open when it comes to accepting different religions, but this was just way out there for me.  Ninah's relationship with her Nanna was the neatest one in the book.  I'm glad I'm finished...now I can move on to something more fulfilling. 
 I am a long-time admirer of Claire McNab's writing -- despite the fact I have been disappointed in the direction (or lack of it) in which she has taken the Carol Ashton mystery series. Although she is more known in the U.S. for her mystery and espionage books, her novel "Under the Southern Cross" is a bang-up, great romance delivered in her typically spare (or is it stingy?) style. I was excited to see she had written another romance and not a mystery with a 10-second sex scene thrown in. But, when I got to the last line of this book I found myself closing it and thinking that I had once again been suckered by past memories of Claire McNab. This book has a lot of promise to it -- therefore the two stars I gave it -- but it's promise unfulfilled. There is a long setup of the writer Vonny Smith pining for the personal attention of her editor, Diana. But, why exactly is she in love with Diana? Darn if I know. The writing has great humor and spoofs the whole genre of romance novels. But the entire novel is a setup and, in the end, there is no delivery. It's annoying, frustrating, and feels like a cheat. Wasn't there an editor to say: "Claire, this story needs more!" Or was Bella Books just intent on cashing in on Ms. McNab's name? Who knows. But, this is one book I won't be rereading. I wish I hadn't paid full-price
 Having a plant nursery for 20 years I can tell you if this book is you only resource be in for a wild ride. He  states many places what has cause him the most problems, but no one starts a nursey the same and workable ideas would be better than the work he calls stressful and more important than growing plants. Our nursery is the opposite of stressful and has so many happy rewards never mention in this book.........Very little help on selling and getting customers also
 I was interested in the plot and characters for about half the book.  After that it seemed that little new information was added, or the little that was new came in the midst of much repetition.  There were so many different characters, and we had to hear the separate reactions of each of them to bits of news.  The structure of the tale reminded me of the way a police procedural might be played out on TV
 I'm a huge Suz fan ... but I really think she missed the boat on this one.  Her style has changed since she moved to hardcover & this book just fell flat for me.  The secondary storyline or FBI agent Jules was much more enjoyable than the lead couple Cosmo & Jane.  Didn't like her at all & Cosmo lost his "Seal-ness" somewhere along the way.  Not a re-read for me
 This book is simply an ego boost for the author. I found absolutely nothing I could use in my own business, but wasvaguely impressed with the writers "word of mouth" business. I kept reading, expecting to find the secrets to starting my own word of mouth campaign any minute, only to feel that final book readers frustration in the end. No good ending, no secrets revealed, this book is a waste of time
 A book on the theme of having the courage to deepen family ties.  That's a good theme.  However, the author can't leave well enough alone.  He really goes after people without kids as though they all, regardless of their circumstances, remind him of his former self:  someone with too much cynicism and cowardice to raise a family even though that's obviously the "only" way to become a complete person.  A book on the theme of having the courage to deepen family ties.  That's a good theme.  However, the author can't leave well enough alone.  He really goes after people without kids as though they all, regardless of their circumstances, remind him of his former self:  someone with too much cynicism and cowardice to raise a family even though that's obviously the "only" way to become a complete person.  Each chapter introduces a family and a crisis.  The people, who range from southern Americans to Turkish Muslims to Protestant Irish in Belfast, are terrific.  Each chapter introduces a family and a crisis.  The people, who range from southern Americans to Turkish Muslims to Protestant Irish in Belfast, are terrific.  But the author goes off the deep end on page 47:  "Now there are cities full of professional women and men who wholeheartedly echo this feeling [not wanting children].  They go around saying things like I'm too selfish to be a mother, or I'm not a baby person, or my favorite, I love my life too much to do that to it.  A friend of mine calls them the Petrified Forest - people who would freeze their life in time if they could.  'Manhattan's turning into a Petrified Forest,' my friend mocked.  I [Bronson] winced when she said this, because I used to be one of them.  When the Petrified Forest imagines parenthood, their hearts are flooded with the feeling of doors closing, not opening ... In our society today, parenthood is on trial."  But the author goes off the deep end on page 47:  "Now there are cities full of professional women and men who wholeheartedly echo this feeling [not wanting children].  They go around saying things like I'm too selfish to be a mother, or I'm not a baby person, or my favorite, I love my life too much to do that to it.  A friend of mine calls them the Petrified Forest - people who would freeze their life in time if they could.  'Manhattan's turning into a Petrified Forest,' my friend mocked.  I [Bronson] winced when she said this, because I used to be one of them.  When the Petrified Forest imagines parenthood, their hearts are flooded with the feeling of doors closing, not opening ... In our society today, parenthood is on trial."  Well, hardly.  Bronson is making a lot of assumptions about childless people.  Everyone doesn't need to have a baby just because Bronson found it a refreshing alternative to preserving his immaturity.  I'm all for individuals pursuing the particular life that makes them happy, but they should never push their specific solution upon the rest of us.  In conclusion, read this book if you want to, but be aware of the bias.
 I bought this book because (if I recall correctly) it was long-listed for last years ManBooker Prize and also, (this I recall) because it had good reviews here on Amazon. Anyway, I was real disappointed. I quit paying attention after page 100 and quit outright a few pages later.  I found the contrasting aspects of the Father's character interesting but after awhile so contrasting they felt way off reality.  Character of aunt, cousin, priest, mom etc etc also grew gratingly "perfect."  This  may be excessive, but after a while I felt like I was reading a bit of sophisticated version of a teen romance novel.  The comparisons with God of Small Things are seriously unflattering to Roy's great book.  Comparisons with (the overrated) Memoirs of a Geisha or (also not finished) One Thousand Chestnut Trees would have been more appropriate
 This book deals with some fairly rediculous topics.  I'm not into mysticism or talisman's or that stuff, so perhaps I am biased.This book deals with some fairly rediculous topics.  I'm not into mysticism or talisman's or that stuff, so perhaps I am biased.It did provide a useful history of the 'masonic' symbol on the American one-dollar bill, which I enjoyed.It did provide a useful history of the 'masonic' symbol on the American one-dollar bill, which I enjoyed.But Hieronimus puts forth far too much theory regarding supernatural powers for my taste
 Why someone would chose these books is beyond me, especially when there are so many other good choices. Literature has an impact on people and the only impact I can imagine Junie having on others is negative.Why someone would chose these books is beyond me, especially when there are so many other good choices. Literature has an impact on people and the only impact I can imagine Junie having on others is negative.My daughter's first grade teacher is reading the Stupid Smelly School Bus to her class right now. Wanting to be an involved parent, I borrowed a copy from the friend and read it too. Junie is a brat. She thinks like a brat and acts like a brat. My daughter's first grade teacher is reading the Stupid Smelly School Bus to her class right now. Wanting to be an involved parent, I borrowed a copy from the friend and read it too. Junie is a brat. She thinks like a brat and acts like a brat. Our family says, "Thanks, but no thanks!
 I agree with some of the negative reviews that the Junie B. Jones books often use language and depict behavior that are less than desirable.  My son, who is a pretty sensitive boy, didn't like Junie B. Jones because he thought she was rude.  I would much prefer that my kids read books with kids who, though they may get in trouble from time to time or may make mistakes, are generally nice people.  We did love the Magic Tree House series, both for the adventure and the personalities of Jack and Annie
 I own perhaps 20 books on the Bird's and this is one of the worse. Mostly because the material is so poorly organized; no real attempt is made to sort through the (admittedly tangled) move orders/motifs/variations in this opening. Also, the author seems to have a 'bad attitude' even though he plays the opening and has several examples in the book. The section on the Leningrad Dutch-Reversed is better than the others but still lifeless.I own perhaps 20 books on the Bird's and this is one of the worse. Mostly because the material is so poorly organized; no real attempt is made to sort through the (admittedly tangled) move orders/motifs/variations in this opening. Also, the author seems to have a 'bad attitude' even though he plays the opening and has several examples in the book. The section on the Leningrad Dutch-Reversed is better than the others but still lifeless.The entire Everyman opening series has deteriorated a great deal the past two years and I'm about done buying any new ones, especially if they are as bad as Bird's Opening.The entire Everyman opening series has deteriorated a great deal the past two years and I'm about done buying any new ones, especially if they are as bad as Bird's Opening.
 Why is S Douglas "Scotty" slamming every car sales book on Amazon but Zig Zigler's? Do you work for Ziggy or maybe a friend and pushing this book for him. Take a look at all of S. Douglas "Scotty" reviews concerning car sales. He puts almost everyone of them down but praises Zigler's book. What's up with that? Why is S Douglas "Scotty" slamming every car sales book on Amazon but Zig Zigler's? Do you work for Ziggy or maybe a friend and pushing this book for him. Take a look at all of S. Douglas "Scotty" reviews concerning car sales. He puts almost everyone of them down but praises Zigler's book. What's up with that? And then if you look at reviews from HARDLUCK It makes one wonder if he is selling a competitor's book on here because he is attacking books written by Douglas Hensley who is a really good writer. It makes me wonder if (S. Douglas Scotty and Hardluck) are the same person or are possibly in cohoots together pushing people away from pretty good books. Something stinks here. I wish I had time to play on the web all day and put bogus reviews on people. Something stinks in Denmark!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And then if you look at reviews from HARDLUCK It makes one wonder if he is selling a competitor's book on here because he is attacking books written by Douglas Hensley who is a really good writer. It makes me wonder if (S. Douglas Scotty and Hardluck) are the same person or are possibly in cohoots together pushing people away from pretty good books. Something stinks here. I wish I had time to play on the web all day and put bogus reviews on people. Something stinks in Denmark!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 This book does a good job of telling you what your IPAQ can do but a very poor job of telling you how to do it.  I wanted more information about how to set up my IPAQ to connect with the internet.  The book told me it could be done and how wonderful it was, but lacked specific information about which screen to go to and how to actually make it work.  This book does a good job of telling you what your IPAQ can do but a very poor job of telling you how to do it.  I wanted more information about how to set up my IPAQ to connect with the internet.  The book told me it could be done and how wonderful it was, but lacked specific information about which screen to go to and how to actually make it work.  I later purchased IPAQ for Dummies.  This book told me what the IPAQ could do and specifically how to do it.  It was great.  The Dummies book also gave lots of information on programs that are very helpful to add to your IPAQ.  I later purchased IPAQ for Dummies.  This book told me what the IPAQ could do and specifically how to do it.  It was great.  The Dummies book also gave lots of information on programs that are very helpful to add to your IPAQ.  I was disappointed with IPAQ Pocket PC but very happy to get my hands on IPAQ for Dummies!
 "Up to the minute".???"Up to the minute".???Hardly!!Hardly!!March 2005, the publication date, is a loooong time ago in ipod years, if you have one of the new models, video 60 Gig for example, you will be sorely dissapointed, it talks about the nano and photo i pod as the "latest edition to the ipod family", well they are now teenagers and probably due to be retired at any moment, ipod mini anyone? Those things are Neolithic now, yet are given too much space in this "up to the minute" book as if they had just been released! March 2005, the publication date, is a loooong time ago in ipod years, if you have one of the new models, video 60 Gig for example, you will be sorely dissapointed, it talks about the nano and photo i pod as the "latest edition to the ipod family", well they are now teenagers and probably due to be retired at any moment, ipod mini anyone? Those things are Neolithic now, yet are given too much space in this "up to the minute" book as if they had just been released! Go to Borders, look thru their ipod books and find the one with your ipod in it, if you have a brand new one as at May 2006.Go to Borders, look thru their ipod books and find the one with your ipod in it, if you have a brand new one as at May 2006.
 I remove children from abusive parents daily.I remove children from abusive parents daily.Legally, you cannot hit your child with anything but your open hand on any area but your child's buttocks.  If a neighbor, friend, teacher or family member calls Child and Family Services because your child reports to them that you are doing what Dr. Dobson advocates, your child could be removed from your care.Legally, you cannot hit your child with anything but your open hand on any area but your child's buttocks.  If a neighbor, friend, teacher or family member calls Child and Family Services because your child reports to them that you are doing what Dr. Dobson advocates, your child could be removed from your care.
 The book mentions Mannatech (notice the &quot;manna&quot;?) and its product Ambrotose.  Snake oil, sugar pills!  Not backed by scientific studies.  All claims are anecdotal, i.e., are faith-based.  Mannatech products are peddled to the hopeful, the desperate, the last-chance-for-me's, and so this is not only doing a disservice to others, but is preying on people's weakness.  The company is set up like other pyradmid-schemed companies, using &quot;associates&quot; to  pump its sugar pills, costing consumers a lot of money.  Folks, there is no instant solution in a pill.  The associates make claims for cleft lip, Down syndrome, obesity, all the terrible things human beings must bear in this world, and offer a pill made up of sugar to combat what is essentially a natural, human state.  In New Zealand and Australia, the govts. are looking into Mannatech.  Beware!  The sugar pill recipe came in an inspiring moment to a scientist when in prayer to God.  Excuse me, but while I believe in the power of prayer, I do not believe God drops manna-pills from heaven.  God expects us to do our work, namely, don't overeat, live with that cleft lip, get some exercise, eat your vegetables and fruits, read good literature and enjoy the sunlight
 It's no wonder that people look at me strangely when I explain a great love of history to them.  It's books like this that persist in the ruination of history for many a student.  If this book were more widely  circulated, the need for sleeping pills would be drastically reduced.  I  have no idea how the author could take something this interesting and make  it so boring that I would literally fall asleep reading it
 I don't understand why anyone would publish a book anymore with black and white illustrations. I know this is supposed to be a classic and all that so it's my own fault for not checking when I read the description. I don't even know why I'm keeping it; I'll never read it. You have to wade through tons of technical jargon and lengthy chapters that would be much better served by some large color photographs. Maybe that makes me shallow, I don't know, but there are much more 'complete guides' out there on this topic these days
 I was seduced by the sinister cover and the synopsis on the inside cover into thinking this was going to be a chilling account- Account my foot!  I gingerly turned the first page and instantly drowned in wave after wave of details.  As if the rough draft was a series of scraps stapled together and mailed off to an impatient publishe
 The 20% you need to know: This book is poorly written, and the author would do well to use the 80/20 principle in his writing.The 20% you need to know: This book is poorly written, and the author would do well to use the 80/20 principle in his writing.The 80% that will make up the rest of the review: I have never read such boring prose. I've had the concept fully explained to me. I fully understand what the principle is. I have heard it about 80 times now when 20 would have been enough (actually, once would have been enough). Now, what do I do with it? How do I implement it into my life? I am now on page 53 and he still hasn't gotten around to that part. It seems to me he should have used the theory when writing this book. Cut to the chase! Give me the top 20% of useful information so I can go ahead and use it to increase my productivity and effectiveness by 80%. Instead I get the feeling I'm wandering around aimlessly in the bottom part of his bar charts among the 80% of fluff to fill up his book quota. How many stories about economists and computer software do we really need? I don't know about you, but I wanted to increase my productivity by using my time better, and reading this book so far has been a complete waste of it
 Anyone who knows me would tell you I truly enjoy reading.  I am an avid reader known to finish an interesting book within hours. It took me two weeks to get past the first seven chapters of this book. The story just could not keep my interest.  I felt no real affinity to any of the characters.  I have other books by this author and come away with an interst in what would happen next with her lead characters.  She writes with real emphasis on how characters interact with each other and usually leaves you wanting more.  In the case of this novel I just didn't feel it.  Her other novels will not leave you dissapointed. Ugly ways is not a good example of the Ansa's true talent as a writer.  If you have not done so try her other novels.  I guarantee you will come away wanting to read more
 The subtitle to this review should have been "Glaring Inconsistencies & Outright Fantasies". I've found a large number of inconsistencies with history that should be obvious to anyone who has read this thing closely. For example, on page 7 Coleman says "the Club of Rome was established in 1968", but on page 17 he suggests that the Club of Rome played "a key role in the Cuban Missile Crisis" and "attempted to sell its 'crisis management'...progam to President Kennedy."  Unless we've been misled, the Cuban Missile Crisis happened a full 6 years before this group was founded.  What are careful readers to make of such a passage? Either it's a typo and he means 1958, or, as I heartily suspect, he doesn't have a grasp on his subject.  On page 9 Coleman suggests Henry "Kissinger's role in destabilizing the United States by three wars, the Middle East, Korea, and Vietnam is well known..." However, Kissinger, working at Harvard from 1948, had no role in the U.S. government until the 1960's, working for the Kennedy Administration.  The Korean War, as we are all aware, occured in 1950, and ended long before Kissinger had any influence on American foreign policy.  If it were true that Kissinger had an influence on the United States' policy in Korea, for example, then Coleman would be wise to address that issue at this point in his text. However, he only leaves us with the cryptic "is well known". It is definitely NOT well known, and Coleman is just fooling those readers who think that a book which is difficult to read or which is discussing difficult subjects must be true.These are just a few of the inconsistencies that I could check in a short time that Coleman throws out at you. If you're not a careful reader, you'll be tricked into accepting some really ridiculous ideas.  If you prefer speculation to reason, then by all means gorge yourself in the sickly sweet nectar of "what ifs". If you're looking for something based on reality, then, rider, pass by
 It would take a book to answer all that is wrong with Farrell's reasoning, but to make a few points:It would take a book to answer all that is wrong with Farrell's reasoning, but to make a few points:1. He implies that female 'circumcision' is much the same as male circumcision which is astounding but points to his general ignorance. If male circumcision is about teaching males to endure pain (actually more about male tribal bonding) then what on earth is a little girl being taught when she has her external genitalia cut away and is left with a tiny hole and a life-time of pain and health problems?? It's for protection? What, or whose, interests are being protected? 1. He implies that female 'circumcision' is much the same as male circumcision which is astounding but points to his general ignorance. If male circumcision is about teaching males to endure pain (actually more about male tribal bonding) then what on earth is a little girl being taught when she has her external genitalia cut away and is left with a tiny hole and a life-time of pain and health problems?? It's for protection? What, or whose, interests are being protected? 2. He does not acknowledge that the shorter male life-span is due to testosterone and all its consequences for males. Castration is known to increase the male life-span. Why do men even want more testosterone rather than less? Surely illogical?2. He does not acknowledge that the shorter male life-span is due to testosterone and all its consequences for males. Castration is known to increase the male life-span. Why do men even want more testosterone rather than less? Surely illogical?3. The male 'instinct' to protect females is actually to protect the bodies men need for sex and reproduction. As more than 50 million females have been killed recently in Asia simply because they were female should make us question this supposed 'instinct to protect'. And protecting females most often translates into ownership and control. This is a similar logic to that of men in certain cultures that use the pretext of honor to justify the murder of females. Why do women need protection form their protectors? Men need to explain their logic here. Is it something like the protection criminal gangs provide for people against other criminal gangs? 3. The male 'instinct' to protect females is actually to protect the bodies men need for sex and reproduction. As more than 50 million females have been killed recently in Asia simply because they were female should make us question this supposed 'instinct to protect'. And protecting females most often translates into ownership and control. This is a similar logic to that of men in certain cultures that use the pretext of honor to justify the murder of females. Why do women need protection form their protectors? Men need to explain their logic here. Is it something like the protection criminal gangs provide for people against other criminal gangs? 4. Powerless men are created by male-male competition for access to young females and again, the sacred testosterone drives this not women. 4. Powerless men are created by male-male competition for access to young females and again, the sacred testosterone drives this not women. 5. His views on rape are ridiculous. Young human females have permanent sexual signals whether they want sex or not. These external signals do not usually reflect the females internal desires and concerns and this causes the confusion. Men are responding to fake signals that females don't know how to override without becoming invisible altogether.5. His views on rape are ridiculous. Young human females have permanent sexual signals whether they want sex or not. These external signals do not usually reflect the females internal desires and concerns and this causes the confusion. Men are responding to fake signals that females don't know how to override without becoming invisible altogether.6. This book is basically about all the hoops males try and jump through in order to rise in the male hierarchy and ultimately get their DNA into numbers of females.The men who fail are the men without power. Farrell wants us to feel sorry for them which is as likely as men feeling sorry for, and diverting their monogamous sexual interest and resources towards, unnattractive old women. 6. This book is basically about all the hoops males try and jump through in order to rise in the male hierarchy and ultimately get their DNA into numbers of females.The men who fail are the men without power. Farrell wants us to feel sorry for them which is as likely as men feeling sorry for, and diverting their monogamous sexual interest and resources towards, unnattractive old women. 7.Farrell does not explain the irrationality of men rejecting and being abusive about women who don't sexually reject most men (ie the easy women) at the same time as they complain about the pain of being sexually rejected so often by women. There must be some mysterious male logic to it - perhaps situated in a fantasy world of being the only male who isn't rejected. Duplicity is clearly a male trait that farrell failed to mention.7.Farrell does not explain the irrationality of men rejecting and being abusive about women who don't sexually reject most men (ie the easy women) at the same time as they complain about the pain of being sexually rejected so often by women. There must be some mysterious male logic to it - perhaps situated in a fantasy world of being the only male who isn't rejected. Duplicity is clearly a male trait that farrell failed to mention.8. It is a suspect logic that concludes that the people who have been the lawmakers and political leaders for millennia ie males, have actually only been acting in the self-interest of females. For men to have evolved a lack of self-interest is impossible. To argue that they have is Farrell's most ludicrous argument. Of course women also have self-interest, intimately tied to that of their children. The very real difference is that because we evolved with a mating system where females moved to male-bonded kin groups to breed males had the advantages of size, kin-bonding, no real reproductive demands of offspring and time and cicumstances that enabled them to be the rule-makers which included the enforcement of ownership and control of females as they were exchanged between groups for breeding. They may have felt varying amounts of power within that system and they may have felt the power of their sex needs as female power but to say that this is actually women having and exercising power is absurdly illogical and contrary to reality. It is another fantasy to add to that of South Sea Island free sex and mermaids.8. It is a suspect logic that concludes that the people who have been the lawmakers and political leaders for millennia ie males, have actually only been acting in the self-interest of females. For men to have evolved a lack of self-interest is impossible. To argue that they have is Farrell's most ludicrous argument. Of course women also have self-interest, intimately tied to that of their children. The very real difference is that because we evolved with a mating system where females moved to male-bonded kin groups to breed males had the advantages of size, kin-bonding, no real reproductive demands of offspring and time and cicumstances that enabled them to be the rule-makers which included the enforcement of ownership and control of females as they were exchanged between groups for breeding. They may have felt varying amounts of power within that system and they may have felt the power of their sex needs as female power but to say that this is actually women having and exercising power is absurdly illogical and contrary to reality. It is another fantasy to add to that of South Sea Island free sex and mermaids.This book is interesting for debate and as an example of male sexual frustration being blamed on women. Ultimately it is about how some men suffer trying to get sexual/reproductive access to females and might help us notice that the 'power' being defined is reproduction. In a market where the supply of sperm far outstrips the tiny market of eggs it does reduce the value of sperm and create massive competition in males and competition in females for better quality sperm and/or extras that improve the outcome for offspring. Embedded in Farrell's books is the manipulative attempt to solve this by encouraging young women to 'put out' more. It's the same old male longing for 'free' sex ie the usual reproductive behavior of male animals where post-copulatory costs are carried by females.In a market where the supply of sperm far outstrips the tiny market of eggs it does reduce the value of sperm and create massive competition in males and competition in females for better quality sperm and/or extras that improve the outcome for offspring. Embedded in Farrell's books is the manipulative attempt to solve this by encouraging young women to 'put out' more. It's the same old male longing for 'free' sex ie the usual reproductive behavior of male animals where post-copulatory costs are carried by females.In nature male animals experience far less or equal disposability as females when they are monogamous and concentrate more on parenting ie are symmetrical with female reproductive behavior. Can we look forward to this in the human male in the near future and solve the whole problem? Can we expect men might consider reducing the supply ie their sex-drive/seeking multiple partners and increasing their childcare. Reduce testosterone? Or is that blasphemy? The new question is What do men want? The answer is the same as ever - sex. The methods of trying to get it are the same even when put in a new wrapper such as Farrell's ie irrationality, deceit and manipulation.Perhaps the real myth is the myth of ADULT power and we should direct our anger and frustration towards our gametes, hormones, fetuses, infants and children that are the real reason males and females exist, are pulled together and driven apart. At least let's not create a new myth that the human male somehow managed to evolve a lack of self-interest. How gullible does Farrell hope we are
 This is book was on the New York Best Seller's list because it's about New York, not because it's well written or even interesting.  You run across a few gems throughout the book, but you have to be patient to get to them.  I hate to buy, start and not finish a book... it seems like such as waste. I'd gladly skip the book if I had to do it over again. 
 This was expected. A fanatic relativist dismembers absolutist views into little irrelevant pieces. Our civilization has been jumping between absolutism/universalism and relativism ever since its decline, with only a few people realizing a third alternative. With this whole book based on a flawed definition, it is a pointless and utterly tedious read
 First off, I have not read this book myself, so disreguard this review if you want. I'm reviewing it because based on the reviews and what I can tell here, and from descriptions from my own mother, I believe this is the book she used in a failed attempt to potty-train me. I am 99% sure, but she does not remember the title so I can't be 100% sure.My mother described a system where she devoted one day to nothing but potty-training. She got everyone else out of the house, and removed all my toys from eyesight. Then she went through a detailed explanation using a potty doll and had me try to explain it back, using the doll. She then showed me what looked like a whole kitchen full of little toys and candy, and told me I would get rewarded for using the potty that day. I remember all that part. After that she said that we went through a process where she had to scold me for accidents and we did nothing but try to go potty all day. I was definately old enough to be doing this, because I actually remember it. (I am 25 now, so if this book was published in the late 70s or early 80s, I'm being accurate.)Now, let me tell you the results. I don't remember how I felt that day, but I do know that it started something that became a huge emotional battle for me. I was a very sensitive child, and I am a very sensitive adult. What mom and I remember was that potty-training became a war in our home- and it took YEARS. Because of my sensitivities and my mother's poor choice in training methods, I began holding my bowel movements. (I was able urinate in the potty at a normal age, not sure when.) I would hold bowel movements whenever I had the urge to go, even if she put me back in a diaper. I held for weeks at times, and sometimes this required a lot of pain for me (obviously). When it finally got to the point that I couldn't hold it anymore, the BM was so big that I needed physical help to go. Sometimes it would get so bad that the opposite result would happen- I'd have a sudden diarheaa because the muscles were fatigued. This went on for years, and the doctors kept telling mom that I'd eventually outgrow it. She tried suppositories, oil, fiber, and even started giving me adult doses of laxatives. Finally, when I was 5 (two years into this), Mom made a tape recording of me SCREAMING while trying to go to the bathroom. A doctor took pity on us and prescribed enemas. I used them on and off for two more years. I was finally fully potty trained- AT SEVEN. I am now 25, and occasionally I still notice some health problems that may be attributable to this.Now, let me tell you the results. I don't remember how I felt that day, but I do know that it started something that became a huge emotional battle for me. I was a very sensitive child, and I am a very sensitive adult. What mom and I remember was that potty-training became a war in our home- and it took YEARS. Because of my sensitivities and my mother's poor choice in training methods, I began holding my bowel movements. (I was able urinate in the potty at a normal age, not sure when.) I would hold bowel movements whenever I had the urge to go, even if she put me back in a diaper. I held for weeks at times, and sometimes this required a lot of pain for me (obviously). When it finally got to the point that I couldn't hold it anymore, the BM was so big that I needed physical help to go. Sometimes it would get so bad that the opposite result would happen- I'd have a sudden diarheaa because the muscles were fatigued. This went on for years, and the doctors kept telling mom that I'd eventually outgrow it. She tried suppositories, oil, fiber, and even started giving me adult doses of laxatives. Finally, when I was 5 (two years into this), Mom made a tape recording of me SCREAMING while trying to go to the bathroom. A doctor took pity on us and prescribed enemas. I used them on and off for two more years. I was finally fully potty trained- AT SEVEN. I am now 25, and occasionally I still notice some health problems that may be attributable to this.Now, obviously there is no way I can fully explain why all that happened, and I certainly can not blame all of that on the book. I was a very sensitive kid, and my mom picked a bad time to do it too (I had just had a baby brother). But I just want to describe the danger of using a insensitive method. And I'm not just talking about the pain I went through there- if we're to believe Freudian theories about the anal stage of childhood- well, let's just say I could be his poster child.I am now potty-teaching my own highly sensitive daughter, who will be 3 in a week. We have been working on this (no specific methods, just lots of sitting on the potty) for over a year now, and with NO results. But I'm not in a hurry, and thats because she's not ready, and we need to do this on her timetable, not mine
 As I was reading this book, I came across many poems that were far too sexually explicit for my taste, to name a few:  "The First," "Early Images of Heaven" and "Full Summer."  I found these poems to be highly offensive, and improper for the general audience.As I was reading this book, I came across many poems that were far too sexually explicit for my taste, to name a few:  "The First," "Early Images of Heaven" and "Full Summer."  I found these poems to be highly offensive, and improper for the general audience.Had I been warned of the book's sexually explicit content ahead of time, I would not have read it.  I believe that it should be so marked on the cover so potential readers know what they aregetting into
 I looked at the 2002 printing as well as this 2006 revised printing in order to see what has been updated and all the reviews are identical. why? which edition are people reviewing? I think Amazon is making a mistake by not alloting reviews properly.I don't plan to buy this book until I can see the 2006 version and see if it's worth it myself
 We have to do better than this for our children. Controlling and turning your kid into the perfect little, well behaved lemming is going to haunt you until you die. This type of abuse never has a good, long term effect on anyone. Put the paddles and belts down and talk to your kids. They deserve at least that much.
 You can tell I don't pay attention to Wall Street Journal or New York Times. I picked up David Sacks' book from Borders' Linguistics stack because of the title. I should have known better. You can tell I don't pay attention to Wall Street Journal or New York Times. I picked up David Sacks' book from Borders' Linguistics stack because of the title. I should have known better. I started the first chapter and didn't have the time or intention to finish it. The book is a collection of charts and stories about the history of alphabetic writing that are to be expected from the title -- in some cases conviniently summarized things in tables and maps -- but lacks, in my opinion, systematic thinking on the reasons behind the origin and prosperity of alphabetic writing that is found in other scholarly works (scholarly it is not). I started the first chapter and didn't have the time or intention to finish it. The book is a collection of charts and stories about the history of alphabetic writing that are to be expected from the title -- in some cases conviniently summarized things in tables and maps -- but lacks, in my opinion, systematic thinking on the reasons behind the origin and prosperity of alphabetic writing that is found in other scholarly works (scholarly it is not). Even within the first 20 pages or so, I was disawayed more than a few times by dubious claims, utter misinformation, and distastefully Euro/English-centric. Here are some examples:Even within the first 20 pages or so, I was disawayed more than a few times by dubious claims, utter misinformation, and distastefully Euro/English-centric. Here are some examples:"The alphabet was not the earliest writing: Egypt, Mesopotamia, and probably China already had nonalphabetic systems. But the alphabet was the most efficient writing system ever found, before or since (p.1)" -- What about Hirogana for Japanese? Syllabaries can be much more efficient for languages that do not have a large inventory of syllables. "The alphabet was not the earliest writing: Egypt, Mesopotamia, and probably China already had nonalphabetic systems. But the alphabet was the most efficient writing system ever found, before or since (p.1)" -- What about Hirogana for Japanese? Syllabaries can be much more efficient for languages that do not have a large inventory of syllables. "The 'spreadability' of an alphabet means that the future of our Roman letters looks very bright indeed. (p. 10)" -- He was speaking of languages that are written in multiple alphabets, such as Swahili, Serbo-Croatian, Urdu/Hindi, and Yiddish. And then came this proud comment on the prospect "our Roman letters". Immediately following the above quote, he gave examples of Azerbaijian and Tatarstan's decision to switch to Roman, as well as other "struggling nation"'s likewise decisions to "switch to Roman letters for native tongues, as a big to tie into global trade and communications and to better prepare their prople to learn English. Tragically, much that is venerable and spiritually sustaining while be lost. Yet that seems inevitable in the 21st century were are shaping. And it is sobering to reflect that our 26 letters wield such power.""The 'spreadability' of an alphabet means that the future of our Roman letters looks very bright indeed. (p. 10)" -- He was speaking of languages that are written in multiple alphabets, such as Swahili, Serbo-Croatian, Urdu/Hindi, and Yiddish. And then came this proud comment on the prospect "our Roman letters". Immediately following the above quote, he gave examples of Azerbaijian and Tatarstan's decision to switch to Roman, as well as other "struggling nation"'s likewise decisions to "switch to Roman letters for native tongues, as a big to tie into global trade and communications and to better prepare their prople to learn English. Tragically, much that is venerable and spiritually sustaining while be lost. Yet that seems inevitable in the 21st century were are shaping. And it is sobering to reflect that our 26 letters wield such power."His view of the learnability of the alphabet is also uneducated, shall I say. The following superficial comment could have come from an old gradama who happened have NOT been a teacher for her lifetime. His view of the learnability of the alphabet is also uneducated, shall I say. The following superficial comment could have come from an old gradama who happened have NOT been a teacher for her lifetime. "An alphabet enjoys on huge advantage over any other writing system: It needs fewer symbols. No other sysmtem can get away with so few. This makes an alphabet easier to learn. Students need memorize only two dozen or so letters to begin building toward literacy, which typically takes about another five years of instruction". "An alphabet enjoys on huge advantage over any other writing system: It needs fewer symbols. No other sysmtem can get away with so few. This makes an alphabet easier to learn. Students need memorize only two dozen or so letters to begin building toward literacy, which typically takes about another five years of instruction". And -- he writes -- because of this simplicity, children can become literate before the working age. "This cricial fact has made the alphabet historically the vehicle of mass literacy. (p.5)" Well, "vehicle" is a very clevery way of framing it. At least he is not saying that where there is alphabet there is mass literacy. Mass literacy was nevery a goal before the inducstry revolution. Now Sacks joins the ranks of you-know-who's by implying that the Europeans and Western ideals were destined to take over the world because they had the alphabet and probably the mandate from God. (Guns, what guns?)And -- he writes -- because of this simplicity, children can become literate before the working age. "This cricial fact has made the alphabet historically the vehicle of mass literacy. (p.5)" Well, "vehicle" is a very clevery way of framing it. At least he is not saying that where there is alphabet there is mass literacy. Mass literacy was nevery a goal before the inducstry revolution. Now Sacks joins the ranks of you-know-who's by implying that the Europeans and Western ideals were destined to take over the world because they had the alphabet and probably the mandate from God. (Guns, what guns?)Sacks also compared "our 26 letters" -- as if alphabetic writing is patented at the USPO -- to Chinese. "Today Chinese schoolchildren normally take three years longer than Western children to learn to read and write, with most of that extra time devoted to mastering the symbols." extra time devoted to mastering the symbols." This is completely misinformation. Learning to read Chinese is not easy, but do a little research, you will find studies over studies and books over books on comparitive studies of literacy (including my own). I've nevery seen a credible study that substantiates the 3-year lag. By the way, Sacks almost never gives citations. This is completely misinformation. Learning to read Chinese is not easy, but do a little research, you will find studies over studies and books over books on comparitive studies of literacy (including my own). I've nevery seen a credible study that substantiates the 3-year lag. By the way, Sacks almost never gives citations. I think that's enough. This explains my total disappointment with the book -- I sholdn't have any high expectation from the start, had I known who David Sacks is.
 The hero is a cold,mean brute who does not deserve his gentle wife Kassia.He should have been made to marry Joanna the shrewish woman he was betrothed to.I couldn't get past Graelam raping Kassia,I really couldn't.I know this is medieval England and women were more or less treated like chattel,but come on.Kassia is a gentle sweet girl who does everything to please this philandering,brute of a man.He sleeps with one of the servants after he marries Kassia, when she confronts him he threatens to beat and rape her which he had already done(I shuddered again right there).There's not one but two women undermining Kassia's authority and she sits back and takes this,please!The servants and his own soldiers abhor his treatment of Kassia throughout the book.I prayed for her to runaway with Dienwald or for Guy to fall in love with her and take her away from Graelam.The women who made Kassialife hell were rewarded for their treatment of her,they are never made to pay for what they did to her which is another thing that put me off this book.I like to see the heroine giving as good as she gets even if she's not a particularly strong character.Kassia was far too soft and gentle for this brute as a result he walked all over her quite literally.I wanted him to really suffer for his treatment of her which he didn't,this is why I bothered to finish this book for him to get his comeuppance which hedidn't.She capitulated far too easily in the end when he came to get her at her father's castle.I know that he's a warrior but didn't knights have a chivalric code
 Pinching a child's trapezius muscle? Hitting him or her with a belt or a stick hard enough for it to hurt? James Dobson should be put away.Pinching a child's trapezius muscle? Hitting him or her with a belt or a stick hard enough for it to hurt? James Dobson should be put away.Raising children this way may make them obedient to their parents, but they will be prone to abuse others once they reach adulthood. Look at Adolf Hitler and Saddam Hussein.Raising children this way may make them obedient to their parents, but they will be prone to abuse others once they reach adulthood. Look at Adolf Hitler and Saddam Hussein.At best, children who are physically abused will grow up to practice BSDM.At best, children who are physically abused will grow up to practice BSDM.This book deserves no stars
 Dobson has this to say about the supposed 'strong-willed child'. "Even in infancy, he fairly bristles when his dinner is late and he insists that someone hold him during every waking hour. Later, during toddlerhood, he declares total war on all forms of authority...his greatest thrill comes from drawing on the walls and flushing kitties down the toilet." The "strong-willed child" has a "rampaging will."Dobson has this to say about the supposed 'strong-willed child'. "Even in infancy, he fairly bristles when his dinner is late and he insists that someone hold him during every waking hour. Later, during toddlerhood, he declares total war on all forms of authority...his greatest thrill comes from drawing on the walls and flushing kitties down the toilet." The "strong-willed child" has a "rampaging will."It should be pointed-out that James Dobson's training is in Educational Psychology, NOT Child Psychology, OR Child Development. I'm afraid he confuses 'strong-will' with anger, alienation, resentment, and contempt. These are behaviors that are commonly produced in children as a result of his (and his ilk) approach toward child-rearing.It should be pointed-out that James Dobson's training is in Educational Psychology, NOT Child Psychology, OR Child Development. I'm afraid he confuses 'strong-will' with anger, alienation, resentment, and contempt. These are behaviors that are commonly produced in children as a result of his (and his ilk) approach toward child-rearing.Like his right-wing christian compatriot, Ezzo, he would have parents believe that children are inherently evil. The implicit advise is to beat the devil out of them.
 I wanted to be interested in this book, but it became pretty boring ater a while. There is an undercurrent of romanticism that pervades the authors purpose. He claims to be neutral, yet his descriptions and conversations with many of the people slant towards idol worship. Although the author claims to be in recovery, I did not get the sense of how drugs and alcohol can ruin peoples lives. I felt that his narrative was self serving, and glorifying the wonders of drugs and experimentation. There is a price to pay. What was good was hearing his father's take on the whole down side of watching his son grow up loaded. That was interesting. I'm getting weary of the proselytizing about how epochal the 1960's, 70's and 80's were. I didn't like his picture either
 My brother had severe acne a year or so ago that he inherited from my Dad's side of the family.  He had tried antibiotics with no success and wanted to go on Accutane.  Having heard bad things about the side effects, my Dad wanted my brother to try the diet for a couple months before deciding to take the medication.  He faithfully followed it with no results whatsoever.  Some of the ideas in the book are absurd - as a diabetic with a horrible eating habit and no teenage acne, I can tell you that the focus on dieting and insulin spikes as a direct cause of of the condition is preposterous.  When I was a teenager, I'd go on serious candy binges that required insulin doses bordering on the irresponsible, and I got through high school with only the occasional zit.  I've read that for a small number of people, diet can be a factor for acne, but obviously our experience points to something else as the primary cause (this assumes you eat reasonably well - malnutrition isn't sexy).  Since medication should always be a last resort, a change of diet is probably a good first approach for those with minor blemishes, but those with a serious condition should look elsewhere.  For the curious, while my brother had some strong side effects from the Accutane (none dangerous, primarily incredibly dry skin and eyes), it certainly succeeded in clearing up his skin
 This is a fine series so when I began this volume I had hopes that it would be of the same standard as the others.  Ms. Haney has a genuine gift in giving readers the "texture" of everyday life in imperial Rome (at the time of Vespasian and Titus in this one).  The dialogue and the characters are both engaging.  So what went wrong?  A young girl appears to speak with Falco believing someone in her family wants to kill her.  And away we go, on and on and on!  I was weary by the time I got to the rather flat conclusion and felt that a good editing would have been most helpful; the length of this book (326 pages) really cannot support so thin a story.  I was left wondering what had happened and if somehow I had missed something as there was so little going on
 Very disappointed with it. Was expecting something groundbreaking, but it failed to deliever. An easy read and quite honestly, boring.Very disappointed with it. Was expecting something groundbreaking, but it failed to deliever. An easy read and quite honestly, boring.Don't waste your time. Read something more worthwile like Robert Anton Wilson.Don't waste your time. Read something more worthwile like Robert Anton Wilson.
 I am pretty sure that the author sent the only positive review.  That is pretty pathetic.  This book was written with no rhyme or reason.  There is no good progression of information or understandable sense to it all.  One  star is stretch.  Plus, i am asian, and it was still hard for me-that is  when you know it is bad
 This book, by the way, was published in 1988, NOT 1998 as the notes above indicate. It is also reflected in the books theme and attitude.This book, by the way, was published in 1988, NOT 1998 as the notes above indicate. It is also reflected in the books theme and attitude.I have read three chapters so far and this is what I have gleaned from the book:1) Your daughter will only be "successful" if she chooses male oriented occupations.2) Your daughter will only be "successful" if she is a doctor, NOT a nurse. Heaven forbid she be a nurse, housewife, teacher.3) Your daughter won't be "successful" if she goes to a coed school. Send her to a female only institution, that way she only has to compete against other girls.4) Your daughter won't be a success without playing poker, chess or other strategy games. Don't even think of pulling out Dora or some other "girl" game.4) Your daughter won't be a success without playing poker, chess or other strategy games. Don't even think of pulling out Dora or some other "girl" game.Surely there must be better books for Dads to gain some info on theie daughters and ways to help them along as they grow. I could go on with more examples from this feminist rant, but frankly don't have the time. My daughter and I are going to kick the soccer ball.Surely there must be better books for Dads to gain some info on theie daughters and ways to help them along as they grow. I could go on with more examples from this feminist rant, but frankly don't have the time. My daughter and I are going to kick the soccer ball.And BTW, don't even let her enjoy an english class or play with dolls. Force her into that science and math slot. Sign her up for computer camp because we all know that PC's are designed strictly for boys.And BTW, don't even let her enjoy an english class or play with dolls. Force her into that science and math slot. Sign her up for computer camp because we all know that PC's are designed strictly for boys.I really feel this book is outdated, both in examples and most importantly, attitude. Try something different.I really feel this book is outdated, both in examples and most importantly, attitude. Try something different.
 I have read this book only once time, it tooks me about 1 hour, It is very basic, have not any important info, else that you can get from a free catalo
 First a little background... I'm 53 with a preteen son. I'm not quite a Luddite.  I make my living from an online business that I own and operate. Our "big" present to our son last Xmas was a computer -- one he and I were going to build from scratch. The main use of the computer was going to be video games and school work. We gave our son a budget (not big by gamer PC standards) to shop for the parts. First a little background... I'm 53 with a preteen son. I'm not quite a Luddite.  I make my living from an online business that I own and operate. Our "big" present to our son last Xmas was a computer -- one he and I were going to build from scratch. The main use of the computer was going to be video games and school work. We gave our son a budget (not big by gamer PC standards) to shop for the parts. I've read a few books recently on the gaming "culture" to better understand it. This book came highly recommended from reviews here, so I read it.I've read a few books recently on the gaming "culture" to better understand it. This book came highly recommended from reviews here, so I read it.My reaction to the book? It took a while, but I finally realized it felt like I was reading a study paid for and prepared on behalf of the video game industry. There are lots of great statistics, but rather flimsy rational defending extensive video game playing and how it's successfully preparing gamers to succeed in the future.  My reaction to the book? It took a while, but I finally realized it felt like I was reading a study paid for and prepared on behalf of the video game industry. There are lots of great statistics, but rather flimsy rational defending extensive video game playing and how it's successfully preparing gamers to succeed in the future.  I did learn a few things. I got a dose of reality about why it seems like everyone under 35 plays video games extensively. I see that the *gamer generation* has a lot to offer. I also seriously wonder about the gaps in what they have to offer.I did learn a few things. I got a dose of reality about why it seems like everyone under 35 plays video games extensively. I see that the *gamer generation* has a lot to offer. I also seriously wonder about the gaps in what they have to offer.A main thesis of the book is that gamers learn how to think and figure things out, because video games are about figuring out how to beat the game. Interesting, since by the examples cited, it mostly appears to be trial and error with no significant logic involved. I call it learn by trying anything, as opposed to learn by thinking. Both have their place.A main thesis of the book is that gamers learn how to think and figure things out, because video games are about figuring out how to beat the game. Interesting, since by the examples cited, it mostly appears to be trial and error with no significant logic involved. I call it learn by trying anything, as opposed to learn by thinking. Both have their place.Supposedly, gamers are more willing to take (theoretically controlled) risks as well. Somehow the authors see the dot.com boom (and bust) as an endorsement of the future of business in the hands of gamers (who largely ran the dot.coms). I see a different story than the authors from those days of yore.Supposedly, gamers are more willing to take (theoretically controlled) risks as well. Somehow the authors see the dot.com boom (and bust) as an endorsement of the future of business in the hands of gamers (who largely ran the dot.coms). I see a different story than the authors from those days of yore.I could go on, but I think you get the point. The book says little (nothing?) about how video games are helping gamers learn math, science, or reading. Personally, I believe those skills/knowledge are MUCH more important to a person's future than the ability to learn thru trial and error. I could go on, but I think you get the point. The book says little (nothing?) about how video games are helping gamers learn math, science, or reading. Personally, I believe those skills/knowledge are MUCH more important to a person's future than the ability to learn thru trial and error. Maybe the conclusions of the authors will prove to be correct. I hope so. But personally, I'm concerned for any business that runs on the pure gamer mentality that I understand to be endorsed by the book.
 Unfortunately, Sidney Wolfe and the whole "Worst Pills" business enterprise is riding on the reputation of Public Citizen as a champion for consumers, but has failed to live up to it with this guide. In some cases, warnings are included regarding various drugs that are not based on scientific reports, but rather, are based on the marketing literature and information from the pharmaceutical companies themselves -- hardly an unbiased, consumer-oriented source of information. Consider as one example the book's "Do Not Use" warning regarding the prescription drug, Armour Thyroid. Rather than offering any research to support this severe recommendation (because there ISN'T any research), the "guide" instead quotes the AMA and the American Thyroid Association, two groups that greatly enjoy the largesse of the thyroid drug makers who want to put Armour -- a far less expensive drug -- out of business. If this is the sort of "unbiased information" you want about the drugs you take, you might as well go ahead and just read the pharmaceutical company pamphlets. If millions of thyroid patients taking Armour Thyroid were to follow the advice in "Worst Pills," the only thing that ends up for the worse is our health. I definitely do NOT recommend this book in any way. -- Mary J. Shomon, Thyroid Patient Advocate and Autho
 I read this as a thirteen year old boy and enjoyed it.  A re-read twenty years later gave me a different perspective.  MacLeans dialogue between his characters is comic book variety at best. There are also a few glaring errors that I am surprised that his editor did not pick up on, two of note: Shaffer (supposedly from Montana) is credited with a Mid-West accent?? Montana is far west not 'mid' west.  Secondly, Nazi helicopters?  This is just plain sloppy.  MacLean should have known much better.I read this as a thirteen year old boy and enjoyed it.  A re-read twenty years later gave me a different perspective.  MacLeans dialogue between his characters is comic book variety at best. There are also a few glaring errors that I am surprised that his editor did not pick up on, two of note: Shaffer (supposedly from Montana) is credited with a Mid-West accent?? Montana is far west not 'mid' west.  Secondly, Nazi helicopters?  This is just plain sloppy.  MacLean should have known much better.This one belongs on the bookshelf of a teenage boy.  For a better read of MacLeans better works I reccomend; HMS Ulysess and Bear Island.  The characters are far more credible and provide a better story by far.  A poor effort by Mr MacLean
 Dobson has it wrong. Children's susceptibility to God and the attributes of God has to do with rearing them with the love of God in their hearts from the beginning, praying and relying on God, and being taught to please God. Violence begets violence. To spank and be violent toward children is proof of the perpetrator's ignorance of modern scientific evidence that spanking is detrimental to the emotional, physical and spiritual evolution of children. Ignorance begets ignorance, and if you're in charge of children, feeding your mind with ignorance is no benefit to your child
 I agree with one of the earlier reviewers headlines, that was something like &quot;just ok, not great.&quot; I've been working w/ Server 2003 for a while now, and from my work experience, I knew certain things in the book were kind of being glossed over that really needed more coverage. I would read each chapter, read the summaries, take all the practice questions, and be left with this nagging feeling that the book was not really preparing me completely for what I'd face on the exam. Unfortunately, I was right, and I just missed passing the exam. This book isn't terrible, but just be sure you use some additional resources and that you have some good work experience also
 Hank Hanegraff is a blatant replacement theologian where the nation of Israel is concerned.  He is further from the truth where prophecy is concerned than most groups, to include pretribulationists.  Indeed, his "scholarship" is no scholarship at all; it is pure propaganda....  To see real scholarship, get Tim Cohen's materials (see below):Hank Hanegraff is a blatant replacement theologian where the nation of Israel is concerned.  He is further from the truth where prophecy is concerned than most groups, to include pretribulationists.  Indeed, his "scholarship" is no scholarship at all; it is pure propaganda....  To see real scholarship, get Tim Cohen's materials (see below):Tim LaHaye, Jerry Jenkins, and others in the Pre-Trib circle, such as Ed Hindson, Tommy Ice, Chuck Missler, Zola Levitt, Thomas McCall, John Hagee, Grant Jeffrey, Marlin Maddox, Perry Stone, Texe Marrs, John Walvoord (deceased), etc., continue to put forth the same deceptions that Hal Lindsey popularized decades ago.  The notion of a pre-tribulation rapture is foreign to scripture, it is foreign to the teachings of the early Church, and it is grooming the Church for destruction through ignorance and lack of preparation for what is really coming.  These men are novices and not prophecy "experts" or "scholars" by any stretch of the imagination; they are those who tickle the ears of gullible Christians.  Why continue to be deceived?  Tim Cohen, in his excellent book, "The AntiChrist and a Cup of Tea," provides biblically sound and testable evidence to show that the coming AntiChrist is known NOW.  Not only that, the same author (Tim Cohen) has now put out the strongest presentation on the whole issue of the rapture EVER offered to the saints of God in Christ: "The REAL Rapture".  If you really want to know the truth about the timing of the coming rapture, then you need to hear Tim Cohen's "The REAL Rapture" (based on a volume in his forthcoming "Messiah, History, and the Tribulation Period" series (see Prophecy House's site for details on these items, which are also available via Amazon)
 I found this book to be pretentiously over complexified. The relationship between object and surface has been aptly documented by many other art historians of the late 20thC.I think that Fred has in this case over analysed too few works by the great artist, flag to me and many of the people I have discussed it with is far too complex a work for a man like Orton to even vaguely comment on critically. He appears to my other academic associates and I to be slightly out of his depth at this level, and in future would do well to perhaps abandon the bottle of Gin which he is widely known to keep under his desk, and to consequently write something worthwhile and not liquer-induced.Mr Orton, I am not your fan. 
 this book hardly has any conversation in it and hardly goes into detail about anything. i didn't even like the story. i would give this book a big fat ZERO if i could!!
 2 stars for decent writing (at least a decent translation), for an intriguing start, and for the occasional appearance of a melancholy dwarf.  That's pretty much it.  Negative stars aplenty for the protagonists -- Coy and Tanger (I listened to NC on 13 endless tapes, so perhaps am misspelling their names).  The tortured metaphors they speak, think, and by which they -- and their insipid adventures -- are continually described, bore to tears.  Aside from an occasional scrape between Coy and the aforementioned dwarf or his boss, all of the action in NC clusters at the beginning (promisingly so, I'll grant) and the end (all wimper, no bang) of this novel.  As a salty seadog once said (no doubt anticipating this novel), "Ahoy matey, thar.  She blows!"  
 I hold Martin's Song of Ice and Frie series in high regard; the man is a talented writer.  For adults. I hold Martin's Song of Ice and Frie series in high regard; the man is a talented writer.  For adults.     The problem with this book is that it reads exactly like whay you'd expect a chlidren's book written by George R.R.Martin to read like.  By this I mean violent imagery and the occasional immolation of soon-to-be-dearly-departed-uncles.  (And as an uncle I object to this wanton anti-uncle setiment running rampant in children's literature!!!)    The problem with this book is that it reads exactly like whay you'd expect a chlidren's book written by George R.R.Martin to read like.  By this I mean violent imagery and the occasional immolation of soon-to-be-dearly-departed-uncles.  (And as an uncle I object to this wanton anti-uncle setiment running rampant in children's literature!!!)   There seems to be no age group for this book.  The story isn't that engrossing, and a kid I'd feel comfortable buying a book for containing this level of violence would most likely want something more substanial.  Though for adults I strongly recommend Martin's other books over Mr. Pratchett, when it comes to books for kids about this age level I've gotta go with Pratchett's Wee Freemen over this.   There seems to be no age group for this book.  The story isn't that engrossing, and a kid I'd feel comfortable buying a book for containing this level of violence would most likely want something more substanial.  Though for adults I strongly recommend Martin's other books over Mr. Pratchett, when it comes to books for kids about this age level I've gotta go with Pratchett's Wee Freemen over this.Or, for slightly younger kids, The Persistent Gappers of Firth.  Hell, eveybody loves the Gappers of Firth.Or, for slightly younger kids, The Persistent Gappers of Firth.  Hell, eveybody loves the Gappers of Firth. 
 This is a highly influential book.  Roosevelt has had many enemies growing out of his presidency.  No one has had the same negative impact on Roosevelt's name to equal Wyman's attack.  But, although Wyman, a  professional historian has well-documented his research, much of the  indictment of the Roosevelt Administration is based upon conjecture  incapable of proof.  The litmus test of his proposals was the bombing of  Auschwitz.  He asserts that the failure to bomb was due to a lack of  caring.  Thousands of Jews could have been saved.  But there is no way to  prove this.  Many Jews could also have died because bombing was inaccurate  and Jewish prisoners lived close to the crematoria.  Too much in his  charges is based on too little evidence.  Peter Novick in his book, The  Holocaust in American Life, calls Wyman's thesis a &quot;comfortable  morality tale&quot; and &quot;bad history.&quot;  In addition to Novick,  Henry L. Feingold, Frank W. Brecher, and William Rubinstein have written  critically about Wyman
 Cover Blurb:Cover Blurb:When undercover work requires working under the covers, danger is an uninvited bedfellow...When undercover work requires working under the covers, danger is an uninvited bedfellow...Erin McKenzie, a newly promoted homicide detective, lands the assignment of her career when she is chosen to investigate Elizabeth Adams, the number one suspect in a slew of serial murders. Adams, elusive and devastatingly beautiful, is not only an accomplished seductress but also a lesbian.Erin McKenzie, a newly promoted homicide detective, lands the assignment of her career when she is chosen to investigate Elizabeth Adams, the number one suspect in a slew of serial murders. Adams, elusive and devastatingly beautiful, is not only an accomplished seductress but also a lesbian.* * ** * *I have just finished reading this book after struggling with it for two months and, quite frankly, it is probably the worst book I have ever taken the time to finish. The only reason I prevailed to the bitter end was I wanted to see if it truly was as bad to the last page as it was from the first--and let me tell you, it was.I have just finished reading this book after struggling with it for two months and, quite frankly, it is probably the worst book I have ever taken the time to finish. The only reason I prevailed to the bitter end was I wanted to see if it truly was as bad to the last page as it was from the first--and let me tell you, it was.Not only was this slow-paced, stilted, plodding excuse for suspence peppered with paper-thin characters who all sounded vaguely familiar, but two of the three main protagonists are thinly disguised Xeroxes of two beloved TV characters, minus the breast-plate, sword and loin-cloth skirt. I leave you to work out who I'm refering too.Not only was this slow-paced, stilted, plodding excuse for suspence peppered with paper-thin characters who all sounded vaguely familiar, but two of the three main protagonists are thinly disguised Xeroxes of two beloved TV characters, minus the breast-plate, sword and loin-cloth skirt. I leave you to work out who I'm refering too.This book desperately struggles with flat, stilted language that has neither voice nor colour, giving the descriptions of place and people about as much life as a body on the morgue slab awaiting autopsy. Add to that is the fact that at least 50-60 pages could easily have been cut from the length by a good Editor, thereby maybe adding a smidgen of tension to the over-worked plotline.This book desperately struggles with flat, stilted language that has neither voice nor colour, giving the descriptions of place and people about as much life as a body on the morgue slab awaiting autopsy. Add to that is the fact that at least 50-60 pages could easily have been cut from the length by a good Editor, thereby maybe adding a smidgen of tension to the over-worked plotline.However, it is the three main protagonists who irritated me the most, the Author seemingly unable to decide on personality traits and character, which vacillate in a jarring way. I was left totally unsympathetic to any of them and the situations/circumstances they found themselves in.However, it is the three main protagonists who irritated me the most, the Author seemingly unable to decide on personality traits and character, which vacillate in a jarring way. I was left totally unsympathetic to any of them and the situations/circumstances they found themselves in.A very unsatisfying read
 I thought this book was a waste of my reading time.  I saw a review on the Today Show, and read several postive reviews as well, and it piqued my interest.  What I thought may be a book about how to deal with and accept the coming changes/challenges of a mother/pre-teen daughter relationship was a book about a mother seeming to tiptoe around her daughter's emotional state.  What is Sarah going to think about this, what is she going to say about that, etc.?  The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is that I applaud the time spent Karen and Sarah spent together.  Something that should be done in all parent-child relationships.  I thought this book was a waste of my reading time.  I saw a review on the Today Show, and read several postive reviews as well, and it piqued my interest.  What I thought may be a book about how to deal with and accept the coming changes/challenges of a mother/pre-teen daughter relationship was a book about a mother seeming to tiptoe around her daughter's emotional state.  What is Sarah going to think about this, what is she going to say about that, etc.?  The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is that I applaud the time spent Karen and Sarah spent together.  Something that should be done in all parent-child relationships.  I would like to think there are better books on this subject. 
 ...but Lana Wood has a very autobiographical writing style. I found Wood's memoir to be incredibly gossipy. She speaks for pages upon pages about her own feelings during pivotal times in Natalie's life. Every here or there, it's nice to have an eyewitness account of what happened at certain times, but I'd rather read about the Academy Awards for which Natalie was being nominated instead of the powerful men in Hollywood with whom Lana was sleeping. There is a lot of name-dropping as well as a lack of substance in the book's context. After reading this, I read Suzanne Finstad's NATASHA and found it to be very thorough and much more detailed about both her personal and professional life. I was not a fan of this book in any respect
 I appreciate anyone's attempts to examine the deeper nature of life and share that with the rest of us. However, I could see a hole in Csikszentmihalyi's attempt from the beginning. I appreciate anyone's attempts to examine the deeper nature of life and share that with the rest of us. However, I could see a hole in Csikszentmihalyi's attempt from the beginning. "In the course of my studies I tried to understand as exactly as possible how people felt when they most enjoyed themselves, and why. My first studies involved a few hundred "experts"--artists, athletes, musicians, chess masters, and surgeons, in other words, people who seem to spend their time in precisely those activities they preferred.""In the course of my studies I tried to understand as exactly as possible how people felt when they most enjoyed themselves, and why. My first studies involved a few hundred "experts"--artists, athletes, musicians, chess masters, and surgeons, in other words, people who seem to spend their time in precisely those activities they preferred."I'm surely not alone in wondering why on earth one would presume the above professions are strictly happy and "optimal experience". Particularly the reference to artists and musicians, who typically have severe struggles with life, and aren't on cloud nine just because some professors might like them in a couple hundred years. That is what I felt was the very weak point of the book--a study of happiness with almost no reference to unhappiness. I'm surely not alone in wondering why on earth one would presume the above professions are strictly happy and "optimal experience". Particularly the reference to artists and musicians, who typically have severe struggles with life, and aren't on cloud nine just because some professors might like them in a couple hundred years. That is what I felt was the very weak point of the book--a study of happiness with almost no reference to unhappiness. It goes on to talk about ways to find flow in our ordinary life, while dodging the bullet continually about why if flow was all those great people needed, did they still encounter countless problems and unhappiness.
      I was INCREDIBLY disappointed with this book purchase - especially because I paid FULL PRICE for it. I have absolutely NO USE for it. Why?      Why pay money for a book that simply takes prepackaged cookie and cake mixes, and adds a handful of nuts or dried fruit, (thus, making it "homemade") to give away? Anyone with the smallest amount of natural creativity could do this on their own, without the instruction of a cookbook. Let me give you an example: One of the "recipes" in this book is for lollipops.You melt down other lollipops or pieces of hard candy and drop a stick in the puddle. WOW. That is CRAFTY. How ridiculous. Even worse, - as you will see by the illustration, - the "homemade" 'lollipop' looks disgusting. The stick is about four times as thick as the paper-thin puddle of liquified old hard candy. I wouldn't DARE give such a thing away as a GIFT.     Only a handful of recipes in this book are actually scratch-made from ingredients. The premise of this book is dressing up premade prepackaged foods from your local grocery store, and slapping some notions from the craft store on a glass jar or paper box. While some of the presentation ideas are original and attractive, in general it will prove a grave disappointment to an experienced cook.     I have given this book two stars because it does present lovely photo illustrations of every "recipe", and may give you inspiration for packaging and presenting your best recipes as gifts...... but if you have any creative talent and cooking skill whatsoever, - I advise you to seek out another book on this subject. It is not worth the cost of the book.     Should you be interested in the simplicity and economical value (the craft notions to dress the package will cost more than the food you are preparing)found in this book, - PLEASE- buy a USED copy, - it isn't worth more than $3 bucks. This is definitely a publication for a very inexperienced cook - and it is only for such a one I would recommend this book
 I must admit I usually write only positive reviews as I buy books very carefully.  This is unfortunately a wrong buy.  I like the Shabby Chic style and since she's the person to get inspiration from on this style, I immediately bought this book without hesitation.  I must say I wasn't inspired at all not even on one item and I am usually quite easily inspired by just reading a mag, browsing through ebay or simply walking around the market.  The pics are big but on flowers??  I think  I should've got the first book instead
 I too eagerly anticipated reading this book, since I went through an apron-sewing blitz this summer. I was a bit disappointed, however. Although the photos and instructions are helpful (for seamsters more accomplished than myself), the tone of the book is reactionary, with negative statements about working mothers and a lot of nostalgia for the Ozzie and Harriet era. Although Geisel celebrates the rebirth of the domestic arts, she praises the home-as-nest (enclave of traditional domesticity) rather than the house-as-studio (a DIY workshop involving every member in open-ended acts of engagement with economy, history, and culture.) Still, there's some interesting history and some great photos
 This is not very good. That is to say, the writing and the fluidity of Gazzara's life become bland and uninteresting quite fast. I initially picked it up because as an actor I find biographies or autobio's about somewhat lesser known people more curious than approaching someone like Paul Newman or Brando, who each have several books...And Gazzara's career has been an intruiging one. As a member of the Actors Studio, which produced the aforementioned actors along with countless others, his rise to Broadway and Hollywood was quick. He originated Brick in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof, and played his first film for Otto Preminger-opposite James Stewart and George C. Scott, among others-in Anatomy of a Murder. But his approach to acting, which is of primary importance to me, was not chronicled. Instead he regales with stories of what and who the people he worked with were like. What the particular country he was shooting in was like, etc., etc. One of his primary sources of regard is his work with John Cassavetes, and it is clear Cassavetes was a major influence and close friend, someone Gazzara owes much, and the process by which they created Husbands and other films is investigated more than any other. Cassavetes too comes out as a more interesting, Larger Than Life guy, while Gazzara's tales of living in Italy, or being in Spain, New York, Hollywood, the Philippines, etc., etc. just made me jealous...I guess I wanted to know more about the life of an Actor who has worked as long as Gazzara has, is still relatively known-but never became a "star," and continues to work, without feeling he is a hack who doesn't take his work seriously..
 I found this book sadly lacking in substance and quality activities. Spend your money on Days of Knights and Damsels by Carlson
 Not recommended for native speakers of the English language.When trees == forests and top-level directories are instead 'naming contexts' .... The desirable format would be "This feature, which MS call 'X', is 'Y' plain english", but instead the Y feature will only ever be called X. This is not a helpful book
 If I had been an editor and received "Deadly Slipper",I would have said the following:I would have said the following:"Dear Ms. Wan,"Dear Ms. Wan,Your book is unacceptable for the following reasons:Your book is unacceptable for the following reasons:1) The Setting.  One hazard of writing about the placewhere you spend your summers is that you end upwriting through the eyes of a visitor rather than anative.  Dordogne sounds delightful,and I'd certainlylike to visit it based on your descriptions ofdelightful pigeon coops and sheep scattered across thelandscape, but it is disturbing that you havecicadas singing in May.  It suggests you are onlyfamiliar with the setting during the vacation monthswhen you habitually visit. To really describe a place,I think you need to know it better.I think you need to know it better.2) The characters.  Because you spend your summers inDordogne, you appear to know only other wealthyforeigners.  All your main characters are expatriateswith irritatingly bourgeois occupations.  I don't knowif you realize that all the native-born Frenchcharacters you portray are ugly, boorish, sexuallydepraved, mentally defective, criminal, or terminallyquaint, and they all appear to make cheese.  Surelythis isn't a realistic portrayal of the French.this isn't a realistic portrayal of the French.3) The Orchids.  Actually, the orchids are fine, butthe idea that orchid fanciers are maniacal andpossibly homicidal is a questionable one; most orchidfanciers are fairly tedious.  Also, the idea that a ladyslipper mutant would spontaneously occur and allow theorchid to live outside its native habitat is idiotic. Anyone would tell you that a hybrid is a better bet.Anyone would tell you that a hybrid is a better bet.4) The Dogs.  One cute dog is sufficient; two are toomuch.  Puppies are inexcusable.much.  Puppies are inexcusable.5) The Romance.  Most mystery writer are aware of thehazard of including a romance in a mystery, but youwalked in innocently, unaware that your two charactersare unpleasant, self-involved and have no chemistry(and that's not even mentioning their unspeakabledogs).  You set a big obstacle in their path by havingone think the other is a deranged serial killer; agreat writer might be able to pull this off, but youcan't. can't. 6) Trendoid aspects.  Epistolary novels are *so* 18thcentury.  But having a NY psychiatrist profile theserial killer by email is so LAST WEEK.  You will besorry you did this, sooner rather than later.  sorry you did this, sooner rather than later.  7) The Ending.  Ridiculous and melodramatic.  Georges Simenon wrote about crime with great psychological acuity.  You should read one of his books.7) The Ending.  Ridiculous and melodramatic.  Georges Simenon wrote about crime with great psychological acuity.  You should read one of his books.
 This book is very disappointing. The writing is terrible and rather amateurish. The writer bored me, maybe something's lost in translation from French, I don't know.  I already knew the killer the first time he was introduced in the book, although the writer tried to create red herrings which did not work. Mara sounds stupid, immature and inconsistent. Skip this book, it's not worth your time. Peter Mayle's mysteries set in France are way much better that this. At least his novels have sense of humor, suspense, very interesting characters and most important, they are very well written
 I was extremely disappointed by this book/pamphlet, being misled by the other favorable reviews.  It is completely lacking in information.  It has 51 6"x8" pages with huge font and too many cartoons.  It successfully defines what is good and bad posture, but does not provide excercises to improve it (it simply states to "practice" good posture).  There are much much better alternatives.  I have read "Posture Alignment" and recommend that, and have heard of great reviews for "Posture, Get It Straight!"
 This book is the typical package of business ideas.  The book gets 2 stars because the few pages devoted to entrepreneurship has very little substance and the information under each idea is sparse and in many cases not helpful.  In addition, there are numerous ideas that require a tremendous amount of work.  The author does state that what may be work for one person, may be play to another.  However, this relates to doing something you enjoy or having a passion where you don't mind putting in the time or work.  The title suggests that the business ideas listed in the book will not require a great deal of time or effort, which is not the case for many of the ideas(Masonry, Restauranteur for example).This book is the typical package of business ideas.  The book gets 2 stars because the few pages devoted to entrepreneurship has very little substance and the information under each idea is sparse and in many cases not helpful.  In addition, there are numerous ideas that require a tremendous amount of work.  The author does state that what may be work for one person, may be play to another.  However, this relates to doing something you enjoy or having a passion where you don't mind putting in the time or work.  The title suggests that the business ideas listed in the book will not require a great deal of time or effort, which is not the case for many of the ideas(Masonry, Restauranteur for example).This book has some value for those that have not read similar books of this type.  Otherwise, I would take a pass on this one
 And you shouldn't inhale.Several reviewers have ecstatically proclaimed this book and movie to be an eye-opening, truth-revealing work, but those who are credulous enough to think they learn history through agenda-focused books and films like "Hunting" need to go back and see other "documentaries" like "Triumph Of The Will", "The Eternal Jew" or "Reefer Madness".Let's be honest, people. This book was written by a strongly pro-Clinton columnist and the movie was produced by well-known FOB (Friend Of Bill) Harry Thompson.  It's about as objective as the factually challenged "Fahrenheit 9/11", a work that Moore himself now calls "satire".  (By the way, I'll bet you didn't know that many Middle Easterners who have seen Moore's movie are outraged at the shallow, stereotypical and racist image he presented of their people and culture.)  The point is, whether intentional or just laziness these dime-a-dozen political books typically contain significant misrepresentations.  If you're already a member of the author's congregation, you won't care.  You'll shout "hallelujah!" and say that "Hunting" has given the world Great Truths.  But clear thinkers understand that it's foolish to uncritically accept the representations in either this book or the followup movie.
