 Sphere by Michael Crichton is an excellant novel. This was certainly the hardest to put down of all of the Crichton novels that I have read. Sphere by Michael Crichton is an excellant novel. This was certainly the hardest to put down of all of the Crichton novels that I have read. The story revolves around a man named Norman Johnson. Johnson is a phycologist. He travels with 4 other civilans to a remote location in the Pacific Ocean to help the Navy in a top secret misssion. They quickly learn that under the ocean is a half mile long spaceship. The civilans travel to a center 1000 feet under the ocean to live while researching the spacecraft. They are joined by 5 Navy personel to help them run operations. However on the surface a typhoon comes and the support ships on the surface must leave. The team of ten is stuck 1000 feet under the surface of the ocean. After a day under the sea they find out that the spacecraft is actually an American ship that has explored black holes and has brought back some strange things back to earth.The story revolves around a man named Norman Johnson. Johnson is a phycologist. He travels with 4 other civilans to a remote location in the Pacific Ocean to help the Navy in a top secret misssion. They quickly learn that under the ocean is a half mile long spaceship. The civilans travel to a center 1000 feet under the ocean to live while researching the spacecraft. They are joined by 5 Navy personel to help them run operations. However on the surface a typhoon comes and the support ships on the surface must leave. The team of ten is stuck 1000 feet under the surface of the ocean. After a day under the sea they find out that the spacecraft is actually an American ship that has explored black holes and has brought back some strange things back to earth.This novel does not have the research that some of the other Crichton novels have, but it still has a lot of information on random things from the lawes of partial pressure to behavior analysis.This novel does not have the research that some of the other Crichton novels have, but it still has a lot of information on random things from the lawes of partial pressure to behavior analysis.I would strongly recommend this book
 Dr. Oz is an accomplished heart surgeon in the field of cardiac transplantation. He describes how he combines complementary medicine (e.g. hypnosis, reflexology, yoga, message, acupuncture. Etc) with orthodox Western medicine. There is an excellent forward by Dr Dean Ornish, and an interesting epilogue containing an overview of the complementary medicine techniques. The bulk of the book contains stories of patients Dr. Oz treated using this revolutionary way. I am a cardiologist, and I have a great interest in combining western medicine with complementary medicine, which is the reason I bought this book. However this book was a bit boring to read and was also a bit of a disappointment. Nevertheless, those interested in this new medicine, which I think will be the medicine of the new millennium, will want to read this book
 The most gorgeous artwork in comic books. Contains the most extraordinary artwork of Alex Ross(Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman,  the Justice League, etc, even Hanna-Barbera!) A comics fan, I recieved this as a Christmas gift, and I read it again and again.A must-have for comic book fans.
 This book is for lovers of Robicheaux.  His demons seem put to rest, redemption seems almost within his grasp - and yet the worst mayhem ever occurs within these pages.  The poetry and sense of regret for lost innocence pervade Burke's prose as always, but his anger at humanity's shortcomings is bubbling volcanically just beneath the surface.  Hurricane Katrina features as a force both of destruction and cleansing.  A bit like Robicheaux himsel
 This is going to be a short and sweet review because many others have commented on this book at length. I want to contribute my two cents as a concise opinion based on its value as a powerful, engaging and thought provoking story.This is going to be a short and sweet review because many others have commented on this book at length. I want to contribute my two cents as a concise opinion based on its value as a powerful, engaging and thought provoking story.This book packs the punch of great fiction. It covers a broad territory from the ice age to the present with the drama of an epic. You certainly don't need to be a history major, biologist or anthropologist to be moved by the story of civilization as told by the author.This book packs the punch of great fiction. It covers a broad territory from the ice age to the present with the drama of an epic. You certainly don't need to be a history major, biologist or anthropologist to be moved by the story of civilization as told by the author.Jared Diamond places a very strong emphasis on the role of geography, environment and other factors that relate back to nature in the rise of civilizations. I think the major shortcoming of his work is that he doesn't give enough credit to social factors and their role is history.Jared Diamond places a very strong emphasis on the role of geography, environment and other factors that relate back to nature in the rise of civilizations. I think the major shortcoming of his work is that he doesn't give enough credit to social factors and their role is history.If you don't know a lot about history or how physical factors in the environment contributed to the rise of agriculture, the need for armies, etc. You will find this fascinating reading. If you have a deep knowledge of these areas, anthropology and sociology, you may find the overly reductionistic stance annoying. However, most likely you will enjoy the well-written story if you can keep in mind that it doesn't provide the full picture.If you don't know a lot about history or how physical factors in the environment contributed to the rise of agriculture, the need for armies, etc. You will find this fascinating reading. If you have a deep knowledge of these areas, anthropology and sociology, you may find the overly reductionistic stance annoying. However, most likely you will enjoy the well-written story if you can keep in mind that it doesn't provide the full picture.In short, this book magnificently illuminates Jared Diamond's specific areas of interest, while downplaying or neglecting others. It provides a valuable piece of the truth and it does so in a very engaging and thoughtful manner.
 Since I am a World's Fair "fanatic" I have read almost everything that I can on the subject. In general, this is an interesting and well researched book. The author has apparently attended most of the expositions that he writes about. However, I must point up three rather glaring errors in the book. In describing the Louisiana World Expo of 1984 he states that the unbuilt symbol tower was supposed to be "80 feet tall,just 150 feet shorter than the Eiffel Tower." Since the Eiffel Tower is actually over 900 feet tall,the New Orleans fair tower would have had to have been at least 800 feet tall.This may have been a typo which the author did not catch in time.The other error states that the US Pavilion at the Brussels World's Fair of 1958 was a "large,squat,round concrete block structure." It was indeed large and round, but not squat and not made of concrete blocks.According to the excellent book about Edward Durrell Stone, the architect of the pavilion,the outer walls consisted of large aluminum panels which were latticed in intricate designs so that the interior would be flooded with natural light. I have seen photos of the US Pavilion, and it seems a beautiful and airy structure to me. (In comparison to the Soviet Pavilion, which resembled a large refrigerator!) Thirdly, the Spokane Expo of 1974 was not the first time that the U.S.S.R. exhibited at a U.S. expo. They had a large pavilion at the New York World's Fair of 1939. All in all, however, I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in the history of World's Fairs
 This the one book that taught me more about how to use my SLR than the camera's manual itself. The step by step approach and the logical arrangement of chapters makes it a book that really teaches you photography. I also liked the way Mr. Frost uses two photographs to illustrate a filter. One take without the filter and then the same one with a filter.  Also explained very well is how longer lenses reduce depth of the photograph and small helful tips on increasing your depth of field.  An encompassing book, the last few chapters tell about how a slide show can be made more interesting and how to take care of your equipment.  The peppering of photos and illustrations make you want to go out and take pictures using the methods shown. A good buy and money well spent. My only gripe is that I preffered the smaller size of the previous edition as it fit easily in my kit bag
 Tom Friedman is a engaging writer.  He also writes from a very personal perspective, both as to how the world has changed for him and his family, and for his friends around the world.  You get the feeling that Mr. Friedman is describing the world changing as he is watching.  What a treat and a very easy read.  Pick it up and learn about what is really going on outside the US shores
 John Crowley's well-deserved recognition as one of the best literary stylists writing in the English language is readily apparent in these four fantasy novellas that date from the late 1980's. His &quot;Great Work of Time&quot; is an intriguing Rashomon-esque time travel fantasy about Cecil Rhodes and British economic imperialism in East Africa at the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th centuries. It was almost as compelling a read as the &quot;The Nightingale Sings At Night&quot;, which offers a fantastical twist on the Adam and Eve creation myth saga. The other two tales, &quot;In Blue&quot; and &quot;Novelty&quot;, I found much less compelling, but they are redeemed by the same lyrical prose Crowley uses in other tales. It was a wonderful surprise to find this book at a library; a surprise which I think many readers will also discover
 This story captivated me right from the outset, as Vivian copes with age-related loss of memory. Her scenes are tenderly drawn in sensitively described and insightful detail, and she is a very realistically portrayed. This story captivated me right from the outset, as Vivian copes with age-related loss of memory. Her scenes are tenderly drawn in sensitively described and insightful detail, and she is a very realistically portrayed. As Susannah packs up her childhood home and prepares to move Vivian into an assisted living apartment, she uncovers clues to her past concerning the mysteries of her brother's death and whereabouts of her long-lost high-school sweetheart. With just the right blend of drama, action, suspense and resolution of family issues, this enjoyable story is very uplifting and thought-provoking, providing reflections for my own midlife crisises. It is easily read within a couple of hours, and there is a subtle tie-in to the Blossom Street books, leaving the possibility that these likable characters may reappear in subsequent books in that series. As Susannah packs up her childhood home and prepares to move Vivian into an assisted living apartment, she uncovers clues to her past concerning the mysteries of her brother's death and whereabouts of her long-lost high-school sweetheart. With just the right blend of drama, action, suspense and resolution of family issues, this enjoyable story is very uplifting and thought-provoking, providing reflections for my own midlife crisises. It is easily read within a couple of hours, and there is a subtle tie-in to the Blossom Street books, leaving the possibility that these likable characters may reappear in subsequent books in that series. 
 I found this novel at a bookstore on the boardwalk I visit at least once every summer.  I love going there and looking to see if I can find a book that I have never heard of, by an author I've never heard of, and buy it on a whim.  This is the novel I bought last year.  I has, unfortunately, sat on my shelf since then until tonight, because of many reasons.  Tonight, however, I picked it up and read it cover to cover.  The narrative was brilliantly told, the dialogue completely believable and the plot totally heartwrenching.  If I had made it to the end without some tears, I would believe myself made of stone!  I found this novel at a bookstore on the boardwalk I visit at least once every summer.  I love going there and looking to see if I can find a book that I have never heard of, by an author I've never heard of, and buy it on a whim.  This is the novel I bought last year.  I has, unfortunately, sat on my shelf since then until tonight, because of many reasons.  Tonight, however, I picked it up and read it cover to cover.  The narrative was brilliantly told, the dialogue completely believable and the plot totally heartwrenching.  If I had made it to the end without some tears, I would believe myself made of stone!  Skip is a character many can relate to: a man unsatisfied with how his life has turned out, down about how his friends have really not been friends at all, that gets the chance to do something great by this little child.  However, it is the change she makes in those around her which are truly the BLESSINGS of the title.  Faith, a name not used lightly, restores her namesake in all those touched by her.  She ultimately gives him the chance  of making something of his life without even knowing it.  Many BLESSINGS occur in this wonderful novel, and I found myself all at once sour about how humankind can be at times, but also proud at how humankind can be at others (which is a fact, in itself, that proves how well Quindlen has spun her tale).  The fact is that just because a person has been to jail, has deadbeat friends, does not mean he is of that same stock; just because an elderly woman has become so dragged down by her own life does not mean she has no feeling left in her.  Skip, Lydia, Nadine, Meredith, Jennifer...all have many dimentions to their characters that Quindlen has spectacularly drawn
 I checked out this cookbook from the library and as soon as I cracked it open I knew I needed a copy of my own.  It is full of simple, tasty, and easy to prepare recipes.  I really like how most of the recipes don't require many special ingredients and how simple the directions are.  I was a little apprehensive having made the decision to become a vegetarian but this cookbook gave me confidence I'd still be able to enjoy a flavorful variety of cuisine
 I sit here with my two newly acquired volumes of the Oxford Encyclopedia of Food and Drink in America in absolute awe!  With almost 200 contributors, almost 800 entries and nearly 400 illustrations, editor Andy Smith and Oxford University Press have done a magnificent job of putting together what is clearly the most comprehensive work on this immensely broad subject ever undertaken.  Whether you are a food professional or interested amateur, a historian, sociologist or anthropologist, a student or scholar, these volumes will no doubt become your most important resource for information related in any way to the history of food and drink in America.  The scope is astounding, spanning some five centuries and ranging from events and trends to products, from ethnic, religions and cultural influences to political and social movements in American history, and also includes dozens of biographical entries of important contributors and influences on the development of culinary life and gastronomy in America.  Despite the enormity of this work, it is refreshingly approachable, set forth alphabetically, written in clear language, translated when needed, and annotated and supplemented with bibliographical information for those wishing to explore further.  As a food professional-recipe developer, food writer and culinary educator-there is no doubt in my mind that these pages will soon be worn and this seminal work will remain among my most valued and cherished resources for as long as my interest in food and gastronomy is alive.I sit here with my two newly acquired volumes of the Oxford Encyclopedia of Food and Drink in America in absolute awe!  With almost 200 contributors, almost 800 entries and nearly 400 illustrations, editor Andy Smith and Oxford University Press have done a magnificent job of putting together what is clearly the most comprehensive work on this immensely broad subject ever undertaken.  Whether you are a food professional or interested amateur, a historian, sociologist or anthropologist, a student or scholar, these volumes will no doubt become your most important resource for information related in any way to the history of food and drink in America.  The scope is astounding, spanning some five centuries and ranging from events and trends to products, from ethnic, religions and cultural influences to political and social movements in American history, and also includes dozens of biographical entries of important contributors and influences on the development of culinary life and gastronomy in America.  Despite the enormity of this work, it is refreshingly approachable, set forth alphabetically, written in clear language, translated when needed, and annotated and supplemented with bibliographical information for those wishing to explore further.  As a food professional-recipe developer, food writer and culinary educator-there is no doubt in my mind that these pages will soon be worn and this seminal work will remain among my most valued and cherished resources for as long as my interest in food and gastronomy is alive.
 I borrowed this book on CD from the library and half way through, ordered the book so I would have it to refer to. Excellent book, highly recommended. Helps to put a realistic perspective on millionaires
 I saw the 1963 classic first, which happens to be one of my most favourite ghost movies of all time! (what a major disappointment the remake was). So as soon as I could a got a copy of this. It was an awesome novellete. I read it in one sitting, couldn't put it down! I do have to say I enjoyed the movie better...but this is a great journey as well.
 While expertly crafted, this is not a pretty novel, nor is it gentle.  The subject matter -- abduction of a child -- is somber, as are a few gruesome descriptions of death and dying.  The plot twists and turns, as befits a LeHane novel, and one way or another this complicated story finds its way to a denouement which the reader may not find satisfying. But you can usually trust Lehane to take good care of you in this, one of his finer books.  And not only are there plot twists to wrestle with, there are more than a few serious moral issues that will have you squirming or at least scratching your head.  All in all, this was a solid, enjoyable thriller.  The reader will feel his time was not wasted
 Awesome. This book is worth its weight in gold for the insights and understanding it shares. With a professional background in finance, economics and a profound study of the Word of God, the author is well qualified to expose mammon for what it is, and to challenge the reader to a deeper surrender to the only real treasure worth having. Buy two and give a copy away. Can we have a new edition please
 This book does something I've never seen before. It shows a cool young homo boy who's punk rock and a skater, not some wishwashy queen-boy. Sam, the lead character, is really cool. I'd like to be his friend, and his boyfriend, but that's another matter. Also, the dude he likes, Clay, is really hot. He's a surfer, but he's not a stereotypical surfer, he's much cooler, and also a little punk rock. I love this novel. The ending is really sad, but I loved it
 Fear nothing is about Christopher Snow, whose parents die in supposedly innocent ways, but Chris soon finds out that what is seems is not really what it is, and even that his little town of Moonlight Bay is stranger, and scarier, than he thought. Chris then sets out with his friends, and his dog, to find out the truth about what's really going onFear Nothing is a good plot written in typical Koontz style. Fear nothing grabs you from the beginning and holds you all the way through. It keeps you guessing and just when you think you have it figured out, it throws something new at you and makes you guess some more. Koontz creates some very likable characters and by the end of the story, you like them, and feel as if you know them.Fear Nothing is very descriptive, Koontz describes his locations so well you feel like you're in them, and experiencing the plot right next to the main character. I have not read the sequel, but I am anxious to do so
 I'm not even a vegetarian , let alone a vegan, and this book offers such flavorful and simple recipes.  Some more time consuming than others but definitely worth the wait!  Unless you hate veggies, this book is a must have!  I just made the Herb Scalloped potatoes as a side dish and the author was right, it's hard to believe there's no cheese or cream! the pizza with caramelized onions, kalmata olives and tomatoes is fantastic too!. . . . .lots of yummyness
 Very good, easy, light & funny read!  Although his best, by far, in my opinion was "Running with Scissors".  This was an enjoyable read & would recommend reading his work if you like David Sedaris, both have a similiar style
 Reading this book is like having a holy vision: I feel as if I should tell the world about it, but at the same time it seems so sacred and personal that maybe I should just keep it to myself and try to figure out why it came to me, into my life, into my head.The book is the story of Billy Parham, a son in a late-1930s New Mexican ranching family.  Billy traps a wolf that has been killing his father's cattle but realizes he can't kill it and has to return it to its home in the mountains of old Mexico.  Billy crosses the border into Mexico, and as he does he crosses from real life into a world of dreams, where everyone moves as if the air was liquid, where every ruin has an irretrievable story, where soot and heat and danger hang in the air, and where nothing ever goes as planned.The story is not as streamlined or as focused as its thematic predecessor, "All the Pretty Horses," but that's not necessarily a shortcoming.   The book sprawls out like a wide hot desert--curling north and south, east and west, across the present and into the past.  The writing is as good as any writing I've ever read ever, and certain metaphors and feelings will stay with you for years.  For example: the coals of a campfire seeming like an exposed piece of the core of the earth.This is a book that needs to be read.  Pick it up, and let it seep into your skin, let it open you to other worlds and peoples and ideas, and let it change you.  Let it open your eyes to the world, and to the West, and the goodness and the hope and the sadness that haunts the lives of all of us.  This is a book made of all those ineffable things that most of us just can't put into words.  But here, somehow, Cormac McCarthy has managed to do just that.  Here is the intangible, but tangible.  Here is the unnameable, but named.  Here are the thoughts you could never express, expressed.
 Beautiful vineyards, fueding families, mystery, and an unlikely love story with a twist. Great read. Prepare to read this one through because it was hard to put down!!!
 The book arrived as expected and was in great shape.  Thanks
 Paul Sheldon,a very good writer famous for his books in the "Misery" series.A popular character in his book is someone named Misery.In his final book he kills the character off,therby ending the series.Paul's number one fan is Annie Wilkes,a retired nurse.(I would like to say,retarded).Paul Sheldon,a very good writer famous for his books in the "Misery" series.A popular character in his book is someone named Misery.In his final book he kills the character off,therby ending the series.Paul's number one fan is Annie Wilkes,a retired nurse.(I would like to say,retarded). One day Paul gets into an accident and gets both of his legs severely damaged.Coincidently,Guess who finds him? Annie.Yes,she finds him and starts to nurse him back to good health.But when she soon finds out that Paul has killed the character "Misery",Annie is pissed...She makes it her business to get Paul to write another novel in which "Misery" is not killed.It sounds simple,I know.But when Paul refuses to write the novel,Annie uses force,and she tortures him so much that he just gives in and begins to write a new novel.  Meanwhile thinking of a way to escape,Paul writes the novel and suffers at the same time.He lost one of his foot,because she burnt it off!Yes,this Annie Wilkes is a lunatic.While Paul is under Annie's capture,he learns alot about things he took for granted.The ending of this book is a happy one,you won't be disappointed.I recommend this book as any other SK novel.It is a great Suspense,drama novel...enjoy...Nigel  Meanwhile thinking of a way to escape,Paul writes the novel and suffers at the same time.He lost one of his foot,because she burnt it off!Yes,this Annie Wilkes is a lunatic.While Paul is under Annie's capture,he learns alot about things he took for granted.The ending of this book is a happy one,you won't be disappointed.I recommend this book as any other SK novel.It is a great Suspense,drama novel...enjoy...NigelHere is another version of the plot.(taken from wikipedia)...Here is another version of the plot.(taken from wikipedia)..."The story begins with Paul Sheldon slowly waking out of a coma. Gradually, his memory returns to him: he is a wildly popular romance novelist of the Misery series of novels (the main character of which is named Misery Chastain) who has crashed his car in a winter storm outside of Silver Creek in Grand County, Colorado, and has been badly injured. His rescuer, Annie Wilkes, is a former registered nurse and has taken him to her secluded country home to personally care for him."The story begins with Paul Sheldon slowly waking out of a coma. Gradually, his memory returns to him: he is a wildly popular romance novelist of the Misery series of novels (the main character of which is named Misery Chastain) who has crashed his car in a winter storm outside of Silver Creek in Grand County, Colorado, and has been badly injured. His rescuer, Annie Wilkes, is a former registered nurse and has taken him to her secluded country home to personally care for him.As luck would have it, Annie is Paul's "number one fan" and eagerly awaited all his publications. Almost immediately however, Paul realizes that there is a flip side to this coin: Annie is mentally ill, she has not told anyone where he is, and she has a violent past that includes a successful career as a serial killer.As luck would have it, Annie is Paul's "number one fan" and eagerly awaited all his publications. Almost immediately however, Paul realizes that there is a flip side to this coin: Annie is mentally ill, she has not told anyone where he is, and she has a violent past that includes a successful career as a serial killer.Annie begins to physically and psychologically abuse Paul when she finishes reading his latest published work, in which the heroine Misery dies. Annie later forces him to burn an unpublished manuscript of his new novel, "Fast Cars" he was carrying at the time of his accident, disgusted at its radical departure from the Misery series. Eventually, Annie forces Paul to write a new Misery novel "just for her" and bring the character back from the dead. Paul works on the book as Annie's violent mood swings and her psychosis deepens. Her insanity escalates as Paul tries to escape; she eventually chops off one of Paul's feet, one of his thumbs, and murders a police officer investigating his disappearance. As the authorities begin to close in on Annie, Paul's plight--both in his writing and his attempt to save his life--becomes more desperate.Annie begins to physically and psychologically abuse Paul when she finishes reading his latest published work, in which the heroine Misery dies. Annie later forces him to burn an unpublished manuscript of his new novel, "Fast Cars" he was carrying at the time of his accident, disgusted at its radical departure from the Misery series. Eventually, Annie forces Paul to write a new Misery novel "just for her" and bring the character back from the dead. Paul works on the book as Annie's violent mood swings and her psychosis deepens. Her insanity escalates as Paul tries to escape; she eventually chops off one of Paul's feet, one of his thumbs, and murders a police officer investigating his disappearance. As the authorities begin to close in on Annie, Paul's plight--both in his writing and his attempt to save his life--becomes more desperate.Paul eventually defeats Annie by smashing her over the head with the second hand typewriter she had given him to write "her" novel. After he escapes, he publishes the new Misery novel to great critical acclaim."...enjoy...NigelPaul eventually defeats Annie by smashing her over the head with the second hand typewriter she had given him to write "her" novel. After he escapes, he publishes the new Misery novel to great critical acclaim."...enjoy...Nigel
 As I read, I kept trying to figure out whether this tale is a collection of reflections on how two religions can destroy a region and its people, whether the characters have broader agendas than their stories or whether it's just a good tale peppered with strong political images.  As I read, I kept trying to figure out whether this tale is a collection of reflections on how two religions can destroy a region and its people, whether the characters have broader agendas than their stories or whether it's just a good tale peppered with strong political images.  And, a good story it is.  How can you beat this writing?And, a good story it is.  How can you beat this writing?"The pandits of Kashmir were left to rot in their slum camps, to rot while the army and the insurgency fought over the bloodied and broken valley, to dream of return, to die while dreaming of return, to die after the dream of reture died so that they could not even die dreaming of it, why was that why as that why was that why was that why was that" (p. 297)"The pandits of Kashmir were left to rot in their slum camps, to rot while the army and the insurgency fought over the bloodied and broken valley, to dream of return, to die while dreaming of return, to die after the dream of reture died so that they could not even die dreaming of it, why was that why as that why was that why was that why was that" (p. 297)"The beauty approached him, beckoning.  Her arm slipped around his shoulder, supple as a snake, and like a snake her leg coiled around his.  Then like a third snake her other arm and like a fourth snake her other leg until she was slithering all over him....  She had as many arms and legs as a goddess, and multilimbed and irrestible she coiled and tightened around him and, finally, with all the power she possessed, she bit.  The accidental death by king cobra snakebit of [the] General was announced ... the next morning and he was buried with full honors.... (p. 316)" p. 31
 The Andromeda Strain tells the story of a bacteria growth in Piedmont, Arizona. This bacteria kills people in a matter of seconds and killed everyone in the town except for a 69 year old man and a baby. A top secret commission is formed to see how these bacteria kill people and to see how they can be stopped. The Andromeda Strain tells the story of a bacteria growth in Piedmont, Arizona. This bacteria kills people in a matter of seconds and killed everyone in the town except for a 69 year old man and a baby. A top secret commission is formed to see how these bacteria kill people and to see how they can be stopped. This book has the makings of a real thriller. I couldn't put the book down through the first 250 pages. However, this book had a dissipointing ending.This book has the makings of a real thriller. I couldn't put the book down through the first 250 pages. However, this book had a dissipointing ending.This book involves a lot of "cool" technology. This book could have taken place today (instead of 1969) because I could visualize a lot of the book. I found myself thinking "Awesome technology" more then I was thinking that Crichton is sure a great author. He seemed to involve a little too much foreshadowing. This book involves a lot of "cool" technology. This book could have taken place today (instead of 1969) because I could visualize a lot of the book. I found myself thinking "Awesome technology" more then I was thinking that Crichton is sure a great author. He seemed to involve a little too much foreshadowing. This book does involve a lot of research and "up-to-date theories" for 1969, but is a little dated today. This does not take anything out of the story.This book does involve a lot of research and "up-to-date theories" for 1969, but is a little dated today. This does not take anything out of the story.I would recommend this book because it is really interesting. Lots of research went into this book. The book is fast paced and has many modern aspects of a Crichton novel
 Still a great read, but not as good as Tender at the Bone and Comfort Me with Apples.  Foodies will love the continued insight into restaurant review protocol, but the author really shines when she remembers early food experiences with her mom, dad and other relatives and friends.  The highs are not as high, nor the lows as low in Garlic and Sapphires.  Reichl has a long way to go to lose me as a reader; that said, I hope she has a few more early memories to incorporate in her next book
 very good writing done by both authors. i've always loved C.C.  now with Du Brul, the story gets even more suspenseful.  a really awsome page turner.  get this one
 this is most definitely my favorite book on earth! i'm so serious, this is such a cool book. it really appeals to anyone. kids could read it because there are short sentances and pictures (some tough words though...start with epiplectic??) but teens and adults (i'm sure) can also appreciate the morbid and brilliant humor of edward gorey. for anyone that thinks that $10 is too much to spend on a little book, ((you may be right in some circumstances)) but this is such a fantastic book i know i am gushing but i love it soooooooo much!!!
 Even though you know before you start reading that this book will have a happy ending, it is a fun read.  A well written and pleasant book.  One of the best of this falls crop.  I am already waiting for the next book in the series
 I found this book to contain some really sound advice and I would suggest it for anyone that was contemplating risking their money on the ponies
 This was the first novel I read from Endo, and I have to confess to being hooked on it from the first. It is both interesting from a historical perspective, taking in an event that was singularly fascinating, and deeply profound from a psychological perspective. It is also a partial critique of ambition and desire in the clergy of the day.This was the first novel I read from Endo, and I have to confess to being hooked on it from the first. It is both interesting from a historical perspective, taking in an event that was singularly fascinating, and deeply profound from a psychological perspective. It is also a partial critique of ambition and desire in the clergy of the day.Hasekura is a deep character, and the reader spends a bit of time with Hasekura's thoughts. This is especially so as Hasekura confronts the emaciated, dying Christ that he sees on his travels toward Rome. The possibility of faith in this "pathetic man", and the conflict that produces with his duty to Lord and ancestors, forms a a deeply emotional narrative coupled with Hasekura's desires, dreams and simple wishes. The psychological aspect of the book is very well presented and notable in its impact.Hasekura is a deep character, and the reader spends a bit of time with Hasekura's thoughts. This is especially so as Hasekura confronts the emaciated, dying Christ that he sees on his travels toward Rome. The possibility of faith in this "pathetic man", and the conflict that produces with his duty to Lord and ancestors, forms a a deeply emotional narrative coupled with Hasekura's desires, dreams and simple wishes. The psychological aspect of the book is very well presented and notable in its impact.A notable part of the book is tied up with Father Velasco, whose ambition seems to know no limits. His own struggles with ambition, and the self-justifications that he employs, are a lesson worthy of remembering. A notable part of the book is tied up with Father Velasco, whose ambition seems to know no limits. His own struggles with ambition, and the self-justifications that he employs, are a lesson worthy of remembering. This novel is a great one, and I was hooked to the very last page. It will take you into the world of Hasekura, Velasco and their companions, as they themselves see it. It will take you into their dreams, their hopes, their fatalism, their fears and their struggles to cope with their situation. I totally, unreservedly recommend this novel. I love this novel
 I was given this book by a friend as a going away gift.  The day I decided to read it, I was ill and lay on the couch reading it in one sitting.  I was a bit drowsy, but I could not but it down...It made me nervous, excited, sad, and happy...all the emotions that a good book or movie can offer.  Get this if you are a serious reader looking for a fictional escape
 Dry is anything but what the title of this work implies.The pages drip with boozy escapades and one can almost smell and taste the liquor on Augusten Burroughs breath.A must for drinkers who would like to stop or at least reassess what the heck is going on in their lives.Almost motivational in its honest appraisal of the difficulties inherent in this addiction. The writing style is clear and refreshingly down to earth,funny, yet foreboding and diary-like in its presentation.Burroughs clearly transmits via humor and self awareness the many dimensions of this destructive addiction and the problems that can come with it, especially the limited usefulness of rehab.The story itself is pretty hip with a good look inside the mind of what we could easily call, "a hard core drinker" as he anticipates the "next one".Passages describe a variety of interpersonal dilemmas,job and sexual conundrums.Dry is also a good insightful look at how the treatees view the treaters and how quickly they can size up weaknesses and exploit them.This is a page turner but it does drag a bit in the middle, yet has a strong finish.An earlier work 'Running With Scissors' was apparently good enough for Hollywood, so take a shot with DRY.After all, when your liquor bottles occupy more living space in your place than you do, it might be time to slow down,stop and get a copy of Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions, and a copy of Dry.  CHEERS!!
 OMG!!! I could not put this book down... I am in my upper twenties and I am going thru a bunch of these symptoms already. Yes the book is bios about natural progesterone, so what... I have not personally used progesterone cream yet, because I am waiting for my saliva test results to make sure that's what I need. But even if I don't, everything else provided in the book is amazing information. Your diet, your vitamins, your stress level, your physical activity, everything is co-related to most woman's hormonal imbalances. They even talked about a case where a woman did not want to use the natural progesterone and how by changing all of the other stuff in her life, she achieved hormone balancing. If you are suffering from hormonal imbalances, I will strongly recommend this book. I also bought other ones that I will be reading after this one. But I started with "Be Lean by Romy Seleznov", which is a story from her life and how she struggled to balance her hormones and gives all the details of what she did, then I continued with this book, and the next one I will be reading is "Natural Hormone Balance for Women" by Uzzi Reiss, which does cite this book as well. OMG!!! I could not put this book down... I am in my upper twenties and I am going thru a bunch of these symptoms already. Yes the book is bios about natural progesterone, so what... I have not personally used progesterone cream yet, because I am waiting for my saliva test results to make sure that's what I need. But even if I don't, everything else provided in the book is amazing information. Your diet, your vitamins, your stress level, your physical activity, everything is co-related to most woman's hormonal imbalances. They even talked about a case where a woman did not want to use the natural progesterone and how by changing all of the other stuff in her life, she achieved hormone balancing. If you are suffering from hormonal imbalances, I will strongly recommend this book. I also bought other ones that I will be reading after this one. But I started with "Be Lean by Romy Seleznov", which is a story from her life and how she struggled to balance her hormones and gives all the details of what she did, then I continued with this book, and the next one I will be reading is "Natural Hormone Balance for Women" by Uzzi Reiss, which does cite this book as well. If you think you have a hormonal imbalance, please do not rely on your doctor 100%, I am not saying that you should not believe them or rule out everything they say, but do your homework. I have been telling my doctors since I am in my TEENS that I feel I have an imbalance with my hormones and since all of the results come back fine they have been telling me that my symptoms were "normal"... WRONG!!! Now they found a tumor in my pituitary gland, which causes an imbalance... The tumor grows slowly, so I am sure that it has been there for years, but they never checked it before. Now that I am treating it, all of my "normal" symptoms are almost gone. I am still on the process of getting everything in balance. If you feel you have something wrong, even if the results of your blood work comes as normal, READ more and look for healthy ways of changing your diet, exercising more, balance your hormones, and look for second opinions and definitely have a good naturopath that you can go to. Also "Bikram Yoga", is an excellent exercise to helping you with hormonal balancing. At least that's part of what I changed.
 Whilst the book may seem a little dated when it talks of tweed in the country and a matching silk jacket for your cocktail dress, it does contain a lot of useful information about putting together a great career wardrobe on a budget, which colours match, which accessories never date, and how to dress for evening functions of any nature.I highly recommend it for anyone who thinks Jackie Kennedy was the epitome of chic, and who would like to know how to pull it off themselves
 The quirky illustrations done by the masterful Dave McKean at once contribute to the book's charm, but also lend to its dread. However, this is not a book for especially wee ones or children prone to nightmares. Some people may not appreciate Dave McKean's artwork as much as they should, because it is so different, at least to those not familiar with the Sandman graphic novel series written by Neil Gaiman in which Dave McKean did the cover art for all the books. At first glance the layout might seem confusing, even distracting, yet it somehow works here. Neil Gaiman has crafted an eerie tale that befits his style of writing. He introduces us to a charming young girl named Lucy, who suspects something is not right with her home. And though her pig-puppet seems to share her concern and understands her fear, the rest of her family do not...until it's too late. The action waxes and wanes until all seems resolved in the end, though perhaps it is not. You be the judge. This is a worthy book to read to third-graders and above, though some younger children may be able to stomach the tale without any concern. Neil Gaiman deserves praise for bringing his brand of storytelling to a younger audience, one so unfamiliar with his other work. I highly recommend this book
 If you are planning to become a landlord, buy this essential book before you purchase a rental property or hang that "For Rent" sign in front of your house.  A healthy dose of legal reality will counterbalance any easy money ideas you may have and help you decide whether the work and risk involved in being a landlord is how you would like to make money.  The legal concepts you learn may even influence which properties you buy and how you maintain them.If you are planning to become a landlord, buy this essential book before you purchase a rental property or hang that "For Rent" sign in front of your house.  A healthy dose of legal reality will counterbalance any easy money ideas you may have and help you decide whether the work and risk involved in being a landlord is how you would like to make money.  The legal concepts you learn may even influence which properties you buy and how you maintain them.If you are already a landlord, keep this book at your finger tips.  The information is well organized and easy to find for quick reference.  Legal concepts are presented in plain language and illustrated with scenarios showing how the concepts might play out in real life.If you are already a landlord, keep this book at your finger tips.  The information is well organized and easy to find for quick reference.  Legal concepts are presented in plain language and illustrated with scenarios showing how the concepts might play out in real life.The authors make dry legal topics as interesting as possible.  Add the urgency of knowing a legal misstep could land you on the wrong side of a lawsuit, and you will find yourself eagerly turning these pages
 This is the story of another tragic episode involving a Native American tribe.  That this probably happened under other circumstances, and happened to more than the Arapaho tribe, cannot be doubted.  This is another in a  series that has given us insight into tribal life and continues to  leave  us wanting more.  The characters are strong, believable, and you want the  best for all of them. The underlying plot--selling tribal babies and  telling their parents they died--is heartbreaking.  The reunion of one such  child with her father made me weep.  And Vicki's trial reconciliation with  Ben gave me hope.  This is a great work, written with deep feeling
 This book was extremely well written. It's a gorgeous story and not cliched at all. What totally gets me is that after searching the web for a time, I have not been able to find anyone that has written on the connection between her book and the eugenics movement taking place in the 20's. She most bluntly did not agree with eugenics at the end. For example, on page 233, "And if all the gifts of Life are good, perhaps, too, are all the shapes she chooses to take, and which we cannot alter." The book is filled with hints at the time period even though, after looking at countless reviews, the reviewers keep commenting on how her other books took from the time period and historical events and that Lud-in-the-Mist did not and it was a "fantastical" piece of literature. In my opinion, this book was TOTALLY based on the time period. There's even a line by the blacksmith about how since he's not "white" anymore he has come down in the world. If you're looking for a cultural artifact of the 20's, this is an astounding piece
 My husband bought this book for me and I have to say it is not a book I would normally pick up. I also have to say...I loved it! It was a very entertaining story with several plot twists along the way. I enjoyed the writing style and would highly recommend this book for taking on a relaxing trip this summer
 A team of highly respected scientists is recruited and sent on the most exciting mission of their careers - they are to explore and catalog an expansive system of tunnels and caves deep below the Earth's surface in Antarctica.  They set off on their adventure only to learn that a team, like themselves, was sent on this same mission only 3 months prior and has never been heard from again.  They also learn that what makes this set of caverns so exciting and sought after is that they contain diamonds larger and more plentiful than any mankind has ever seen.  Wealth of this sort has attracted both dedicated scientists and individuals with more menacing plans in mind.  But these dangers are nothing compared to the beasts that are native to this subterranean world who are numerous and life threatening to the mission and the team.A team of highly respected scientists is recruited and sent on the most exciting mission of their careers - they are to explore and catalog an expansive system of tunnels and caves deep below the Earth's surface in Antarctica.  They set off on their adventure only to learn that a team, like themselves, was sent on this same mission only 3 months prior and has never been heard from again.  They also learn that what makes this set of caverns so exciting and sought after is that they contain diamonds larger and more plentiful than any mankind has ever seen.  Wealth of this sort has attracted both dedicated scientists and individuals with more menacing plans in mind.  But these dangers are nothing compared to the beasts that are native to this subterranean world who are numerous and life threatening to the mission and the team.James Rollins' debut novel sets the stage for what has become his successful career writing scientific thrillers.  He does a wonderful job of incorporating biology, archeology, geology, and other various earth sciences into an exciting and page turning novel.  Some of his subsequent novels are stronger than this first work, but Subterranean does not disappoint and definitively sets the stage for his many books to come. 
 This rather strangely titled book is a tribute to the demand for Elizabeth Bishop's work. It is a set of pieces gleaned from some 3,500 pages in the Vassar College library collection. Not exactly random (but almost) here are 108 poems, some prose, notes she took, some sketches, some facimilies of her papers, some sketches she made, and other pieces harder to describe. This rather strangely titled book is a tribute to the demand for Elizabeth Bishop's work. It is a set of pieces gleaned from some 3,500 pages in the Vassar College library collection. Not exactly random (but almost) here are 108 poems, some prose, notes she took, some sketches, some facimilies of her papers, some sketches she made, and other pieces harder to describe. Obviously this is a book that will appeal most to people who are already Elizabeth Bishop fans. This is more of a work in process. It tells more about her as a person, it illustrates the great effort she went to get her poems just right before sending them off for publication. It shows something of the way her mind worked. Obviously this is a book that will appeal most to people who are already Elizabeth Bishop fans. This is more of a work in process. It tells more about her as a person, it illustrates the great effort she went to get her poems just right before sending them off for publication. It shows something of the way her mind worked. The work here is not Ms. Bishop's best. It's unfinished. Some of the shorter pieces, fragments really, make you wonder where she might have taken it.
 This book brought tears to my eyes the first time I read it.  It is warm and comforting.  A wonderful message for children that their mama will always be there no matter what..
 My fav essay was about &quot;the&quot; River.  Also, now when watching the evening news, the link between fire and flood makes alot of sense.  Thanks for the enlightenment
 I was a reasonably big fan of the "Wizard of Oz" when I was a kid. I'd seen the Judy Garland film, the "Return to Oz" film, my parents had taken me to a theatre production, and there used to be a cartoon series about Dorothy and her friends that I quite liked. Here in Australia, though, you don't see an awful lot of the Wizard of Oz books, and I missed out on all that as a kid. I managed to find a copy just recently of the the original story, and I really liked it. It's really a shame I couldn't find it earlier.I was a reasonably big fan of the "Wizard of Oz" when I was a kid. I'd seen the Judy Garland film, the "Return to Oz" film, my parents had taken me to a theatre production, and there used to be a cartoon series about Dorothy and her friends that I quite liked. Here in Australia, though, you don't see an awful lot of the Wizard of Oz books, and I missed out on all that as a kid. I managed to find a copy just recently of the the original story, and I really liked it. It's really a shame I couldn't find it earlier.Dorothy is a girl who lives with her aunt and her uncle in the countryside of Kansas. In the midst of a "cyclone", Dorothy, her dog Toto, and her whole house are swept away to the Land of Oz, a beautiful but strange world full of all sorts of interesting creatures, good and bad witches, and a very famous wizard. Dorothy tries to find her way home, and on the way makes many new friends, like the Scarecrow, "Tin Woodsman" and the cowardly lion. Will she ever make it home?Dorothy is a girl who lives with her aunt and her uncle in the countryside of Kansas. In the midst of a "cyclone", Dorothy, her dog Toto, and her whole house are swept away to the Land of Oz, a beautiful but strange world full of all sorts of interesting creatures, good and bad witches, and a very famous wizard. Dorothy tries to find her way home, and on the way makes many new friends, like the Scarecrow, "Tin Woodsman" and the cowardly lion. Will she ever make it home?It's rather different to the movie, I found. For one, the journey Dorothy and her friends go on takes many days, whereas the in the Judy Garland film it seems to all take place much shorter. The magic shoes Dorothy picks up in Oz are silver here, and not ruby red like in the film. There are also a lot of other creatures and things in the book, like the queen of the mice, the Hammerheads, and the Dainty China people. Though the world of Oz seems pretty big in the film, it feels a lot bigger to me in the book. Oz has a nice atmosphere too, I thought. It's very cosy and familiar, and kind of evokes a kind of America the way that say C.S. Lewis and J.R.R. Tolkien evokes a kind of Britain, if that makes any sense. North, south, east, west... in Oz's every direction there's a new land to explore. You never know who you might meet, or how they'll do things there. I quite like how laid back everyone is in Oz. The way the Munchkins and the people of the Emerald City speak, for instance.It's rather different to the movie, I found. For one, the journey Dorothy and her friends go on takes many days, whereas the in the Judy Garland film it seems to all take place much shorter. The magic shoes Dorothy picks up in Oz are silver here, and not ruby red like in the film. There are also a lot of other creatures and things in the book, like the queen of the mice, the Hammerheads, and the Dainty China people. Though the world of Oz seems pretty big in the film, it feels a lot bigger to me in the book. Oz has a nice atmosphere too, I thought. It's very cosy and familiar, and kind of evokes a kind of America the way that say C.S. Lewis and J.R.R. Tolkien evokes a kind of Britain, if that makes any sense. North, south, east, west... in Oz's every direction there's a new land to explore. You never know who you might meet, or how they'll do things there. I quite like how laid back everyone is in Oz. The way the Munchkins and the people of the Emerald City speak, for instance.I enjoyed finding out things about my favorite characters too, like how the Tinman became made of tin and how the flying monkeys became slave to the wicked witch of the west, which is all described here. That reminds me, there is a little bit of fairy tale violence here, but nothing worse than you might find in "Little Red Riding Hood".I enjoyed finding out things about my favorite characters too, like how the Tinman became made of tin and how the flying monkeys became slave to the wicked witch of the west, which is all described here. That reminds me, there is a little bit of fairy tale violence here, but nothing worse than you might find in "Little Red Riding Hood".All in all, a great read, I thought. Whimsical, colourful and fun. I do hope I can get my hands on some of the follow up books. Good thing there's amazon
 This book was wonderful.  The rich grandeur of the south is alive in this story of unimaginable dedication and love.  This book had me teared up more than a few times.  This book was wonderful.  The rich grandeur of the south is alive in this story of unimaginable dedication and love.  This book had me teared up more than a few times.  Kobe Bryant bought his wife a million dollar ring, Noah simply wrote a notebook and read from it.  Read this book and you will know why True Love cannot be bought, duplicated, or imitated with money.Kobe Bryant bought his wife a million dollar ring, Noah simply wrote a notebook and read from it.  Read this book and you will know why True Love cannot be bought, duplicated, or imitated with money.philli
 We know some things about Saul of Tarsus (later named the Apostle Paul) but a complete biography is always lacking because of sketchy and incomplete information. Most everything we know from Paul is from the Dr. Luke in the Book of Acts or Paul's epistles themselves.  II Peter Chapter 3 makes some very intriguing statements.  Peter, in some of his last earthly words before martyrdom, validates Paul's apostleship and states that some of his writings and teachings are difficult but that we should follow them. We know some things about Saul of Tarsus (later named the Apostle Paul) but a complete biography is always lacking because of sketchy and incomplete information. Most everything we know from Paul is from the Dr. Luke in the Book of Acts or Paul's epistles themselves.  II Peter Chapter 3 makes some very intriguing statements.  Peter, in some of his last earthly words before martyrdom, validates Paul's apostleship and states that some of his writings and teachings are difficult but that we should follow them. Pollock's book is presented as documentary-style reading since Paul's complete biography is not entirely clear.  There is much the author states is inference or speculation. If you can respect that and not build doctrine and facts on where the evidence is fuzzy, I think this is an excellent book.Pollock's book is presented as documentary-style reading since Paul's complete biography is not entirely clear.  There is much the author states is inference or speculation. If you can respect that and not build doctrine and facts on where the evidence is fuzzy, I think this is an excellent book.One example of "fuzzy" facts that Pollock considers is the age-old controversy over the authorship of the Book of Hebrews.  The author of Hebrews does not identify himself and scholars argue who wrote it.  Pollock speculates that Paul, while imprisioned in Acts Ch. 24 for two years may have had time and motivation to write the book to the people he so desparately wanted to reach.  With his imprisonment and his controversial style among the Jews, he may have left his identity anonymous so he himself would not be a stumbling block to reach his Jewish brothers.  Eternity will reveal who wrote the Book of Hebrews but it is certainly a plausible theory.One example of "fuzzy" facts that Pollock considers is the age-old controversy over the authorship of the Book of Hebrews.  The author of Hebrews does not identify himself and scholars argue who wrote it.  Pollock speculates that Paul, while imprisioned in Acts Ch. 24 for two years may have had time and motivation to write the book to the people he so desparately wanted to reach.  With his imprisonment and his controversial style among the Jews, he may have left his identity anonymous so he himself would not be a stumbling block to reach his Jewish brothers.  Eternity will reveal who wrote the Book of Hebrews but it is certainly a plausible theory.Overall, the greatest benefit in reading this book is to provide a better framework for understanding Paul as he travels among the early churches and wrote letters to them correcting the various false teachings and problems that developed.
 I've been reading a chapter a day for over a yr. It's a great motivator for the day ahead. I've found this translation to be the best I've read. Other translations have been boring or too dense. This one was very powerful
 This is the first novel by Philip Roth that I actually like.  Portnoy's Complaint was a good hundred-page novella, spread out over a three-hundred page book; the other pages were filled with the dross of his political opinions, and his kvetching about his parents.  Operation Shylock was also too pre-occupied with pushing a political agenda (but just what agenda, we are never sure).  This is Roth's primary fault as an author - he is too didactic.  I find that I really don't care much about what Roth's political opinions are.  Ironically, this is probably one of the attributes that make him a critical darling - it shows that he thinks "deep thoughts."This is the first novel by Philip Roth that I actually like.  Portnoy's Complaint was a good hundred-page novella, spread out over a three-hundred page book; the other pages were filled with the dross of his political opinions, and his kvetching about his parents.  Operation Shylock was also too pre-occupied with pushing a political agenda (but just what agenda, we are never sure).  This is Roth's primary fault as an author - he is too didactic.  I find that I really don't care much about what Roth's political opinions are.  Ironically, this is probably one of the attributes that make him a critical darling - it shows that he thinks "deep thoughts."The Professor of Desire is blessedly free of politics.  In it, Roth sticks with the subjects he knows best: sex and relationships.  Young David Kepesh is a sexually frustrated young student.  That changes while studying abroad in Swinging London, where he finds that what they say about Swedish girls is true.  Things take a turn for the worse after the end of his disastrous marriage finds him crushed by loneliness in New York.  With the help of a psychiatrist, Kepesh tries to discover if he will ever be able to commit to anyone or experience happiness.The Professor of Desire is blessedly free of politics.  In it, Roth sticks with the subjects he knows best: sex and relationships.  Young David Kepesh is a sexually frustrated young student.  That changes while studying abroad in Swinging London, where he finds that what they say about Swedish girls is true.  Things take a turn for the worse after the end of his disastrous marriage finds him crushed by loneliness in New York.  With the help of a psychiatrist, Kepesh tries to discover if he will ever be able to commit to anyone or experience happiness.The Professor of Desire finds Roth at a more mature place in his career.  Gone is the odious kvetching about his parents that polluted so much of Portnoy's Complaint; the parents in this book are treated with sympathy.  At one point, a character points out to Kepesh that there is no point in mining the workings of a Jewish family for his fiction anymore.  He is also less homophobic in this novel - but not much so.  There are still things about Roth's style that take getting used to; I don't think there's anything profound in his refusal to offset dialogue into separate paragraphs - it just makes it harder to keep track of who is speaking.  However, The Professor of Desire is a short, lyrical novel that is the best of anything I've read of his so far.
 I am nearly finished with this book - I haven't been this mesmerized by a book in forever! I would certainly recommend it
 If you want to buy the book, go ahead, just be careful of superbookdeals, they take your money but don't deliver and don't answer emails. Caveat Emptor
 Hugh Hewitt is right on target encouraging Republicans to remain loyal to President George W. Bush.  We are confronted with a long term fight against Islamic nihilists.  The Democrats who dominate that party nationally are essentially pacifists trapped in the mindset of the countercultural excesses of the 1960s.  Indeed, if the Democratic Party returns to power, the war on terror will be severely compromised---if not lost.  Even theological modernists like myself recognize that the Republican Party also best represents the values required to underpin a viable social order.  And yes, we need to purify our ranks and rid ourselves of back stabbers like Senator Lincoln Chafee.  But what about the Republican crybabies who threaten to severely damage the party if it fails to cater to their excessive demands?  These folks may be our greatest threat in the elections of 2006.  Many of them possess a suicidal Nietzschean streak.  In their heart of hearts, they idiotically believe we should let the Democrats win so that the Republican Party can be "purified."  The author has yet to sufficiently deal with this crisis.  Hopefully, he starts to do so real soon before it's too late.Hugh Hewitt is right on target encouraging Republicans to remain loyal to President George W. Bush.  We are confronted with a long term fight against Islamic nihilists.  The Democrats who dominate that party nationally are essentially pacifists trapped in the mindset of the countercultural excesses of the 1960s.  Indeed, if the Democratic Party returns to power, the war on terror will be severely compromised---if not lost.  Even theological modernists like myself recognize that the Republican Party also best represents the values required to underpin a viable social order.  And yes, we need to purify our ranks and rid ourselves of back stabbers like Senator Lincoln Chafee.  But what about the Republican crybabies who threaten to severely damage the party if it fails to cater to their excessive demands?  These folks may be our greatest threat in the elections of 2006.  Many of them possess a suicidal Nietzschean streak.  In their heart of hearts, they idiotically believe we should let the Democrats win so that the Republican Party can be "purified."  The author has yet to sufficiently deal with this crisis.  Hopefully, he starts to do so real soon before it's too late.The crybaby Republicans are particularly dangerous concerning the explosive illegal immigration issue.  A number of them come across as nativists who despise Hispanics.  We cannot, however, forget that the children of numerous illegal aliens are often American Citizens.  They get to vote at the age of 18---and will most certainly seek revenge on the GOP for harassing their parents.  Let's get something straight: we are also not going to send an estimated 10-12 million people back to their original homeland.  But aren't these individuals breaking the law?  Human law is not about the striving for utopian perfection.  Yucky sausage making compromises are occasionally required.  I may have a few complaints about Hugh Hewitt's newest book.  Still, you need to purchase a copy.  His overall advice is indispensable if you truly love your family and wish to protect the United States from ruin. The crybaby Republicans are particularly dangerous concerning the explosive illegal immigration issue.  A number of them come across as nativists who despise Hispanics.  We cannot, however, forget that the children of numerous illegal aliens are often American Citizens.  They get to vote at the age of 18---and will most certainly seek revenge on the GOP for harassing their parents.  Let's get something straight: we are also not going to send an estimated 10-12 million people back to their original homeland.  But aren't these individuals breaking the law?  Human law is not about the striving for utopian perfection.  Yucky sausage making compromises are occasionally required.  I may have a few complaints about Hugh Hewitt's newest book.  Still, you need to purchase a copy.  His overall advice is indispensable if you truly love your family and wish to protect the United States from ruin. David ThomsonFlares into Darkness
 Just when you think you've got Gemmell figured out, he turns the tables on you.  Fans of Gemmell and Jon Shannow might find the book a bit slow at first, and something of a retread of previous Jerusalem Man tales, but be patient...the master has got some great surprises up his sleeve!  Readers unfamiliar with Shannow are strongly advised to go back and read the previous Stones of Power books before this one.  You won't be disappointed.  Gemmell is one of the most important fantasy writers of the late 20th century
 I have spent my life wishing that I could change things over which I seemed to have no control.  Rob explains that the reason for this is that my subconscious mind is holding on to old beliefs that are limiting me.  He goes on to tell how PSYCH-K is a safe, powerful, and simple way to change those beliefs using balances that integrate the hemispheres of the brain.  It is prayer coming true for me quickly and lastingly.  I have followed up reading the book by taking the Basic and Advanced training workshops and am using PSYCH-K to find "peace" in my life and am helping others do the same in theirs.  This book is written so that it is easy to read and very informative for someone like me who is looking for ways to improve their life
 This book is not only interesting but gives a great deal of insight into life on "death row," at least in the state of Mississippi, and the appeals process involved with stays of execution and commutation of sentences.  It touches on activities of the Ku Klux Klan. It was my impression that the author leans toward those who favor the abolition of the death penalty.  However, some sympathy is found for the victims of crime.  The story centers on Sam Cayhall who is sentenced to death after several trials over a number of years following the crime.  Sam's grandson becomes his attorney during the last months of appeal from "death row." The latter part of the book leaves one wondering whether or not there will be an execution.  Meanwhile Sam shows repentance and response to the prison's chaplain.This book is not only interesting but gives a great deal of insight into life on "death row," at least in the state of Mississippi, and the appeals process involved with stays of execution and commutation of sentences.  It touches on activities of the Ku Klux Klan. It was my impression that the author leans toward those who favor the abolition of the death penalty.  However, some sympathy is found for the victims of crime.  The story centers on Sam Cayhall who is sentenced to death after several trials over a number of years following the crime.  Sam's grandson becomes his attorney during the last months of appeal from "death row." The latter part of the book leaves one wondering whether or not there will be an execution.  Meanwhile Sam shows repentance and response to the prison's chaplain.I found it to be one of the better John Grisham books.
 I just finished the book today and I will start out by saynig that this is a very good read. I will not spoil the plot if you have not read this book. Oh, and this book is NOT scary, but it really is creepy. Give it a go
 This is wonderful! It is for fans of Laura Ingalls Wilder, and also for those who are interested in historic cooking - from prairie and colonial days which have their basis in so many of the cultures which settled America in the early days, and adapted for use thereThis is wonderful! It is for fans of Laura Ingalls Wilder, and also for those who are interested in historic cooking - from prairie and colonial days which have their basis in so many of the cultures which settled America in the early days, and adapted for use thereThis book is a very happy blend of the Laura Ingalls stories and the food which was eaten, interspersed with the recipes and how they would have been prepared and cooked. Of course Laura didn't include any of the actual recipes in her book and so they have gleaned from similar cookbooks and so on of the day. It has been adjusted to modern need for exact temperatures and measures.This book is a very happy blend of the Laura Ingalls stories and the food which was eaten, interspersed with the recipes and how they would have been prepared and cooked. Of course Laura didn't include any of the actual recipes in her book and so they have gleaned from similar cookbooks and so on of the day. It has been adjusted to modern need for exact temperatures and measures.I found this book so lovely to read through, not just browse through. The interest factor is great - learning what things were available, and how they were used - baking soda, yeasts, how the oven was used, what cooking items they would have had access too as well as some of the stuff we should know but forget - seasonal food avaialble. But it is good as a simple recipe book. It is an incredible look at times gome pastI found this book so lovely to read through, not just browse through. The interest factor is great - learning what things were available, and how they were used - baking soda, yeasts, how the oven was used, what cooking items they would have had access too as well as some of the stuff we should know but forget - seasonal food avaialble. But it is good as a simple recipe book. It is an incredible look at times gome pastone of my best reads in the last few years, I also bought a Prairie cookbook which I would highly recommend as well - it is more of a recipe book than this one, but a lovely complementary book to it
 We would expect a well balanced approach to writing about the work of the Holy Spirit in the church by the author who also wrote "Tyranny of the Urgent" and we get it!  In this book, Charles E. Hummel, former president of InterVarsity Christian Fellowship, first reviews the history and growth of the various Charismatic groups within both the protestant and Catholic churches.  He provides many valuable explanations of the meaning of related scriptures as well as observations of healings and prophecies that he himself has seen.  He later gives his recommendations for keeping the Holy Spirit "fire in the fireplace" of a biblical church body. I came away encouraged in my own Spiritual gifts and reminded that the more extraordinary Spirit gifts have not disappeared and that "to each one is given the manifestation of the Spirit for the common good.
 I'd definitely recommend it not only to the Knowledge Management professionals, but to the general public. It's a fun and easy read.
 Blanchard and Hybels and Hodges team up for an excellent perspective on leadership from a Christian point of view. While reaching out to the secular marketplace with valid concepts for servant leadership, they put together an excellent framework for leadership. The summary checklist, given on pp. 171ff., offer a helpful concise summary of the book. The glaring omission, and one that I can't believe that Hybels would make, is to clearly point out that following Jesus' style of leadership is absolutely impossible apart from first having a personal relationship with Jesus, in other words, you can't lead like Jesus if you don't have him in your life to help you. I can't believe that there wasn't at least an appendix for those who would like to pursue that issue further. I believe that the authors are posturing too much to get the secular audience to read the book. But for the Christian, it is an excellent book
 Many novels of the African-American experience in the United States use the theme of "passing". These novels generally involve a light-complexioned African-American who can "pass" for white.  Among other things, novels based on a theme of "passing" allow the character and the author to comment upon black-white relationships in the United States from both sides -- from the black experience and from the white experience.Many novels of the African-American experience in the United States use the theme of "passing". These novels generally involve a light-complexioned African-American who can "pass" for white.  Among other things, novels based on a theme of "passing" allow the character and the author to comment upon black-white relationships in the United States from both sides -- from the black experience and from the white experience.Both white and black authors have made extensive use of the theme of "passing".  The earliest novel involving "passing" of which I am aware is by William Dean Howells in his short 1891 book, "An Imperative Duty" which dealt with an inter-racial marriage.  The African-American novelist Nella Larsen wrote a novel titled "Passing" set in the Harlem Renaissance.  More recently, Philip Roth's novel "The Human Stain" involves the story of Professor Coleman Silk, a distinguished academic and student of the classics who passes for many years as white.Both white and black authors have made extensive use of the theme of "passing".  The earliest novel involving "passing" of which I am aware is by William Dean Howells in his short 1891 book, "An Imperative Duty" which dealt with an inter-racial marriage.  The African-American novelist Nella Larsen wrote a novel titled "Passing" set in the Harlem Renaissance.  More recently, Philip Roth's novel "The Human Stain" involves the story of Professor Coleman Silk, a distinguished academic and student of the classics who passes for many years as white.Coleman Silk is the successor to the protagonist of James Weldon Johnson's only novel, "The Autobiography of an ex-colored Man" written in 1912.  The unnamed protagonist of the book is an individual, like Roth's character Coleman Silk, with great intellectual and artistic gifts who is torn between the opportunities open to him as an, apparently, white person and his strong sense of black identity.  Like Coleman Silk and the characters in most novels involving the theme of "passing", Johnson's protagonist marries a white woman and lives a life plagued with guilt regarding his abandonment of his heritage as an African-American. Johnson's short novel is, to my mind, the best written on the theme of "passing", and it is a fine novel indeed. The book initially was published anonymously.  The writing is so powerful and believable that many readers took the book for a true autobiography until Johnson acknowledged his authorship in 1914.  Many years later, Johnson wrote his own autobiography, titled "Along This Way" in part to show that the story of his own life was not the story of the protagonist in the "Autobiography".Coleman Silk is the successor to the protagonist of James Weldon Johnson's only novel, "The Autobiography of an ex-colored Man" written in 1912.  The unnamed protagonist of the book is an individual, like Roth's character Coleman Silk, with great intellectual and artistic gifts who is torn between the opportunities open to him as an, apparently, white person and his strong sense of black identity.  Like Coleman Silk and the characters in most novels involving the theme of "passing", Johnson's protagonist marries a white woman and lives a life plagued with guilt regarding his abandonment of his heritage as an African-American. Johnson's short novel is, to my mind, the best written on the theme of "passing", and it is a fine novel indeed. The book initially was published anonymously.  The writing is so powerful and believable that many readers took the book for a true autobiography until Johnson acknowledged his authorship in 1914.  Many years later, Johnson wrote his own autobiography, titled "Along This Way" in part to show that the story of his own life was not the story of the protagonist in the "Autobiography".Johnson's story shows how his protagonist goes back and forth, both internally and in the outward events of life, about whether to make his way in the white or in the black world.  He ultimately finds himself successful but unhappy. In addition to the story line of the book, Johnson uses the "passing" theme to allow many reflective passages by characters in the book on racial relationships in the United States early in the 20th Century.  The most famous such scene occurs as the protagonist travels in a "smoking car" for whites on a train in the segregated South.  He participates in a discussion among several white men of varied backgrounds on the "race question" as it was viewed at the time.  There is also a chilling scene in the book involving a lynching, the burning alive of a black person.  Johnson worked fervently in the latter years of his life to secure the passage of anti-lynching legislation in Congress.Johnson's story shows how his protagonist goes back and forth, both internally and in the outward events of life, about whether to make his way in the white or in the black world.  He ultimately finds himself successful but unhappy. In addition to the story line of the book, Johnson uses the "passing" theme to allow many reflective passages by characters in the book on racial relationships in the United States early in the 20th Century.  The most famous such scene occurs as the protagonist travels in a "smoking car" for whites on a train in the segregated South.  He participates in a discussion among several white men of varied backgrounds on the "race question" as it was viewed at the time.  There is also a chilling scene in the book involving a lynching, the burning alive of a black person.  Johnson worked fervently in the latter years of his life to secure the passage of anti-lynching legislation in Congress.But Johnson's novel includes a great deal more than a consideration of race issues.  The book offers an outstanding picture of life in early twentieth Century America -- in the South and in Johnson's beloved New York City.  The book is filled with pictures of dives and gambling dens and of the trade of cigar making in both South and North.  It is filled with the love of the piano and of classical music.  Most strikingly, the book has the spirit and feel of ragtime, which reached the height of its popularity during the years in which the book appeared.  Johnson shows great appreciation for this product of American culture.But Johnson's novel includes a great deal more than a consideration of race issues.  The book offers an outstanding picture of life in early twentieth Century America -- in the South and in Johnson's beloved New York City.  The book is filled with pictures of dives and gambling dens and of the trade of cigar making in both South and North.  It is filled with the love of the piano and of classical music.  Most strikingly, the book has the spirit and feel of ragtime, which reached the height of its popularity during the years in which the book appeared.  Johnson shows great appreciation for this product of American culture.The book also illustrates some universal themes.  The protagonist is troubled, specifically, by the conflict between his identity as an African-American and his wish to succeed as a white person.  But the broader themes of the book are the consequences of lack of self-knowledge, the role of chance in human life, and the consequences of a certain sense of purposelessness and frustration, which plague many individuals separately from any consideration of race.  Johnson develops these themes eloquently and ties them in well with his theme of "passing".The book also illustrates some universal themes.  The protagonist is troubled, specifically, by the conflict between his identity as an African-American and his wish to succeed as a white person.  But the broader themes of the book are the consequences of lack of self-knowledge, the role of chance in human life, and the consequences of a certain sense of purposelessness and frustration, which plague many individuals separately from any consideration of race.  Johnson develops these themes eloquently and ties them in well with his theme of "passing".Johnson's novel is an important work of American fiction which deserves to be read.
 You, the reader, are the subject and the hero of Calvino's novel, an exercise in reader-response theory gone mad. Calvino's lively experiment begins by describing a reader (that is, "you") reading Calvino's novel and, after this opening, "you" settle in to read the novel that you were "meant" to be reading--a noir mystery with a cliffhanger at the end of the first chapter. You, the reader, are the subject and the hero of Calvino's novel, an exercise in reader-response theory gone mad. Calvino's lively experiment begins by describing a reader (that is, "you") reading Calvino's novel and, after this opening, "you" settle in to read the novel that you were "meant" to be reading--a noir mystery with a cliffhanger at the end of the first chapter. But all is not fair in the Land of Fiction; the copy of the book has been misbound by the printer, so you have to rush to the store to get a properly printed book--only to find that the replacement is a different book entirely. After several tricks and machinations, you end up reading the beginnings of ten different books, written in ten different styles, yet all sharing place and character names and even themes. (Part of the fun is identifying the author being imitated: the most obvious segments mock Borges, Dostoevsky, and Chekhov.)  While initially it seems that Calvino assumes you are male, soon you are introduced to the Other Reader and "you" see the story through her eyes. Both of you work to solve the mystery of the erratic book passages, and the pleasure of reading is heightened by romantic tensions between the two of you.The book alternates between the story fragments and the story of "you." The repeated changes and interruptions in style and story can be baffling: "You can't get your bearings: the characters have changed, the settings, you don't understand what it's about, you find names of people and don't know who they are." It's a bit like "Groundhog Day," except that instead of being stuck inside the same day, you're doomed to repeat ten different but terrifyingly similar acts of literature interruptus. The book alternates between the story fragments and the story of "you." The repeated changes and interruptions in style and story can be baffling: "You can't get your bearings: the characters have changed, the settings, you don't understand what it's about, you find names of people and don't know who they are." It's a bit like "Groundhog Day," except that instead of being stuck inside the same day, you're doomed to repeat ten different but terrifyingly similar acts of literature interruptus. Well before the end of the novel, you realize that the real story is not to be found in any of the parodies (mysteries, fantasies, and romances) that you desperately try (and fail) to finish, but in the story of your reading experience itself--an experience made all the more complicated by the web of conspiracies engendered by the Other Reader, a reclusive popular writer, a charlatan churning out counterfeit books under the writer's name, a sloppy and conniving translator, and various officials of repressive dictatorships.Well before the end of the novel, you realize that the real story is not to be found in any of the parodies (mysteries, fantasies, and romances) that you desperately try (and fail) to finish, but in the story of your reading experience itself--an experience made all the more complicated by the web of conspiracies engendered by the Other Reader, a reclusive popular writer, a charlatan churning out counterfeit books under the writer's name, a sloppy and conniving translator, and various officials of repressive dictatorships.For the reader who doesn't mind when an author attempts to describe your state of mind, Calvino's novel can be pure fun. The success of Calvino's task depends in no small part on whether the reading experience he describes recalls how you read a book; I know that some readers find some of these passages alien ("That's not how I read books"), but for me the various descriptions of the reading experience were both perceptive and eerily familiar. This reader, too, found the first half of the book far more engaging than the second half; later in the book, the gimmick inevitably wears a little thin and the detours that spoof publishing conglomerates, repressive governments, and state censorship were a bit more than this short novel could handle. And the "solution" to the puzzle, although fitting, has the oomph of the finale to a shaggy-dog story. No matter--if you enjoy metafiction, you might just recognize yourself in this clever book
 This is my all time favorite book! I have never found myself going through so many different emotions while reading one book. It is definately one of Nicholas Sparks bests
 Deadly feasts: tracking the secrets of a terrifying new plague by Richard Rhodes is one scary book. It tracks the discovery of prions, the mishapen proteins responsible for mad cow disease, scrapie, and Creutzfeldt Jacob disease. Following human cannibals in the jungles of New Guinea in the fifties, bovine cannibals of the British Isles in the eighties, and the bizarre history of sheep scrapie from the 17th century on, Rhodes does a great job of presenting the history and discovery of this bizarre group of diseases. I especially enjoyed the characterizations of the scientists, from the Noble Laureate who so enjoyed the New Guinea that he often regretted rejoining civiliziation, yet brought thirty natives back to the USA and helped them through school, to the hyper-competitive scientist who named the molecules even though he wasn't quite certain what they were. Deadly feasts: tracking the secrets of a terrifying new plague by Richard Rhodes is one scary book. It tracks the discovery of prions, the mishapen proteins responsible for mad cow disease, scrapie, and Creutzfeldt Jacob disease. Following human cannibals in the jungles of New Guinea in the fifties, bovine cannibals of the British Isles in the eighties, and the bizarre history of sheep scrapie from the 17th century on, Rhodes does a great job of presenting the history and discovery of this bizarre group of diseases. I especially enjoyed the characterizations of the scientists, from the Noble Laureate who so enjoyed the New Guinea that he often regretted rejoining civiliziation, yet brought thirty natives back to the USA and helped them through school, to the hyper-competitive scientist who named the molecules even though he wasn't quite certain what they were. But this isn't just a story of scientific discovery. As the foreboding subtitle blares, Rhodes explores some of the scarier aspects of prions. These include spontaneous formation, responsible for the known early cases of Creutzfeldt Jacob disease, trans-species infection, including mad cow disease and scrapie, the long long incubation period and lack of immune system response, and hardiness of the disease. One scary factoid: a scientist took a sample of scrapie, froze it, baked it for an hour at 360 degrees (celsius), and was able to re-infect other animals from this sample. But this isn't just a story of scientific discovery. As the foreboding subtitle blares, Rhodes explores some of the scarier aspects of prions. These include spontaneous formation, responsible for the known early cases of Creutzfeldt Jacob disease, trans-species infection, including mad cow disease and scrapie, the long long incubation period and lack of immune system response, and hardiness of the disease. One scary factoid: a scientist took a sample of scrapie, froze it, baked it for an hour at 360 degrees (celsius), and was able to re-infect other animals from this sample. For all the uneasiness this book inspires, it certainly doesn't offer any answers. A condemnation of industrial agriculture, a warning that it's unknown whether vegetarians are even safe, and a caution against using bone meal for your flower garden do not make a recipe for handling this issue. To be fair, it was printed in 1997--perhaps things are under control now. For all the uneasiness this book inspires, it certainly doesn't offer any answers. A condemnation of industrial agriculture, a warning that it's unknown whether vegetarians are even safe, and a caution against using bone meal for your flower garden do not make a recipe for handling this issue. To be fair, it was printed in 1997--perhaps things are under control now. 
 This book was very candid and well written. It shows that Bob primary goal was to build a business, and become rich and he succeed. The idea that he sold it as a media for African American pride is what got him in trouble.  Pulley shows that it was &quot;strictly business&quot; Mr. Johnson need not so defensive, what he created made him rich, this book shows that wealth does not equal respect? Nevertheless he has $3 billion dollars and hopefully plenty of time to write a final chapter of which he can be prou
 A good and clear illustrated guide to exercises with both machines and free weights. Also the best methods for each body type outlined. You even get sample workouts for people at all levels of fitness and exercise development.A good and clear illustrated guide to exercises with both machines and free weights. Also the best methods for each body type outlined. You even get sample workouts for people at all levels of fitness and exercise development.The book shows exercises for each body part so you can develop your own routine and it also includes a log you can copy.The book shows exercises for each body part so you can develop your own routine and it also includes a log you can copy.The book includes routines for seniors and weight loss. There are some 300 color photos and you'll learn how to do each exercise and what to avoid that may cause injury.The book includes routines for seniors and weight loss. There are some 300 color photos and you'll learn how to do each exercise and what to avoid that may cause injury.A good book for anyone at any level of fitness who needs a complete, handy guide. Being spiral bound it will go with you and you can easily use it daily.A good book for anyone at any level of fitness who needs a complete, handy guide. Being spiral bound it will go with you and you can easily use it daily.My one complaint is that some of the routines are devoted to using machines only and many people don't belong to a gym but work out at home. For them, this creates a real problem
 I use this book and/or refer someone to it almost every day in my line of work. I highly recommend it to anyone who works with color
 Having spent the last year in the Near East, I found that reading this book gave me an incite that was most helpful to me and my collegues.  While this book was written about the Isreal-Lebanon issue during the 1970's-1980's, though it just reared its ugly head once again in the last few months, it was as I said a great help to me to understand or at least better understand the arabic way of life and culture.  With the world attention squarely on the Near East we all, weather American, European, or other cultures throughout the world, need to know and understand the Near Eastern mentality, culture, and to some extend how the Islamic Religion plays into the everyday life and politics of that area.  With this book being written by a Jewish American and with Thomas Freidman's understanding of the Near East way of thinking gives the book a credibility others could only hope for.  I recommend this book to anyone that is a student of the Near East, Politicians and Military Personnel, Religious Leaders, and anyone who wants a better understanding of the Near East in general.    
 I just finished reading The Handyman's Dream, By Nick Poff. I was completely blown away! This is a great book. Its about 2 guys who meet one another in small town Indiana. After the first chapter you will want to have these fellas over for dinner. The story is very well written and has alot of innovative things in it that I havent seen in any other gay novels. I love the way the author integrates Music and songs into the story. From the Character Norma ( ed's Mother)and her quirky comebacks to the wonderful Mrs. Penfield, the novel will have you laughing and will touch a place deep inside you that few books do. This story also tells of the fears and struggles a gay couple had in the past, and one many still have today. I love the fact that its very g rated and a good read for not only gay folks but also straight folks...Anyone who believes in the power of love. I wish while growing up I would have had a book like this one to show me that there IS such a thing as good , healthy gay relationships.  I Highly recommend The Handyman's Dream. 
 I've always thought someone should do a retro coffee table book on A-frames.  Someone did.  It's perfect.  The book has a great cover in cool 60s colors.  Inside is a detailed history with pictures, illustrations and everything one would ever want to know about A-frames.  Thank you Chad Randl! 
 Anything by Dave Barry is genius - full of insight, uncannily funny, entertaining, and thought provoking.  Dave Barry Turns 50 makes a perfect small gift for 50th birthdays (as does Dave Barry Turns 40 for those a decade younger.
 This is not a book about management.  It is a wonderful exploration about how and why groups of individuals can and do make better decisions than individuals.  It sets out some necessary conditions for this wisdom to be able to take place and then does some excellent analysis of why that happens.  This is not a book about management.  It is a wonderful exploration about how and why groups of individuals can and do make better decisions than individuals.  It sets out some necessary conditions for this wisdom to be able to take place and then does some excellent analysis of why that happens.  What I got out of this book was some very important ideas about why collaborative decision making is important and how to assure that it is done well (If you want the other side Irving Janis' old classic on Groupthink is a good counterpoint.)  What I got out of this book was some very important ideas about why collaborative decision making is important and how to assure that it is done well (If you want the other side Irving Janis' old classic on Groupthink is a good counterpoint.)  Unlike a lot of other big idea books this one is very literate and readable.  It is a joy to read but it also offers some very substantive ideas
 Just LOVED this book!!!  Enjoy Nora Roberts books but this one is now at the top of my list. It is so suspenseful you can hardly wait to turn the next page to see what happens next. This mystery/love story is great and so well written. All the characters are so well developed they seem to come to life and just about jump off the page. Very enjoyable reading!!!!
 If you're interested in reproducing authentic costumes, you won't find a better guide to hats and bonnets than this book.  I haven't found anything close to it.  Intended for collectors, it is full of photographs showing what women wore on their heads for the 200 year period covered.  Today a hat is usually something worn strictly to protect from inclement weather.  Until a generation or so ago, no woman felt dressed in public unless she wore some kind of hat.  It's a valuable addition to any costume library
 To put this review into perspective for you, it is written by a serious student of cooking that has been actively studying food on their own for 25 years.  I have been focusing on Italian food for the last 10 years.  My favorite cookbook is "The Professional Chef" by the Culinary Institute of America. To put this review into perspective for you, it is written by a serious student of cooking that has been actively studying food on their own for 25 years.  I have been focusing on Italian food for the last 10 years.  My favorite cookbook is "The Professional Chef" by the Culinary Institute of America. If you are a serious home cook you will love this book.If you are a serious home cook you will love this book.The photography in this book is nice and the food styling is beautiful. If you love to entertain and/or you want the meals you serve your family and friends to be gorgeous you will get so many ideas reading this book.The photography in this book is nice and the food styling is beautiful. If you love to entertain and/or you want the meals you serve your family and friends to be gorgeous you will get so many ideas reading this book.The directions for the recipes are very thorough and well written.  I believe that a serious beginner could follow these recipes without a problem.The directions for the recipes are very thorough and well written.  I believe that a serious beginner could follow these recipes without a problem.I have tried many of the recipes in this book all to rave reviews.  I particularly enjoyed the chapter on foams. The "cream whippers" are expensive, but they are extremely fun to use.  I have tried many of the recipes in this book all to rave reviews.  I particularly enjoyed the chapter on foams. The "cream whippers" are expensive, but they are extremely fun to use.  This book does not need to be used just for small bites.  It is as simple as just making fewer portions from the same recipe. This book does not need to be used just for small bites.  It is as simple as just making fewer portions from the same recipe. This book is highly recommended for anyone that is serious about cooking.
 Syl Sobel is my nextdoor neighbor.  This book is a wonderful resource for the whole family.  It is illustrated, has a glossary for those hard to know terms and an index!  Buy this book today!
 With "Dead Watch", Sanford has delivered a political thriller that is fully worthy of mention alongside his popular police-procedural Prey series.  I share the Booklist reviewer's sentiment that Sandford has produced a D.C. intrigue reminiscent of Ross Thomas (a VERY good thing!).  With "Dead Watch", Sanford has delivered a political thriller that is fully worthy of mention alongside his popular police-procedural Prey series.  I share the Booklist reviewer's sentiment that Sandford has produced a D.C. intrigue reminiscent of Ross Thomas (a VERY good thing!).  My biggest beef with Dead Watch is the bland characterization of Jake Winter (though Sandford does do a good job of making Winter not be Lucas Davenport); nearly every other character has more personality-pizzazz.  Not to worry though, the Madison Bowe character and the breakneck speed of the story more than make up for that shortcoming.  If I'd been turning pages any faster, I'd have probably started a fire.
 Charlie Bone isn't your typical nine-year-old boy.  Although he didn't know that himself.  But when photographs get mixed up and he ends up with a picture of a man and a little girl that talks to him, he knows everything that was normal about his life is gone forever.  Tracking down the picture, Charlie finds out it belongs to Miss Ingledew, a woman who owns a bookshop and has been looking for her missing niece for years.  She gives Charlie a mysterious package (that he can't open) and sets him on his journey that will change everything in his world.  As it turns out, Charlie is one of the descendants of the Red King, a mysterious person who had wondrous magical powers who went into hiding.  The Red King's children have been equally divided between good and evil ever since.  At Bloor's Academy, Charlie finds friends and enemies, and the challenge of his lifetime as he tracks down secrets others don't want revealed.Charlie Bone isn't your typical nine-year-old boy.  Although he didn't know that himself.  But when photographs get mixed up and he ends up with a picture of a man and a little girl that talks to him, he knows everything that was normal about his life is gone forever.  Tracking down the picture, Charlie finds out it belongs to Miss Ingledew, a woman who owns a bookshop and has been looking for her missing niece for years.  She gives Charlie a mysterious package (that he can't open) and sets him on his journey that will change everything in his world.  As it turns out, Charlie is one of the descendants of the Red King, a mysterious person who had wondrous magical powers who went into hiding.  The Red King's children have been equally divided between good and evil ever since.  At Bloor's Academy, Charlie finds friends and enemies, and the challenge of his lifetime as he tracks down secrets others don't want revealed.Jenny Nimmo is the author of five books in the Charlie Bone series and has written several other children's books and fantasies.Jenny Nimmo is the author of five books in the Charlie Bone series and has written several other children's books and fantasies.Many people compare Charlie Bone to Harry Potter, and that's a good comparison.  But the two series are different.  Harry's family is really non-supportive, but Charlie has a loving mother, a doting grandmother, and Uncle Paton, who turns out to be something of a hero.  The book is a fun, fast-paced whirlwind of mysteries, magic, and friendship.  Even at 400 pages, it feels like it's over much too soon.Many people compare Charlie Bone to Harry Potter, and that's a good comparison.  But the two series are different.  Harry's family is really non-supportive, but Charlie has a loving mother, a doting grandmother, and Uncle Paton, who turns out to be something of a hero.  The book is a fun, fast-paced whirlwind of mysteries, magic, and friendship.  Even at 400 pages, it feels like it's over much too soon.There are a few jarring instances where the point-of-view was disconnected, moving from one character and one scene into another without warning.  They were easily overlooked due to the pacing of the story, but noticeable all the same.There are a few jarring instances where the point-of-view was disconnected, moving from one character and one scene into another without warning.  They were easily overlooked due to the pacing of the story, but noticeable all the same.Fans who are waiting for the next Harry Potter book who haven't tried the Charlie Bone series are encouraged to do so.  Charlie's story, although similar, has much to offer in reading excitement
 this book sucks very badly! as soon as i was on the second page i threw it in the fire place!!
 Mr. Bones is a very special dog, a dog who understands Ingloosh and almost speaks it. A dog who is happy roaming about the country with his master, Willie G. Christmas. If Willie is homeless, probably schizophrenic, certainly eccentric; if they rarely have enough to eat; if he doesn't always understand Willie's metaphysical ramblings--what does that matter between a dog and his best friend? Alas, in the first chapter, Willie is coughing up blood, and Mr. Bones knows that Willie is going to die.Mr. Bones is a very special dog, a dog who understands Ingloosh and almost speaks it. A dog who is happy roaming about the country with his master, Willie G. Christmas. If Willie is homeless, probably schizophrenic, certainly eccentric; if they rarely have enough to eat; if he doesn't always understand Willie's metaphysical ramblings--what does that matter between a dog and his best friend? Alas, in the first chapter, Willie is coughing up blood, and Mr. Bones knows that Willie is going to die.The entire story is told through the point of view of this remarkable dog. Is it the story of a dog? Or the story of Willie? Or the story of life in America? Or a story about love, alienation, betrayal and loss? Well, it's all of these. And what is Timbuktu? For that, you will have to read the book. I'm not going to tell you.The entire story is told through the point of view of this remarkable dog. Is it the story of a dog? Or the story of Willie? Or the story of life in America? Or a story about love, alienation, betrayal and loss? Well, it's all of these. And what is Timbuktu? For that, you will have to read the book. I'm not going to tell you.Author Paul Auster is a genius with language. Somehow he draws you into this improbable story and makes it believable. More than believable. Compelling. Does he really get inside the mind of a dog? Who am I to say? I can only say that for me he makes the mind of a dog as believable and understandable as any other mind. Author Paul Auster is a genius with language. Somehow he draws you into this improbable story and makes it believable. More than believable. Compelling. Does he really get inside the mind of a dog? Who am I to say? I can only say that for me he makes the mind of a dog as believable and understandable as any other mind. Some reviewers expressed disappointment with this book, but I thought it was wonderful. Just let it speak in its own voice and take it for what it is and you will love it. I recommend Timbuktu highly. Reviewed by Louis N. Gruber
 I bought this book for my son as a study guide, he is almost finished reading it for the first time, now he says he is going to go back and highlight key information that he will need on his exam.  He is raving about this book, worth the money spent and a very good price
 I saw the second title of this series at my local Borders bookstore, and decided to try the first title. Do not be fooled by the "Young Adult" category; this book is also appropriate for full adults looking for a good read. Though a little adolescent at times, this novel is still excellent, and I recommend it as a fun and fascinating fantasy
 When Peter S. Lynch speaks, wise investors will listen.  This book covers the famous fund manager's career at the helm of Fidelity Magellan from 1977 to '90, and post career into '92.  It's far more introspective than "One Up On Wall Street" and it was no doubt meant to be for this purpose.  For example, there isn't nearly as much fundamental principles for stock picking outlined in this book as the former.  My belief is that the reader would do best by reading "One Up On Wall Street" first and follow up with this title, as its the newer of the two, regardless. When Peter S. Lynch speaks, wise investors will listen.  This book covers the famous fund manager's career at the helm of Fidelity Magellan from 1977 to '90, and post career into '92.  It's far more introspective than "One Up On Wall Street" and it was no doubt meant to be for this purpose.  For example, there isn't nearly as much fundamental principles for stock picking outlined in this book as the former.  My belief is that the reader would do best by reading "One Up On Wall Street" first and follow up with this title, as its the newer of the two, regardless. Peter's style of writing (with John Rothchild) is no-nonsense and easy to take in.  To my knowledge three books have been published by the duo and all three have been entertaining and never dry.  The reader can comfortably take in some very important stock-picking principles from one of the greats without feeling intimidated at any point.  I think this is a sign of a well written book that covers a topic that isn't child's play (unless you like playing with money).Peter's style of writing (with John Rothchild) is no-nonsense and easy to take in.  To my knowledge three books have been published by the duo and all three have been entertaining and never dry.  The reader can comfortably take in some very important stock-picking principles from one of the greats without feeling intimidated at any point.  I think this is a sign of a well written book that covers a topic that isn't child's play (unless you like playing with money).And although this book doesn't cover nearly as much technical information as the first, it still offers a lot of tasty tidbits for stock pickers.  I made plenty of notes while reading "Beating The Street", and I'm confident that I'll be well served by doing so.  Peter reiterates many of the guidelines he mentioned in his first best-seller, such as scrutinizing company earnings and the balance sheets, and he gives his wise opinion of picking bargain stocks that have lower P/Es than their growth rates.And although this book doesn't cover nearly as much technical information as the first, it still offers a lot of tasty tidbits for stock pickers.  I made plenty of notes while reading "Beating The Street", and I'm confident that I'll be well served by doing so.  Peter reiterates many of the guidelines he mentioned in his first best-seller, such as scrutinizing company earnings and the balance sheets, and he gives his wise opinion of picking bargain stocks that have lower P/Es than their growth rates.Overall, this title definitely deserves four stars, and his first book deserves at least five stars.  Lynch and Rothchild have authored several investing books that will stand the test of time. You'll sleep better with your investment decisions by having these valuable classics in your collection.Overall, this title definitely deserves four stars, and his first book deserves at least five stars.  Lynch and Rothchild have authored several investing books that will stand the test of time. You'll sleep better with your investment decisions by having these valuable classics in your collection.Overall, this title definitely deserves four stars, and his first book deserves at least five stars.  Lynch and Rothchild have authored several investing books that will stand the test of time. You'll sleep better with your investment decisions by having these valuable classics in your collection.Overall, this title definitely deserves four stars, and his first book deserves at least five stars.  Lynch and Rothchild have authored several investing books that will stand the test of time. You'll sleep better with your investment decisions by having these valuable classics in your collection.Overall, this title definitely deserves four stars, and his first book deserves at least five stars.  Lynch and Rothchild have authored several investing books that will stand the test of time. You'll sleep better with your investment decisions by having these valuable classics in your collection.Overall, this title definitely deserves four stars, and his first book deserves at least five stars.  Lynch and Rothchild have authored several investing books that will stand the test of time. You'll sleep better with your investment decisions by having these valuable classics in your collection.  
 I purchased this book to read to my baby and it is just a sweet little tale about Mommies and their mischievious babies.  I can't wait until she is old enough to sit on my lap and really understand the story when I read it to her.  I highly recommend it
 Briggs has perfected the art of the wordless book, and this is a great title to use to teach older kids how to do storyboarding for video or movie-making. Compare the book to the video as a final "lesson" and students will see the intricacies of the craft. This newly reissued edition has a "sparkly" cover, and is sure to be a favorite for families with kids of all ages, as well.
 Never before have I been moved so completely by a simple reference book. The author skillfully weaves his understanding of our democratic system with a profound love for L. Ron Hubbard's Dianetics -- not an easy task. I bought this for my grandmother... and she hates books. That's how good this is. &quot;Better than Cats,&quot; she says. I can't say I necessarily agree with her -- for starters, the private sector's influence on public policy and decision-making is nowhere near as entertaining as Mister Mistofellees' song and dance -- but who am I to argue with an old woman? Nobody, that's who
 this book sucks you in from page one!  it's entertaining and witty!  no need for more detail
 This is the real story about wall street firms and the way they look at their clients. Beware that you may not like the way they look at you. It is a good wake up call for those who think their broker is always looking out for their best interests. Very entertaining with great stories. You won't want to put it down!
 This fiction of a plot against American Jews is very interesting. It is well written and it holds your attention. The little boy telling the story and the intricacy of politics attached to the story make this novel a book you cannot put aside. This is about an era of American history, and it is well documented. I recommend it to everyone: the older generation who lived thru it and particularly to the younger generation of people who are not familiar with this period; it teaches that history is constantly in the remake and cultural differences are still a problem in our world.
                Lewis has written a fascinating study of the bean counter approach ,used by Billy Beane and the Oakland Athletics to construct a team of moderately priced players chosen on the basis of ,primarily, on base percentage for everyday players and the number of groundball outs and strikeouts for selecting pitchers.             This approach generated a number of divisional championships for Oakland in the weakest American League division,but no pennants and world championships.There are omitted variables and misspecification  problems in the sabermetrics(statistics) approach of Bill James used by Beane.First,James's system totally ignores the number of batter strikeouts.All outs are not equal.Hitting flyouts and groundball outs will many times advance the baserunner if any previous batters got on base.Hitting the ball also allows the baserunner to get on on an error.Strikeouts are thus the worst type of out.This omitted variables problem can be dealt with by simply deducting 1  to 1.25 points from the on base percentage for every strikeout over,say,100 for a regular,everyday player who gets 600 official at bats over the course of the season.The second problem is that the James system does not differentiate between walks due to the hitting skill of the batter and walks used by the pitcher to set up forceplays and double plays,especially if he is a pitcher who gets a lot of ground ball outs.Another category is needed-walks that are not followed by forceouts or double play groundouts and/or walks where the runner is able to steal second base.These walks are different from the walks given to a 40 homer player who strikes out 150+ times a year and hits .250 but has a .375 OBP.        James's system needs to be adjusted to take into account these two factors
 I finally know what makes for good comic book inks after reading this book. Gary Martin comprehensively outlines all the elements of comic book inking including the various techniques, styles and methods that the pros  use. Plenty of samples from his own work and that of others. If you want to  learn how to ink comic book art or you just want to know what distinguishes  good inking from bad, I highly recommend this book. The production values,  art and cover are also very professional
 I am a longtime Jance fan and wasn't disappointed with Dead Wrong.  Any complaints would be the overemphasis on Joanna's pregnancy with a concomitant under-emphasis on tension and suspense (great ending, though!).  Butch is effectively out of the way in this installment as he promotes his book, but  also comes across as overly self-absorbed, especially when his obnoxious parents show up and his wife is poised to deliver their child.  Jenny, too has little to add to the story.  But Joanna shines, as usual. Nice to see such a reliable, ethical, and strong female protagonist
 Don't get me wrong this was a really good book.  And I am so close to giving it 5 stars.  It was just a little too short for me.  The story invloving the ball game was great and showed why baseball is so pure at its core.  The only thing that was lacking in the story was the story outside of the game.  You will fly through this book, it is a good story and you will feel satisfied after reading it, even after that mild short coming I mentioned.  Just my opnion, I could be wrong
 I liked this book because it was quick and easy to read, but also had more in-depth information in the back.  Each month, there is a chart of symptoms to let you know what is important to go to the ER, call your doc, or wait 24 hours to check.  There were great decision guides that presented both sides.  I like that I know a reputable hospital stands behind the book, as well.  I have 6 pregnancy books, but this one is my favorite
 Background	I read Isaac's Storm, by Erik Larson, around 1998. Recently I had occasion to thumb through it again which has prompted this review. Larson covered three killer hurricanes, two killer blizzards and one flash floodGalveston and related HurricanesMy first impression was that anyone who had read this book, about a major hurricane, would never consider riding out such a storm. Larson painted a frightening story of brick homes and brick schools being torn apart by the surging waters.Isaac Cline was the U. S. Weather Service Chief at Galveston at this time. This book gives much detail on the Galveston storm. This hit the island in September 1900, with very little warning. Indeed it was the arrogance of the U. S. Weather Service in general, and Issac Cline, their station chief for this area, in particular, that essentially preempted any warning. "Cline was one of the 'new men', a scientist who believed he knew all there was to know about the motion of clouds and the behavior of storms." First, the U. S. Weather Service refused to pay any attention to any inputs from Cuba. The U. S. Weather Service had men stationed in Cuba who "said the storm was nothing to worry about." Cuban's "own weather observers, who had pioneered hurricane detection, disagreed." Secondly the U. S. Weather Service insisted that, any storm warning had to come from the Washington office, with absolutely no exceptions. Finally Isaac had the conviction, and public position, that no hurricane could ever hit Galveston, as they would be steered north before reaching as far west as Galveston. With such a position Cline had no motivation to try and influence headquarters. Larson cited two older hurricanes in his book.* September 16, 1875 - "The storm raised an immense dome of water and shoved it through Indianola, pushing the waters of the Gulf and Matagorda Bay inland until for 20 miles the back country prairie was an open sea." This storm took 176 lives.* August 20, 1886 - This storm completed the destruction of Indianola. So many residents were killed that the survivors abandoned the town completely.In 1891, "in the wake of a tropical storm that Galveston weathered handily" Cline  was asked to appraise the city's vulnerability to extreme weather. Isaac wrote: "The opinion held by some - - - that Galveston at some time will be seriously damaged by some such disturbance is simply an absurd delusion." He made this statement in spite of the fact that the maximum elevation of Galveston Island, at that time, was an almost trivial 8.7 feet above sea level. He made it also in spite of the two killer hurricanes hitting and destroying the town of Indianola, about 150 miles southwest of Galveston on Matagorda BayCline had a "model" of Gulf hurricanes, namely that no hurricane could ever hit Galveston, as they would be steered north before reaching as far west as Galveston. His "model" of these storms was clearly fatally flawed, or politically influenced, and it resulted in 6,000 to 10,000 deaths.Larson suggests there was a "scent of boosterism" behind this article, and that he was writing an article that Galveston promoters would be happy to see. Could this have been a harbinger of things to come? Could Cline have been the first government weather scientist to prostitute himself by writing favorable papers on the weather for his sponsorsThen the storm hit. Both the U. S. Weather Service and Isaac Cline looked very arrogant before the storm, and also in defending their overall performance, after the stormThen the storm hit. Both the U. S. Weather Service and Isaac Cline looked very arrogant before the storm, and also in defending their overall performance, after the stormOther extreme weather events Larson also covered two blizzards and one flash flood in his book in this book* Hail and flash flood, August 1885 - "a severe downpour near San Angelo, including hailstones the size of ostrich eggs, killed hundreds of cattle and created a flash flood with An escarpment of water that Isaac estimated to be 15 or 20 feet high."* Blizzard, November 1888 - this surprise blizzard destroyed 150 vessels off New England, and caused the death of 450.* Blizzard, January 1899 - "this blizzard swept much of the South. Icebergs 10 feet high flowed down the Mississippi past New Orleans." This storm even hit Galveston and piled snow on it's beaches and drove water out of the Bay into the Gulf exposing portions of the bay bottom.* Blizzard, January 1899 - "this blizzard swept much of the South. Icebergs 10 feet high flowed down the Mississippi past New Orleans." This storm even hit Galveston and piled snow on it's beaches and drove water out of the Bay into the Gulf exposing portions of the bay bottom.ConclusionIsaac's Storm shows the incredoble wrath of hurricanes, 105 to 125  years ago. It also depicts the incredible spectrum of extreme weather events, also of the same vintage. All in all a most interesting and rewarding book, one that I would recommend highly
 Terrier will not disappoint Tamora Pierce fans!  The narration is done through first person, told as a journal.  This is particularily challenging for authors to do well as it is easy to loose the flow of the story, and difficult to account for actions the narrator hasn't seen. But Tamora has performed her usual magic, snatching up the readers' interest from the first page and holding it until the last (I even read all of the notes pages and the bio).  Readers may find it difficult to put down.  Once again it will be hard to wait for the next boo
 This is the third book I have read by Grisham, and so far I have really enjoyed each one. Grisham really knows how to write a good legal thriller. This book does not have any courtroom/court-case scenes, which I really enjoy, but it still kept my attention very well. Grisham gives you just enough "inside details" to keep you guessing without actually telling you the answer. For example: at one point, the clues seemed to point to Fletcher Coal being involved in the killings, but that was way off the mark in the end. This characteristic of Grisham's writings makes for a very enjoyable read.One of my few complaints about this book is the sudden romance between Gray and Darby. They had hardly even met before they seemed to become attracted, then it VERY quickly blossomed into an open show of affection, even though at the same time, Darby was supposedly mourning for Thomas. Even so, that is probably the main thing that seems wrong about this book, and it does not detract from the overall quality very much at all.One of my few complaints about this book is the sudden romance between Gray and Darby. They had hardly even met before they seemed to become attracted, then it VERY quickly blossomed into an open show of affection, even though at the same time, Darby was supposedly mourning for Thomas. Even so, that is probably the main thing that seems wrong about this book, and it does not detract from the overall quality very much at all.Overall, this is a very captivating, page-turner book that really holds your attention. I highly recommend it, as well as Grisham's other books. So far, I have found Grisham to be an awesome writer of legal thrillers. I promise that you will not be disappointed. Read and enjoy
 I bought this book because my mother is dying and I needed to know more. Kessler has a wonderful way of delivering this knowledge.  He is thorough in imparting this knowledge and does so with total compassion for the dying and the living.  I underscored many passages in this work and especially appreciated someone telling me (chapter 8) what can I expect in the way of physical signs as mom goes through the dying process. This book is very user friendly having a very readable quality. I strongly recommend it
     This collection of stories and essays by David Sedaris definitely contains a lot of variety.  Overall, I found the way the stories were dripping with sarcasm delightful.  Some stories were a bit dry, but others such as "SantaLand Diaries" and "Diary of a Smoker" had me laughing out load.  However, the best stories I found were the ones such "Season's Greetings to our Friends and Family!!!" which I had to think about before fully understanding and laughing at their humor.  I would definitely like to read more of Sedaris' works, especially those based on his real-life experiences as, overall, I found the collection of essays in this book more entertaining than the stories
 Guys and Dolls is a fantastic musical, and this vocal selections book is a good representation of it. Unfortunately, some songs like Marry The Man  Today, My Time Of Day, Follow The Fold and The Oldest Established have been  left out from the book, but that is the price you pay, or rather don't pay,  when you don't buy the full vocal score. However, this book will satisfy  fans of the show, complete with pictures from the original 1950 Broadway  production, the 1955 film, and the New 1992 Broadway Revival. Definately,  this book is a good buy
 Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and KritiquesCourtesy of CK2S Kwips and KritiquesNicolae Carpathia continues his reign of terror over the world, destroying any who dare to oppose him. Followers of Carpathianism suffer one indignity after another with their water supply being turned to blood and their bodies breaking out in hideous boils and sores.Nicolae Carpathia continues his reign of terror over the world, destroying any who dare to oppose him. Followers of Carpathianism suffer one indignity after another with their water supply being turned to blood and their bodies breaking out in hideous boils and sores.Angels of God appear to believers all over the world to encourage them and keep their faith strong. The tribulation Force continues to resist Carpathia as they prepare for what is expected to come... the ultimate desecration of the Church by the false god.Angels of God appear to believers all over the world to encourage them and keep their faith strong. The tribulation Force continues to resist Carpathia as they prepare for what is expected to come... the ultimate desecration of the Church by the false god.This story started to pick up again after the two previous books failed to keep this reviewer's interest, who was glad to discover that continued determination to read the whole series was worth it. There are more examples in this installment of what attracted millions to the Left Behind series.This story started to pick up again after the two previous books failed to keep this reviewer's interest, who was glad to discover that continued determination to read the whole series was worth it. There are more examples in this installment of what attracted millions to the Left Behind series.Characters continue along the lines drawn for them by their personalities, with readers taking pleasure in experiencing the continued adventures along with the Trib Force and Tsion Ben Judah. However, be forewarned, the culmination of certain characters' individual stories will make readers sit up and shout "What the heck was that?" or "THAT is what happens to them?"Characters continue along the lines drawn for them by their personalities, with readers taking pleasure in experiencing the continued adventures along with the Trib Force and Tsion Ben Judah. However, be forewarned, the culmination of certain characters' individual stories will make readers sit up and shout "What the heck was that?" or "THAT is what happens to them?"The story continues with plenty of adventure for the players and the natural progression of their faith... or lack thereof. Desecration will captivate readers enough to make them hold on to find out what will happen next.The story continues with plenty of adventure for the players and the natural progression of their faith... or lack thereof. Desecration will captivate readers enough to make them hold on to find out what will happen next.? Kelley A. Hartsell, January 2006. All rights reserved
 The author brought more than the story of the battle to light.  He was able to give insight into the lives of the sailors and their thoughts during the battle
 &quot;I&quot; is for I think you would like this book if you read it.  It was a little bit wordy at the beginnig but each page gets better than the one before.  You will be glad you got past the first few pages because it gets a lot more interesting as you go along.  And the ending of this book is really something else, it makes the whole book well worth reading.  I really liked the book and I think you will too
 You know that guy down the street who acts awful snake-like?  What about the cashier at Walmart who is catty?  And there are always people in our lives that could easily be one of many species of monkeys.  Neil Gaiman shows through fiction that there may be more to these strange characters in our lives than we realize.   In this novel, gods (which represent animals) roam the earth in the bodies of humans.  The main character is the clever, trouble-loving spider who interacts with other animal-gods in everyday human life.  This book, along with other science fiction books, has given me an appreciation of the creativity of the human imagination. You know that guy down the street who acts awful snake-like?  What about the cashier at Walmart who is catty?  And there are always people in our lives that could easily be one of many species of monkeys.  Neil Gaiman shows through fiction that there may be more to these strange characters in our lives than we realize.   In this novel, gods (which represent animals) roam the earth in the bodies of humans.  The main character is the clever, trouble-loving spider who interacts with other animal-gods in everyday human life.  This book, along with other science fiction books, has given me an appreciation of the creativity of the human imagination. The strong point of this novel is the humor employed by Neil Gaiman.  On par with Douglas Adams, the author of Anasi Boys fills the pages with quirky, pop-culture laden humor.  The main character, Fat Charlie, I found much in common with.  His awkward moments with friends, family and everyone else reveal a social insecurity that many are familiar with.  The story, however, isn't anything special.  I like witches and animal-gods as much as the next guy, but the plot is uninteresting.  It is a rare book that combines wit with plot, and this is not one of those rare books. 
 Wow..I LOVE this book! The recipes are creative and the presentations beautiful. I love the simplicity of each recipe, which give the warmth and richness of traditional old fashioned taste with a twist of the class &amp; sophistication of today's refined culinary experience!  Sara's food philosophy and the atmosphere she has created in her market has been my dream. I'm living it through her cookbook right now
 The use of an Integrated Development Environment [IDE] for a user to learn a language in, and to then program within, is well known. Microsoft has made powerful IDEs for its languages. And the open source Eclipse can be used for Java. Along these lines, Ducasse offers his book. It teaches Smalltalk using the Squeak IDE. The use of an Integrated Development Environment [IDE] for a user to learn a language in, and to then program within, is well known. Microsoft has made powerful IDEs for its languages. And the open source Eclipse can be used for Java. Along these lines, Ducasse offers his book. It teaches Smalltalk using the Squeak IDE. The twist is that Squeak uses the visual metaphors of robots and robot factory, to convey the crucial concepts of objects/classes. As Ducasse explains, Squeak can be directed at an audience that is perhaps of high school age or even younger. So a clear visual feedback between example code and what the student sees then happen is vital, given her limited background and possibly limited attention span. The twist is that Squeak uses the visual metaphors of robots and robot factory, to convey the crucial concepts of objects/classes. As Ducasse explains, Squeak can be directed at an audience that is perhaps of high school age or even younger. So a clear visual feedback between example code and what the student sees then happen is vital, given her limited background and possibly limited attention span. Squeak uses Smalltalk in part because that is a very minimalist language. If you come from C++, Java or C#, you may be struck by its simplicity, compared to the oodles of classes and notational intricacies of those languages. Which of course also makes it easier for a young student to learn Smalltalk or Squeak itself.Squeak uses Smalltalk in part because that is a very minimalist language. If you come from C++, Java or C#, you may be struck by its simplicity, compared to the oodles of classes and notational intricacies of those languages. Which of course also makes it easier for a young student to learn Smalltalk or Squeak itself.I wonder a little about the book itself, though. A motivated high school student could easily use it. But for some younger students? In that situation, it may well be that the book could be best directed at a teacher, who can then instruct from it
 A very straight forward book by Jim Otto. There is a price when one wants to achieve or aspire to achieve glory on the gridiron. Jim Otto is that person and he candidly tells us what he was willing to sacrifice to reach that plateau. For the Raider fan at heart, or a football fan in general, this is the book to read
 Skeleton Man is another success for Tony Hillerman.  The usual well-planned mystery to solve, and more about three of my favorite characters, Joe, Jim, and Bernie who appreciate the desert so much
 In this fascinating collection of essays, Dr. Dalrymple proposes a compelling thesis. Over the last twenty-five years a new type of underclass has emerged in western societies, an underclass that uses the welfare system in all its forms, subsidised housing, free by-weekly pay checks, child support and free medical benefits. From a liberal political standpoint, this support for the nation's "have nots" is a compassionate gesture to take care of its own poor. One would logically assume that providing the poor with life's essentials would bring the crime rate down and provide incentive for these people to further their standing in society. In fact, as Dalrymple proposes, it has had an opposite effect: crime in his native England has skyrocketed; drug use is at an all time high and domestic violence is a wide spread common occurrence. Why? Liberal values not economics has created individuals that deny any responsibility for their own lives, it is always the rich, the government or societies institutions that is to blame, thus crime continues to rise while England's Welfare State has grown into an unwieldy Goliath.  In this fascinating collection of essays, Dr. Dalrymple proposes a compelling thesis. Over the last twenty-five years a new type of underclass has emerged in western societies, an underclass that uses the welfare system in all its forms, subsidised housing, free by-weekly pay checks, child support and free medical benefits. From a liberal political standpoint, this support for the nation's "have nots" is a compassionate gesture to take care of its own poor. One would logically assume that providing the poor with life's essentials would bring the crime rate down and provide incentive for these people to further their standing in society. In fact, as Dalrymple proposes, it has had an opposite effect: crime in his native England has skyrocketed; drug use is at an all time high and domestic violence is a wide spread common occurrence. Why? Liberal values not economics has created individuals that deny any responsibility for their own lives, it is always the rich, the government or societies institutions that is to blame, thus crime continues to rise while England's Welfare State has grown into an unwieldy Goliath.  Dalrymple has worked in numerous countries and has been an attending physician and psychiatric consultant in London's prisons for many years. Thus his thesis is not born from some abstract social theory about human behaviour. He has treated thousands of victims of domestic violence, consulted thousands of prisoners who have been incarcerated for petty crime to murder. The common thread that runs through all these cases is a pathological denial of responsibility for their own circumstances or conditions. Dalrymple has worked in numerous countries and has been an attending physician and psychiatric consultant in London's prisons for many years. Thus his thesis is not born from some abstract social theory about human behaviour. He has treated thousands of victims of domestic violence, consulted thousands of prisoners who have been incarcerated for petty crime to murder. The common thread that runs through all these cases is a pathological denial of responsibility for their own circumstances or conditions. As Dalrymple explains:As Dalrymple explains:"Like so many modern ills, the coarseness of spirit and behaviour grows out of ideas brewed up in the academy and among intellectuals - ideas that have seeped outward and are now having their practical effect on society. The relativism that has ruled the academy for many years has now come to rule the mind of the population." (P.85)"Like so many modern ills, the coarseness of spirit and behaviour grows out of ideas brewed up in the academy and among intellectuals - ideas that have seeped outward and are now having their practical effect on society. The relativism that has ruled the academy for many years has now come to rule the mind of the population." (P.85)In other words, this post modern notion that there is no high and low art, no good and bad, no subtlety and crudeness, only relative perspectives; taking this further, our behaviour too is not individually determined, but society and its oppressive inequalities that make me who I am, and a biological predisposition which causes me to steal from the old lady next door, beat my wife beyond recognition and consume drugs and alcohol like there is no tomorrow. The trickling down of these academic theories, biological determinism, Marxism and the post modern theory that there are no levels of hierarchical values, only difference, has created an underclass of victims who believe they should get something for nothing and commit crime because society has created them as victims as self-determinism does not exist.In other words, this post modern notion that there is no high and low art, no good and bad, no subtlety and crudeness, only relative perspectives; taking this further, our behaviour too is not individually determined, but society and its oppressive inequalities that make me who I am, and a biological predisposition which causes me to steal from the old lady next door, beat my wife beyond recognition and consume drugs and alcohol like there is no tomorrow. The trickling down of these academic theories, biological determinism, Marxism and the post modern theory that there are no levels of hierarchical values, only difference, has created an underclass of victims who believe they should get something for nothing and commit crime because society has created them as victims as self-determinism does not exist.Dalrymple provides numerous real life examples from his practice working in a hospital in London. His writing style is straight forward, at times literary but never sentimental. The arguments in these essays are persuasive and push the reader to examine the underlying modern ideologies that have created and sustain a well provided for underclass of criminal "victims". 
 This is a pretty good book.  However, I would have liked it better if the focus would have remained on the effect of Lincoln's depression on his life and that of his family rather than a psychological perspective
 A fraudulent marine biologist, whose wife is about to expose his cover-up of phosphate pollution of the Florida Everglades, tries to kill her by throwing her overboard from a cruise ship.  Unknown to him she survives and haunts him to punish him. It's a wonderfully comic page-turner, although the plot runs out of steam towards the end and the practical jokes played on the would-be murderer become repetitious. A few ends are left loose. It challenged comparison with the Florida novels of Elmore Leonard, such as "Maximum Bob" and "Stick" but it does not quite live up to the master. Some of the humor contrasting weird and wacky Floridians with stolid Upper Midwesterners seemed to derive from David Barry (and Euripides, Ovid and Tasso used the maiden-rescued -from-sea-monster gimmick).I thought this was his best since "Striptease." The intervening ones have been too incoherently plotted and (although I'm a tree-hugging whale- lover myself) overloaded with environmentalist politics.  Incidentally, isn't releasing alien snake species into the wild an environmental no-no? 
 I really don't understand all the negative reviews about this book.  I found it an easy to read pleasant mystery, with a main character in midlife turmoil I wanted to sympathize with.  J. A. Jance did an excellent job keeping the pace reasonably fast, while not losing the reader with extraneous characters. 
 In the month that I have been puting the teaching into practice,I have felt better like I haven't felt in eleven years. My weight is going down and my energy is increasing. I am getting a lot of compliments, and someone told me I look more like 31 than 51 which is my real age
 This is a simple, yet heartfelt and elegant tale of the lives and struggles of women in rural China of the 1920s and 1930s. The story centers on Pei, who as a young girl, is sold by her parents to work in a silk factory.  The story evolves as Pei befriends other women in the silk factory, participates in a strike for fair working conditions, reconnects with her family, loses loved ones, and escapes from advancing Japanese soldiers. The plot is succinct and the characters are interesting, varied, and believable, if perhaps lacking somewhat in psychological depth.  Socio-cultural aspects of life in 1920s-30s China are elegantly woven into the plot.  Themes of friendship, love, and courage are convincingly presented.  Overall, the book is a captivating read, and strongly recommended. 
 This thing sat on my shelf, half-read for the longest time.  Only the notice of the upcoming release this November of Pynchon's next got me motivated enough to dig into it again.  It's not that it isn't brilliant.  No one else around can dazzle you with so much wit and wonder.  The first encounter with the talking dog is as magical as anything you'll ever read.This thing sat on my shelf, half-read for the longest time.  Only the notice of the upcoming release this November of Pynchon's next got me motivated enough to dig into it again.  It's not that it isn't brilliant.  No one else around can dazzle you with so much wit and wonder.  The first encounter with the talking dog is as magical as anything you'll ever read.And it's not like this is the only Pynchon novel that takes some effort to get into.  There are plenty of folks who have had to to take a couple cracks at V or Gravity's Rainbow before catching the wave.  And it's not like this is the only Pynchon novel that takes some effort to get into.  There are plenty of folks who have had to to take a couple cracks at V or Gravity's Rainbow before catching the wave.  But Mason and Dixon is a lot of work, if for no other reason than the effort it takes dealing with the mid-18th century prose style.  (Can you imagine the effort it took to produce it?)  John Barth's Sotweed Factor is  similar, and yet somehow infinitely more accessible (and highly recommended!).  Pynchon's gift for rapid exposition is not necessarily suited to the constraint on verbal glibness.  Especially in a work this voluminous.But Mason and Dixon is a lot of work, if for no other reason than the effort it takes dealing with the mid-18th century prose style.  (Can you imagine the effort it took to produce it?)  John Barth's Sotweed Factor is  similar, and yet somehow infinitely more accessible (and highly recommended!).  Pynchon's gift for rapid exposition is not necessarily suited to the constraint on verbal glibness.  Especially in a work this voluminous.And yet the darn thing is consistently challenging, if one has the patience and energy to put into it.  It seemed to me that the beginning and ending were the best parts, but this could very well have everything to do to the enthusiasm one brings to a new book, and the emotional satisfaction one gain's when reaching towards the conclusion.  One thing for sure, for once Pynchon truly has plotted out and delivers a conclusion worthy of the whole work, as opposed to suddenly rushing out a trap door and leaving the reader in a state of suspension (which of course is also one of the many delights of his first three novels).  This time one gets the sense that the author has a good deal of affection for his featured players.  And yet the darn thing is consistently challenging, if one has the patience and energy to put into it.  It seemed to me that the beginning and ending were the best parts, but this could very well have everything to do to the enthusiasm one brings to a new book, and the emotional satisfaction one gain's when reaching towards the conclusion.  One thing for sure, for once Pynchon truly has plotted out and delivers a conclusion worthy of the whole work, as opposed to suddenly rushing out a trap door and leaving the reader in a state of suspension (which of course is also one of the many delights of his first three novels).  This time one gets the sense that the author has a good deal of affection for his featured players.  This book is a great as you want it to be, if you're willing to work at it.  I'm just looking forward to the next one being a little more nimble.  (Meanwhile, I've got a couple months to see if I can make more of a dent into The Recognitions.
 This is a great book.  I will not go into so much detail as the previous reviewers, but I must give credit where it is due.  Having read many books on the subject of the Bush White House including, "Fiasco," and "State of Denial," I did not think I would learn much more from this one.  I bought the book a few days ago, mainly because I like David Corn.  When I read it I was pleasantly surprised at how insightful it is.  I think along with the two books I mentioned earlier, this trio make up the essential reading on Bush, Iraq, and everything that can be encompassed in those broad categories.  If you could only read one, I would call it a dead heat between, "Hubris," and, "State of Denial."  If pressed I suppose I would have to give the edge to Hubris, as the writing was much less tedious I thought.  
 This audio-book was fantastic. It took off like a horse out of the starting gate at the Kentucky Derby and never let up.This audio-book was fantastic. It took off like a horse out of the starting gate at the Kentucky Derby and never let up.Vincente Callabrese is a part time enforcer/collector for the mob and part time movie producer student. When Vincente is asked to produce one of his classmates screen plays this is a start of a new career for Vincente.Vincente Callabrese is a part time enforcer/collector for the mob and part time movie producer student. When Vincente is asked to produce one of his classmates screen plays this is a start of a new career for Vincente.First a name change, from Vincente Callabrese to Michael Vincent. Then it's off to Hollywood where he rapidly becomes one of the hottest producers in the movie business.First a name change, from Vincente Callabrese to Michael Vincent. Then it's off to Hollywood where he rapidly becomes one of the hottest producers in the movie business.Unfortunately, Michael has a hard time shaking his past. When he tries to buy the movie rights to a novel and is refused, he asks his old friend Tommy Povenzano for help. Tommy assures Michael the he will help. This is the start of all of Michael's problems.Unfortunately, Michael has a hard time shaking his past. When he tries to buy the movie rights to a novel and is refused, he asks his old friend Tommy Povenzano for help. Tommy assures Michael the he will help. This is the start of all of Michael's problems.In typical Woods fashion this novel is a mover. Though this novel isn't full of excitement, it will keep you on the edge of your seat wanting to see what happens next. It doesn't take long between incidents.In typical Woods fashion this novel is a mover. Though this novel isn't full of excitement, it will keep you on the edge of your seat wanting to see what happens next. It doesn't take long between incidents.The bottom line here is that this is a book not to be missed.The bottom line here is that this is a book not to be missed.Choke Dead In the WaterOrchid BeachOrchid BeachThese are all other options by Mr. Stuart and I would recommend any of them.These are all other options by Mr. Stuart and I would recommend any of them.Though this book has not won any awards Mr. Woods won the Edgar Alan Poe award in 1982 and was nominated again in 1992. Once you have read or listened to this book you will understand why.
 Amy Tan writes about wonderful people. Amy Tan writes about wonderful people. Amy Tan creates exceptional characters.Amy Tan creates exceptional characters.Amy Tan will write you a story that is so rich and clear you can almost touch it.Amy Tan will write you a story that is so rich and clear you can almost touch it.That is what I love in reading Amy Tan. As your average southern white female, I'm not exactly versed in the world of Amy Tan's characters. But she takes me there. I find myself so completely involved in the world she writes about that I forget where I am. Isn't that why you pedalled your bicycle to the library in the summer when you were a kid? Amy Tan will remind you of that sense of discovery you had back then, when you were reading all the great classics for the first time and the discovery of it all was an addictive thrill that kept your library card smoking and well worn with use.That is what I love in reading Amy Tan. As your average southern white female, I'm not exactly versed in the world of Amy Tan's characters. But she takes me there. I find myself so completely involved in the world she writes about that I forget where I am. Isn't that why you pedalled your bicycle to the library in the summer when you were a kid? Amy Tan will remind you of that sense of discovery you had back then, when you were reading all the great classics for the first time and the discovery of it all was an addictive thrill that kept your library card smoking and well worn with use.She has a gift in her storytelling for expanding the universe. Read this book.
 I fail to understand the complaints of two previous reviewers. This beautiful glossy volume is an excellent compendium of previosly publisned Cook's Illustrated  recipes. In style and format it would make an excellent first choice for anyone wishing to be introduced to a selection of the best of the best recipes from America's Teet Kitchen (i. e. Cook's Illustrated) without the tediousness of having to wade through lengthy descriptions of how the recipes were arrived at.I fail to understand the complaints of two previous reviewers. This beautiful glossy volume is an excellent compendium of previosly publisned Cook's Illustrated  recipes. In style and format it would make an excellent first choice for anyone wishing to be introduced to a selection of the best of the best recipes from America's Teet Kitchen (i. e. Cook's Illustrated) without the tediousness of having to wade through lengthy descriptions of how the recipes were arrived at.The cooks at America's Test Kitchen test each recipe up to fifty! times, often in several versions before arriving at the what they (and their taste testers) feel is the very best recipe. No other cookbooks offer this degree of security to the home cook.The cooks at America's Test Kitchen test each recipe up to fifty! times, often in several versions before arriving at the what they (and their taste testers) feel is the very best recipe. No other cookbooks offer this degree of security to the home cook.Chapters include: Starters and Salads, Soups and Stews, Vegetables and Side Dishes, Eggs and Breads, Pasta, Meat, Poultry, Seafood, and Desserts. Throughout, are guides and charts to everything from grains to the best bakeware (also kitchen tested). The recipes range from familiar comfort food (e. g. Buttermilk Mashed Potatoes, Glazed Meatloaf, and Deep-dish Apple Pie) to "show-off" company fare (e.g. Baked Brie en Croute, Grill-roasted Chinese Style Duck, and Dark Chocolate Mousse). Chapters include: Starters and Salads, Soups and Stews, Vegetables and Side Dishes, Eggs and Breads, Pasta, Meat, Poultry, Seafood, and Desserts. Throughout, are guides and charts to everything from grains to the best bakeware (also kitchen tested). The recipes range from familiar comfort food (e. g. Buttermilk Mashed Potatoes, Glazed Meatloaf, and Deep-dish Apple Pie) to "show-off" company fare (e.g. Baked Brie en Croute, Grill-roasted Chinese Style Duck, and Dark Chocolate Mousse). If your looking for recipes that work everytime, do yourself a favor and purchase any Cook's Illustrated cookbook, including this one. You won't be dissappointed. If your looking for recipes that work everytime, do yourself a favor and purchase any Cook's Illustrated cookbook, including this one. You won't be dissappointed. 
 The book was very well writtem with great information on the amazing economy of China. The book is a must read for anyone interested in business or economy fields.
 I highly recommend this book.  It has changed the way I look at life and spirituality.  Nearly every line in the book is filled with profound meaning.  Additonally, the style is clear and the ideas accessible for anyone who is truly interested in spiritual fulfillment.  I am at greater peace with the world since having read this book. 
 This Bible blew me away when I went hunting for one a few months ago to give to a youth who had come into my life.  I was so impressed, I  bought one for myself.  This Bible is many things, but the first thing that I noticed, quite honestly, is that the colors were bright, the print readable, and the illustrations far less serious and far more engaging than your typical Bible.  Without growing to an unwieldy size, the editors manage to throw in a wealth of study information, written in a modern, friendly style, that helps make even the dryest or most confusing parts of the Good Book both understandable and relevant to today's society.  That is what makes it perfect for someone, like my young friend, who is unfamiliar with religion, Christianity, or just plain old Bible study.  It's less intimidating that most Bibles and all material is presented in such a manner that you don't feel "unprepared" if you pick it up cold.  Catholics are often les familiar with the Bible than many Protestant denominations, as we have a wholistic focus that is both valuable and worthwhile--however, a better relationship and understanding of the Word can only enhance one's spiritual life and experience as a Catholic.  If that applies to you (which, I have to admit, it did to me) this is a wonderful way to get your feet wet in Biblical translation, discussion, interpretation, and modern relevance.  Who won't like this Bible?  1 - Those more familiar and attached to more formal translations such as the King James Version 2 - Those already familiar with intensive Bible study, IF not working with youth or those less familiar 3 - most Protestants...the discussion is from a very clear Catholic viewpoint...not really controversial, just Catholic 4 - and traditionalists who are offended by the idea of making the Bible "accessible" and "relevant" through use of the lingo/parlance and point of view of today's under-25 set.  I believe one reviewer felt that the Bible didn't need to be made culturally relevant, finding the sidebars on race, cultural differences, modern morality, and varying interpretations to be just another extension of the "Political Correctness" movement. I couldn't disagree more.  The Bible should be the one book that everyone can "see themselves" in should they seek such a thing.  This Bible does that for a new generation of Catholics and for a new, hesitant group of explorers.  I'd ballpark the appropriate age for this version at around 13-35 years
 I handsold so many copies of this book that my local bookstore accused me of emptying out the warehouse so they couldn't order any more.  Reid strives for a journalistic impartiality here but he is so excited by the current evolution of political life in Europe that he carries you along.  I especially love the story of little Portugal, which has unilaterally decided that drugs are no longer a criminal matter but a medical one.  The US could learn from that example, and from many other European examples in this book.  When you read the story about GE and Honeywell, you'll realize we're going to have to, because they're going to teach us whether we want to learn or not
 Stephen King has made another novel full of horror and suspense.  The biggest storm ever is about to hit a town called Little Tall Island in Maine. While this storm is occuring a strange gentleman named Andre Linoge stops to visit.  He walks up to a home owned by an old woman Martha Clarendon. Linoge charges in the old womans home and brutily murders her.  Later, he purposly lets the police department arrest him
 Currently, educational studies are being revealed, which are showing that students of minority heritage (particularly Black and Latino) have an affinity towards InterPersonal learning and Tactile learningCurrently, educational studies are being revealed, which are showing that students of minority heritage (particularly Black and Latino) have an affinity towards InterPersonal learning and Tactile learningInterpersonal = learning through being social and group workInterpersonal = learning through being social and group workTactile = learning by building or constructing thingsTactile = learning by building or constructing thingsOur current educational institutions, especially high school and below, cater to Auditory (hearing) and Intrapersonal (introverted, little group work) learnersOur current educational institutions, especially high school and below, cater to Auditory (hearing) and Intrapersonal (introverted, little group work) learnersSo in total, poverty and language barriers are likely not the biggest culprit towards our low school scores, in areas of economic problems ----- rather, it is the fact that teachers are not teaching to the strengths of our children - as a matter of fact, most children are being taught within the areas of their learning weaknessesSo in total, poverty and language barriers are likely not the biggest culprit towards our low school scores, in areas of economic problems ----- rather, it is the fact that teachers are not teaching to the strengths of our children - as a matter of fact, most children are being taught within the areas of their learning weaknessesWith that in mind, FRAMES OF MIND is one of the first books to distiguish the way we learn and how to cater to itWith that in mind, FRAMES OF MIND is one of the first books to distiguish the way we learn and how to cater to itWithin this book lies the best solutions to our educational system, and its only a matter of getting the teachers to facilitate their lesson plans differentlyWithin this book lies the best solutions to our educational system, and its only a matter of getting the teachers to facilitate their lesson plans differentlyI highly recommend this book - especially to those who are interested in seeing what the future of America is all abou
 I have purchased probably 5 business plan books and software packages over the last 8 years. None of them were clear enough or easy enough to get me through the process of writing a good, complete business plan. This one really works. I sat down with the book and software, and over the course of a week, wrote a business plan that has received great results. Every business owner needs a business plan and this is somethig that you really do have to do for yourself. Unfortunately, writing a good business plan does not come easily to many people. This book will get you through the process, and you will end up with a good plan. My only complaint is that the software is windows only
 I love this book.  I listened to it on tape.  The storey started out a tiny bit slow but oh is the story good!  I recommend this book to anyone who likes romance, not real graphic but very sweet, and suspense.  Oh this book is so good.  Hammond Cross is the ideal man and Dr. Lad is just as sweet and classy as can be.  The end is the best.  Hammond struggles with doing what is right and what is ethical.  Very good book!  Two thumbs up to Ms. Brown!
 I found this book in a little store in a vacation spot.  I thought is was the cutest, most unusal selection of dogs and sayings I've ever seen.  It's the kind of book that just lifts your spirits and makes you feel good all over.  A wonderful gift for any dog lover in your life.  Wonderful photos and inspirational dialogue. You just want to keep picking it up and perusing the contents. Fun book
 The book was excellent, as I knew it would be because I like the author, Wendell Berry.  And the service could not have been better: the book is in excellent condition (like new) and came in an amazingly short time
 My order arrived quickly and for a used book it was in excellent shape, looking like new. I won't hesitate to order from this company again. Thank yo
 This is the best Rich Dad book to date.  The book is filled with priceless information that 90% of people in the U.S.(particularly baby-boomers) are clueless about today.  This is the best Rich Dad book to date.  The book is filled with priceless information that 90% of people in the U.S.(particularly baby-boomers) are clueless about today.  Most Rich Dad fans will know that Kiyosaki's books tend to talk about the same general principles and don't touch on many new and groundbreaking concepts.  This book, however, is the exception.  I learned so many eye-opening things from this masterpiece.  It has truly changed my life and the way I look at money.  Do yourself a favor and BUY THIS BOOK.   
 Best of the series so far. Alternating the action between the two older siblings in one chapter and Sunny in the next really worked for me
 I listened to Isaac's Storm on CD while painting a room, and it made the time fly!  The CD rendition was clearly spoken and had excellent production value.  That said, I also loved the story.  I am a weather-hound, and I enjoyed the detail of the way in which the nation maintained it's weather bureau.  (I had recently read "The Children's Blizzard" and I would consider this as a nice companion book for we weather-hounds.)  The descriptions from survivors was threaded effectively along with a panoramic view of the Galveston tragedy.  I have not read the book, but I found the CD riveting.
 In his book Trading Risk, Ken Grant draws upon his experience as a risk manager for Tudor Investments and SAC Capital to create an insightful and surprisingly non-technical guide for traders and portfolio managers.  As Director of Trader Development at a large proprietary trading house, I have been impressed with the role risk management plays in the success of the firm and its individual traders.  Moreover, this is a scalable difference: risk management very much impacts the outcomes of individual trades, results of trading days, and performance across entire quarters.  Where I believe Grant has admirably succeeded is in documenting that risk management is much more than simply "cutting your losses".  Trading Risk systematically breaks down elements of the process of managing trades, from the establishment of concrete objectives to the allocation of risk capital to specific trades and the use of correlation analysis in evaluating trading results.  His discussions of adjusting portfolio exposure and evaluating the risk components of individual trades are highly practical and encourage a rigor of self-analysis that is rarely practiced.In his book Trading Risk, Ken Grant draws upon his experience as a risk manager for Tudor Investments and SAC Capital to create an insightful and surprisingly non-technical guide for traders and portfolio managers.  As Director of Trader Development at a large proprietary trading house, I have been impressed with the role risk management plays in the success of the firm and its individual traders.  Moreover, this is a scalable difference: risk management very much impacts the outcomes of individual trades, results of trading days, and performance across entire quarters.  Where I believe Grant has admirably succeeded is in documenting that risk management is much more than simply "cutting your losses".  Trading Risk systematically breaks down elements of the process of managing trades, from the establishment of concrete objectives to the allocation of risk capital to specific trades and the use of correlation analysis in evaluating trading results.  His discussions of adjusting portfolio exposure and evaluating the risk components of individual trades are highly practical and encourage a rigor of self-analysis that is rarely practiced.Perhaps an example from my own work with traders that overlaps Grant's ideas might be illustrative.  I encourage traders to keep a log of all their trades that tracks time of day, position taken, position size, holding period, and profit/loss (P/L).  Changes to the position are also documented, as traders scale into or out of trades.  From this record, we can evaluate a host of performance statistics, such as position sizing as a function of market volume/volatility, the correlation of profitability with trade size/holding period, and patterns of activity within the trading day.  While Grant's background is with portfolio management-appropriate to a manager who is holding a basket of positions in a variety of equities-his ideas are easily adaptable to the intraday trader who is trading a single instrument.  By viewing each trade during a day as an element of that day's "portfolio", we can ask important questions about the mix of position sizes, overall directional bias, and the management of volatility as a function of trade capital/loss limits.     Perhaps an example from my own work with traders that overlaps Grant's ideas might be illustrative.  I encourage traders to keep a log of all their trades that tracks time of day, position taken, position size, holding period, and profit/loss (P/L).  Changes to the position are also documented, as traders scale into or out of trades.  From this record, we can evaluate a host of performance statistics, such as position sizing as a function of market volume/volatility, the correlation of profitability with trade size/holding period, and patterns of activity within the trading day.  While Grant's background is with portfolio management-appropriate to a manager who is holding a basket of positions in a variety of equities-his ideas are easily adaptable to the intraday trader who is trading a single instrument.  By viewing each trade during a day as an element of that day's "portfolio", we can ask important questions about the mix of position sizes, overall directional bias, and the management of volatility as a function of trade capital/loss limits.     Written in an engaging style with bits of humor interspersed, Trading Risk ends with a practical chapter that summarizes the book's major points.  He explains the importance of developing and modifying trading plans, defining one's trading "edge", judiciously allocating risk capital, and improving performance "at the margin".  This latter point is a particularly neglected element in risk management.  For the active, large trader, the ability to squeeze the extra tick out of trades is frequently the difference between a winning day and a losing one.  Superior traders have an ability to read the very short-term patterns of price change and momentum to determine when it is prudent to hit the bid or let the market go offer in exiting a position.  At such points, good risk management and good trading are indistinguishable.Written in an engaging style with bits of humor interspersed, Trading Risk ends with a practical chapter that summarizes the book's major points.  He explains the importance of developing and modifying trading plans, defining one's trading "edge", judiciously allocating risk capital, and improving performance "at the margin".  This latter point is a particularly neglected element in risk management.  For the active, large trader, the ability to squeeze the extra tick out of trades is frequently the difference between a winning day and a losing one.  Superior traders have an ability to read the very short-term patterns of price change and momentum to determine when it is prudent to hit the bid or let the market go offer in exiting a position.  At such points, good risk management and good trading are indistinguishable.I have few reservations about Grant's book.  A text of 250 pages is not going to provide many workbook-like examples, something that would help the more mathematically challenged master the ideas of value-at-risk and correlation analysis.  Small retail traders who trade only occasionally will probably find the risk metrics less compelling than larger, active traders or portfolio managers, though the basic principles emphasized in the last chapter certainly apply to any serious trader.  Considering the absence of serious discussions of risk management in the popular trading literature, Trading Risk is a major contribution and a worthy addition to a library.  I plan to use it as a core reading in our training program for new traders, perhaps the best endorsement I can give.
 Once again I am amazed by the amount of controversy associated with a book addressing a religious subject.  I bought this to get a better feel for the Old Testament [operative word is "feel"].  As a Roman Catholic, the Old Testament is addressed in the first reading at Mass, but then brushed over for the most part in a cursory manner.  It is particularly confusing, hard to read, and difficult to understand in proper context, without some help.  In fact there are portions of the Old Testament that just seem cruel and ridiculous.  Davis's book helps to demonstrate that it was written by people, in a certain time and place, and within a historical milieu.  It may not maintain the historical accuracy some may like, but it is sufficient to be effective.  Once again I am amazed by the amount of controversy associated with a book addressing a religious subject.  I bought this to get a better feel for the Old Testament [operative word is "feel"].  As a Roman Catholic, the Old Testament is addressed in the first reading at Mass, but then brushed over for the most part in a cursory manner.  It is particularly confusing, hard to read, and difficult to understand in proper context, without some help.  In fact there are portions of the Old Testament that just seem cruel and ridiculous.  Davis's book helps to demonstrate that it was written by people, in a certain time and place, and within a historical milieu.  It may not maintain the historical accuracy some may like, but it is sufficient to be effective.  It is just too simplistic to look to the Bible for all answers; as if it were some sort of statutory code, with the answers to all questions.   The search and answers for truth are never ending, and the Bible is a beginning.  I get more from Catholic writers who explore the Bible and the traditions of my religion relative to our world, than I do from the book itself.  Davis is throwing in his spin, as well as a pretty accurate assessment of the Bible in historical context, which I found quite helpful.  It is just too simplistic to look to the Bible for all answers; as if it were some sort of statutory code, with the answers to all questions.   The search and answers for truth are never ending, and the Bible is a beginning.  I get more from Catholic writers who explore the Bible and the traditions of my religion relative to our world, than I do from the book itself.  Davis is throwing in his spin, as well as a pretty accurate assessment of the Bible in historical context, which I found quite helpful.  Take it for what is worth, a spin in a convertible through the Bible.  A nice ride, but nothing more. 
 I was fortunate enough to have seen the now-legendary Vermeer exhibition at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. during the winter of 1995-96.  21 out of the 35 (or 36) extant paintings by Vermeer were included in the show, offering a unique opportunity to see the bulk of Vermeer's amazing works in a single space, something that no one has experienced since 1696, when @20 of his paintings were auctioned in Delft.  Given the rarity and fragility of Vermeer's works, it is unlikely that such an event will ever be repeated. All who were unable to make it to the show, however, have this splendid book as a document of this unique event.  This book will remain the standard work on Vermeer for many decades, and represents the fruit of several years' labor by art historians on two continents. Because so little is in fact known about Vermeer the man (in truth, we have no idea at all what Vermeer's education, interests, and personality were like), the catalogue essays fill this gap by contextualizing Vermeer's work within the history of Dutch painting, the development of perspective, and the fascinating tale of Vermeer's &quot;rediscovery&quot; in the 19th century and his richly-deserved rise to worldwide fame. The essays and catalogue entries may be too technical for some readers, as the authors have expended a lot of effort to reconstruct Vermeer's exact technique, something which can only be gleaned from careful study of the paintings themselves (no drawings by Vermeer have survived, nor have any statements he may have made about painting).  This extensive scholarly apparatus, while illuminating and occasionally even riveting (the essay dealing with Vermeer's rediscovery is a great detective narrative!), tends to obscure the strange, even uncanny emotional charge that his images are suffused with.  Vermeer's personal world - so limited in content yet unforgettably haunting and evocative - is one of stillness and peace suffused with tension.  Each image contains remarkable spatial and temporal ambiguities that make simple scenes like a lady writing a letter while her maid looks away or two people standing near a piano (The Music Lesson) vibrate with dramatic tension.  Sadly, the somewhat passionless writing encases the pictures (all of which are superbly reproduced) in a rhetoric that does not address the fundamental issue: What is it about these paintings that is so powerful that their maker was rescued from total obscurity and has inspired poetry, novels and countless studies?  I was hoping to find some discussion of the psychological meaning of these images, but the traditional (overly scholarly and dry) art history within did nothing to help me understand my passion for the &quot;Sphinx of Delft.&quot;  That said, the book is a masterpiece of empirical research on the artist (barring some new discovery, it is unlikely that we will ever have any more facts about Vermeer and his world than can be read here), exquisitely designed, and distinguished with beautiful reproductions.  The volume is certainly one of the few bestsellers in the field of the art book - when I attended the show, the paperback print of the book was totally sold out and the hardcover was flying off the shelves (it is odd that the book has not been reprinted in paperback).  Johannes Vermeer is THE text to have on this artist and is unlikely to be superseded anytime soon.  Immerse yourself in Vermeer's world and you will be transformed.  Seeing this exhibition changed my life, and I treasure this book as a means of recapturing the awe and joy that overwhelmed me at the time.  I hope you will enjoy this book as much as I have
 In the "New Work of Dogs,"author Jon Katz expands his scope from focusing on his relationship with his dogs---a topic he has detailed in previous books---to examining the canine-human relationship on a broader scale.In the "New Work of Dogs,"author Jon Katz expands his scope from focusing on his relationship with his dogs---a topic he has detailed in previous books---to examining the canine-human relationship on a broader scale.Informed by arduous research (a two foot stack of papers, books, journals), he sets out and succeeds in making a case that dogs, by-and-large, are doing different work from their traditional herding, hunting, and guarding. We have pushed our canines into new territory as emotional companions, therapy dogs, even extensions of our egos to help us cope with an increasingly complex world. Informed by arduous research (a two foot stack of papers, books, journals), he sets out and succeeds in making a case that dogs, by-and-large, are doing different work from their traditional herding, hunting, and guarding. We have pushed our canines into new territory as emotional companions, therapy dogs, even extensions of our egos to help us cope with an increasingly complex world. The notion that we are growing increasingly isolated as a culture is not new, but seeing how humans are using dogs to cope with a society that no longer maintains the cultural bearings of "the greatest generation" is new (at least to me).The notion that we are growing increasingly isolated as a culture is not new, but seeing how humans are using dogs to cope with a society that no longer maintains the cultural bearings of "the greatest generation" is new (at least to me).Mr. Katz visits with many dogs and their owners of various social economic strata who inhabit the enclaves of Montclair, New Jersey.  More often than not, he found that dogs are being used as emotional surrogate, a classic situation noted in attachment theory but hitherto mostly applied to other people. Many of these dogs are pampered, untrained, and confused. Others are abused to some extent, whether through deliberate actions or through negligence. Mr. Katz visits with many dogs and their owners of various social economic strata who inhabit the enclaves of Montclair, New Jersey.  More often than not, he found that dogs are being used as emotional surrogate, a classic situation noted in attachment theory but hitherto mostly applied to other people. Many of these dogs are pampered, untrained, and confused. Others are abused to some extent, whether through deliberate actions or through negligence. The stories are alarming and informing. I see many of the mistakes I made with previous dogs laid out before me and wonder if my two Australian shepherds are as well-adjusted as they seem. The stories are alarming and informing. I see many of the mistakes I made with previous dogs laid out before me and wonder if my two Australian shepherds are as well-adjusted as they seem. Many reviewers have commented, and correctly, that anyone planning to own a dog needs to read this book. Sadly, I think Mr. Katz will largely reach those people who already possess a great deal of knowledge about dogs---those who train their dogs, who buy or adopt breeds suitable for their living conditions or schedules, and who treat their dogs with consistent, loving authority.Many reviewers have commented, and correctly, that anyone planning to own a dog needs to read this book. Sadly, I think Mr. Katz will largely reach those people who already possess a great deal of knowledge about dogs---those who train their dogs, who buy or adopt breeds suitable for their living conditions or schedules, and who treat their dogs with consistent, loving authority.Mr. Katz does not make harsh judgments on any of the circumstances he depicts but instead concludes by noting how many dogs are dumped in shelters where they languish or die. The numbers are staggering. Mr. Katz does not make harsh judgments on any of the circumstances he depicts but instead concludes by noting how many dogs are dumped in shelters where they languish or die. The numbers are staggering. And he takes matters a step further with the thought-provoking idea that if we have dog rescue groups, how can we not also have their counterparts to reach out to those of our own species in dire need. And he takes matters a step further with the thought-provoking idea that if we have dog rescue groups, how can we not also have their counterparts to reach out to those of our own species in dire need. 
 Quirky and creative pictorial portrayel of man's best friend.  Makes the reader feel warm and fuzzy.  A great gift book.  Arlene Millman, author of BOOMERANG - A MIRACLE TRILOGY (The tale of a remarkable Boston Terrier)
 I found this book on my own before going to get my MBA and was always a bit embarrased to admit that I had learned more from this book than any other (it's design makes it look a bit elementary).  I was pleasantly surprised to see that my Finance professor at the MBA program (Babson - the #1 entrepreneurship program 11 years running) brought it out on the first day and said it was a "must" for any businessperson's library!I found this book on my own before going to get my MBA and was always a bit embarrased to admit that I had learned more from this book than any other (it's design makes it look a bit elementary).  I was pleasantly surprised to see that my Finance professor at the MBA program (Babson - the #1 entrepreneurship program 11 years running) brought it out on the first day and said it was a "must" for any businessperson's library!It is a fantastic resource - don't let the look fool you
 lIKE A MYSTERY NOVEL AT FIRST THEN LIKE A FICTIONAL JOKE BUT CRAZY AS IT SOUNDS IT WORKS. It is intresting to apply the guidlines Bob recommends for getting out of the rut of lifes financial strifes and other problems of life. I found it easy to understand and even if it challenges your lifes beliefs keep reading . Good Stuf
 I loved this story.  It was written in true steel fashion...exciting, interesting, and fullfilling
    While this book had some minor flaws (I'll discuss those briefly later), it is worth owning, especially since it is one of the few books to truly discuss the creative process of Cirque Du Soleil and how the rest of us can learn from what the performers do every day- the type of risks they take in hopes of creating magic, the beauty and spiritual resonance of their performances.   While this book had some minor flaws (I'll discuss those briefly later), it is worth owning, especially since it is one of the few books to truly discuss the creative process of Cirque Du Soleil and how the rest of us can learn from what the performers do every day- the type of risks they take in hopes of creating magic, the beauty and spiritual resonance of their performances.There is another book out there that explores one man's experiences with one performer and it is also intriquing but this new book reveals more about a wider variety of artists, directors, designers, etc.There is another book out there that explores one man's experiences with one performer and it is also intriquing but this new book reveals more about a wider variety of artists, directors, designers, etc.There is another book out there that explores one man's experiences with one performer and it is also intriquing but this new book reveals more about a wider variety of artists, directors, designers, etc.    And, for all those who've watched and been entranced by a Cirque du Soleil performance...wouldn't we all like to create a little of that magic in our lives? Wouldn't we all like to ignite our own creative fires, even if they come out in different ways, perhaps in writing, perhaps in our work lives or the time we spend with our families or while alone.      And, for all those who've watched and been entranced by a Cirque du Soleil performance...wouldn't we all like to create a little of that magic in our lives? Wouldn't we all like to ignite our own creative fires, even if they come out in different ways, perhaps in writing, perhaps in our work lives or the time we spend with our families or while alone.      And, for all those who've watched and been entranced by a Cirque du Soleil performance...wouldn't we all like to create a little of that magic in our lives? Wouldn't we all like to ignite our own creative fires, even if they come out in different ways, perhaps in writing, perhaps in our work lives or the time we spend with our families or while alone.     One of the main lessons I got from this book is that being fully open as possible to one's imagination, hopes, dreams and aspirations can lead in wondrous directions and affect even the most "practical" or mundane tasks of life. It just takes the willingness to take the risk, to accept failure and setbacks in return for spiritual and emotional growth and lifechanging experiences.    One of the main lessons I got from this book is that being fully open as possible to one's imagination, hopes, dreams and aspirations can lead in wondrous directions and affect even the most "practical" or mundane tasks of life. It just takes the willingness to take the risk, to accept failure and setbacks in return for spiritual and emotional growth and lifechanging experiences.    This is more than a book geared to artists and peformers. It truly is for the rest of us. It can change your life.    This is more than a book geared to artists and peformers. It truly is for the rest of us. It can change your life.     Having said that, I found myself wanting more, felt myself not quite fully satisfied by this book. I felt some of the sections were a little too pat or formulaic. But these are minor quibbles when the book offers so much and is one of the few  books that really explores the Cirque du Soleil creative process. Until a better one comes along, I'd consider this a MUST for anyone wanting to know more about the secrets and techniques of the Cirque du Soleil "spark", a spark that can affect us all. 
 Yes, it's cliche. Yes, the plot is lifted directly from Star Wars. Yes, there are obvious references to Anne McCaffrey, Tolkien and other fantasy writers. But who cares?Yes, it's cliche. Yes, the plot is lifted directly from Star Wars. Yes, there are obvious references to Anne McCaffrey, Tolkien and other fantasy writers. But who cares?Eragon is, above all else, an enjoyable read. Despite underlying flaws in the writing, Paolini effectively tells a rewarding good-versus-evil story in a clearly-defined world, with a well-thought-out magic system and a realism Tolkien could never muster. Sure, Eragon has its critics (mostly aspiring writers that have not enjoyed Paolini's success), but if you can ignore their blustering and simply take the book at face value, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised. Although not as epic or impressive as some of the older fantasy works, Eragon is nonetheless, a great read
 I just read this book cover to cover on a flight back to NYC from Barcelona.  My mouth watered as I read the included reprints of her past reviews of NYC restaurants - even after my five days of fantastic Spanish cuisine!  But more surprisingly, I was drawn in by what seems to be quite an honest glimpse of the NYC restaurant experience seen through the eyes of many "characters".  The book left me such respect for the depths that Ruth Reichl went through in order to dine as the everyday person would experience, especially in NYC's "best" restaurants.  Her recounts made me actually appreciate the research and dedication required to write a truly objective (as objective as food tastes get, I suppose) review.  A very easy and enjoyable read.
 I just read this book cover to cover on a flight back to NYC from Barcelona.  My mouth watered as I read the included reprints of her past reviews of NYC restaurants - even after my five days of fantastic Spanish cuisine!  But more surprisingly, I was drawn in by what seems to be quite an honest glimpse of the NYC restaurant experience seen through the eyes of many "characters".  The book left me such respect for the depths that Ruth Reichl went through in order to dine as the everyday person would experience, especially in NYC's "best" restaurants.  Her recounts made me actually appreciate the research and dedication required to write a truly objective (as objective as food tastes get, I suppose) review.  A very easy and enjoyable read.John Falk takes the reader on the journey of his escape from depression.  And while medicine plays a key part in his freedom, we also see how a brutal and bloody war also plays a role.John Falk takes the reader on the journey of his escape from depression.  And while medicine plays a key part in his freedom, we also see how a brutal and bloody war also plays a role.His description of his illness is juxtaposed nicely against teh atrocities of war and his insights into himself and the war are poingant.His description of his illness is juxtaposed nicely against teh atrocities of war and his insights into himself and the war are poingant.A good read
 Give up dieting forever! I have and I am now losing weight eating anything, yes anything, I want.  Can you imagine eating anything you want and not being frightened?  This is the book that will set you free, this is the book you need. Has it struck you that dieting is unnatural?  Don't eat this, don't eat that, count this, count that, measure this, measure that, I can't have this, and I can't have that, ad nauseum.  Which diet guru are you going to believe?  Can you reall stay with a low-carb diet or a high-carb diet or calorie counting the rest of your life?  Most importantly, do you want to stick to a restricted diet the rest of your life?  The first day of my new eating pattern I ate two meals.  The second day, I woke up with no hunger, no reactive hypoglycemia (nausea and shakes from hunger)!  What a miracle.  I have shifted to an apple for lunch and anything I want for dinner (I love to cook and desire to eat with my family).  At maintenance, I may end up eating two meals a day; I don't know and it certainly isn't something to &quot;worry&quot; about.  The diet gurus that say one meal will cause you to overeat later, etc., are wrong, wrong, wrong.  Maybe it sounds theoretically correct, but it does not work that way.  Listen, I have found out the less you eat, the less you eat.  I do eat to satisfaction at dinner and it does not stretch my stomach.  By the way, Dr. Dean Edell stated on his radio show that he only eats one meal a day himself.  He says there is NO scientific proof that X number of meals are better than one.  Also, I want you dear readers to know that I have four friends who are &quot;naturally&quot; slim (adult women - 30's and 40's). Two of them eat a small amount for lunch (like a small hamburger) and a good dinner (they are sizes 3 and 6).  One gal eats at 2:30 PM, a huge amount, and a snack at night (she is size 7).  One gal does nibble all day, like a potato chip here and there (no thank you, personally).  Oh, and a relative who is size 4 eats breakfast and dinner, never lunch.  Remember my comeback for sabotagers:  &quot;Slim people don't need much food, even if we exercise.  Who says a certain number of meals a day are better than one or two?&quot;  The only negative thing I have to say about Diane's book is that I felt she took scripture out of context.  God fed the Israelites manna 2X a day; they were supernaturally filled and nourished.  He does not feed anyone manna today.  Also, biblical gluttony is not overeating (I do believe a lifestyle of overeating is sin, but not gluttony).  Biblical gluttony refers to the Roman-type parties where people overate, overdrank and went on to commit more sin.  On the positive side, I do believe Diane tries steer away from legalism and authoritarianism.  This book is an answer to prayer.  You won't be sorry if you buy this book
 I really liked this one because of the characters... and of course the background being about wine.. and the lifestyle of those who create it :)  I definitely recommend this one.
 James Patterson at his best. 5th in a series and I can't wait for the 6th.Page turning with characters I can relate to
 This book provides the reader with a clear, basic understandingof the grounding of popular opinion regarding gay life during the last50 years.  While the history is too rich and detailed to be dealt within a book with this scope, this is a remarkably readable and valuable thumbnail of the currents of the public discourse on gay life, and should provide any reader with an understanding of how crucial and new gay civil rights really are.  I only hope that it will inspire others whose experience of being gay is a relatively new one to realize how important political activism and community still is.  Not only that, a very engaging read
 Loved it. Highly suggest it. Couldn't put it down
 With over 1000 recipes, this cookbook is going to take some time to truly put through it's paces, but I've had great results with the few dishes I've tried so far.  The Turkey Wraps with Chipotle Mayo rocked, with a gem of a condiment included - pickled red onion.  I'd use that on any sandwich, anytime.  The sauces for Halibut with Spicy Asian Vinaigrette (really a sambal vinaigrette) and Wasabi Cream were awesome.  Veggie dishes like Asparagus with Shallot and sesame seeds add a special touch to everyday dinners.  With over 1000 recipes, this cookbook is going to take some time to truly put through it's paces, but I've had great results with the few dishes I've tried so far.  The Turkey Wraps with Chipotle Mayo rocked, with a gem of a condiment included - pickled red onion.  I'd use that on any sandwich, anytime.  The sauces for Halibut with Spicy Asian Vinaigrette (really a sambal vinaigrette) and Wasabi Cream were awesome.  Veggie dishes like Asparagus with Shallot and sesame seeds add a special touch to everyday dinners.  Granted, I haven't even put a dent in the vast amount of dishes represented in this massive cookbook - but so far so good!  I picked this up a few months agao as a remainder and paid about 10.00 for it - about a penny a recipe!  What a deal
 if you ever eat fast food after reading this book, you obviously didnt read it. it covers how the fast food industry has changed america for the worst. how they manipulate kids into eating fast food. the conditions of the animals that are raised to be eaten. the diet of the animals. what goes on in the slaughter houses. how they have made the farmers go out of business. how the restarunts are run. fast food in schools and much more
 I think this is really an excellent book, one that I would highly recommend. Everyone should read this and realize the words of wisdom.  The authors do an EXCELLENT job of talking about why it is so important to eat well about all the benefits of proper diet and the dangers of improper diets.  And so on, and so forth.  Get the book and educate yourself
 Ever since Tuesdays With Morrie I have been intrigued by ALS and the ways that people cope with its devastating debilitation. Morrie has given us so much with his aphorisms and insights regarding living life
 I am admittedly a terrible cook, so I follow recipes to the letter, often with nonmagical results. With Julia Child in my kitchen, however, things are looking up! Her recipe for roast chicken was so exact that even I could not mess it up. That and the sauteed beef steaks are now my go-to dinners because they are easy and reliable.  I've also had great success with the quiche and biscuit recipes and look forward to trying breadmaking for the first time.  This book is essential for anyone out on his or her own for the first time, newlyweds, or people like me who just don't get it (but really want to)
 This is the best book on creating wealth that I've ever read. Study this book. It's full of action points... not a bunch of fluff
 What a wonderful book this author has written. It talks about developing interpersonal skills, public speaking skills, prospecting skills, networking etiquette, sales skills, marketing principles, and even customer service. It mentions the power of the Thank You note, and of giving more than you receive. It also devotes a chapter on some things about home-based businesses. And a chapter about the opportunities available through network marketing, and also a chapter on mail order and direct marketing as a business opportunity. I'm not sure the mail order chapter should have been included. Quite frankly, I think the author should have written another book about what he discusses in chapters 12 to 14 instead of including those chapters here. And I think Chapter 15 should have been saved for its own book, and not included in this book either. But who cares! Anybody interested in the main thrust of the book (endless referrals) is going to be interested in chapters 12 to 15 - and they are well written and informative.What a wonderful book this author has written. It talks about developing interpersonal skills, public speaking skills, prospecting skills, networking etiquette, sales skills, marketing principles, and even customer service. It mentions the power of the Thank You note, and of giving more than you receive. It also devotes a chapter on some things about home-based businesses. And a chapter about the opportunities available through network marketing, and also a chapter on mail order and direct marketing as a business opportunity. I'm not sure the mail order chapter should have been included. Quite frankly, I think the author should have written another book about what he discusses in chapters 12 to 14 instead of including those chapters here. And I think Chapter 15 should have been saved for its own book, and not included in this book either. But who cares! Anybody interested in the main thrust of the book (endless referrals) is going to be interested in chapters 12 to 15 - and they are well written and informative.What I liked the most about the book was the chapter summaries at the end of each chapter. I did not have to wade through the book the first time through. I just had to read the summaries. The other thing that was really nice about the book was the "recommended reading" sections at the end of chapters 12 through 15 and the one at the end of the book. Those booklists were very thorough and helpful. 5 stars
 'Conservatives Without Conscience' does nothing less than expose the matrix of political illusion with a comprehensive framework of science.  There is much more that could be said about the authoritarian character structure and the history of the science, but John Dean does a good job of explaining the basics, and how it applies to our modern political landscape.'Conservatives Without Conscience' does nothing less than expose the matrix of political illusion with a comprehensive framework of science.  There is much more that could be said about the authoritarian character structure and the history of the science, but John Dean does a good job of explaining the basics, and how it applies to our modern political landscape. This is not new information, it has just been sequestered in the hands of academics and the Carl Rove wing of the Republican party.  The academics keep measuring and refining their understanding, and Carl Rove and his party keeps using the information to manipulate the american public.  Finally, someone mainstream has laid it out for all to see.  Knowledge is power, so everyone should read his book.  However, one lesson to be learned from this book is that closed mindedness is a hallmark trait of the authoritarian character, so this is not a book written to convert anyone with strong authoritarian character traits.  They don't tend to read books much anyway.  It is a book  for the open minded, that will put into context our mean spirited political landscape,  the by any means necessary tactics of many named players, and the proto-fascist movement that has hijacked our country. This is not new information, it has just been sequestered in the hands of academics and the Carl Rove wing of the Republican party.  The academics keep measuring and refining their understanding, and Carl Rove and his party keeps using the information to manipulate the american public.  Finally, someone mainstream has laid it out for all to see.  Knowledge is power, so everyone should read his book.  However, one lesson to be learned from this book is that closed mindedness is a hallmark trait of the authoritarian character, so this is not a book written to convert anyone with strong authoritarian character traits.  They don't tend to read books much anyway.  It is a book  for the open minded, that will put into context our mean spirited political landscape,  the by any means necessary tactics of many named players, and the proto-fascist movement that has hijacked our country.John Dean pulls no punches.  He names names and kicks butt.  He gets a little dry when trying to define his wing of conservatism as opposed to neo conservatism, but even that is well worth the effort. If you have a shred of unease about the leaders of the Republican party and those who  unquestionably support them, then read this book.  It is an eye opener
 This is a must read for EVERY woman married or single who desires to have a better relationship with the men in their lives.  We all have men in our lives husband, father, brother, son, friend or coworker with whom the relationship is worth improving.  This is a must read for EVERY woman married or single who desires to have a better relationship with the men in their lives.  We all have men in our lives husband, father, brother, son, friend or coworker with whom the relationship is worth improving.  Keep in mind this is neither a marriage book nor a psychology book.  It is a book about men written for the women who truly care about them and the relationships they have with men.  There is a companion book written about women for men appropriately titled, "For Men Only."  Perhaps those who were offended by this book should give that one a try.Keep in mind this is neither a marriage book nor a psychology book.  It is a book about men written for the women who truly care about them and the relationships they have with men.  There is a companion book written about women for men appropriately titled, "For Men Only."  Perhaps those who were offended by this book should give that one a try.I found this book to be both touching and challenging.  Very Good book!!!
 From the beginning, Roberto was different.  He loved his wood, but he'd always rather play with his food than eat it.  More than anything he wanted to become a famous architect like his heroes, Hank Floyd Mite and Fleas Van Der Rohe.  Belittled at home by the other termites and never taken seriously, Roberto sets off for the big city to &quot;build his dreams.&quot;  Life in the city is hard, and not just for Roberto.  He meets all kinds of bugs with housing problems, including roaches chased from a diner, a housefly with no place to go and a poor ladybug whose house is on fire and children are gone.  Marshalling all his determination, Roberto decides to build a new community, that will meet the needs of these out-of-luck bugs and maybe make his architect dreams come true at the same time..... Nina Laden has written and illustrated a delightful and amusing story with a most improbable hero and youngsters will be rooting for Roberto as he chases and finally realizes his heart's desire, in his bug eat bug world.  Ms Laden's witty text, full of creative wordplay, will charm adults as well as children and her outstanding collage artwork, so full of wonderful detail, really brings this story to life.  A terrific picture book for youngsters 4-8, Roberto the Insect Architect lets everyone know that with hard work, your dreams can come true
 While the Brooklyn Bridge is the oldest of the bridges crossing the East River, it's one of the strongest, sturdiest and will most likely outlast the Manhattan and Williamsburg bridges. John Roebling and his son, Washington, did not know how the forces of nature and bridge loads would affect their bridge. Given this gap in their knowledge they overcompensated by building a bridge capable of withstanding forces many times greater than would ever be applied to their structure. While the Brooklyn Bridge is the oldest of the bridges crossing the East River, it's one of the strongest, sturdiest and will most likely outlast the Manhattan and Williamsburg bridges. John Roebling and his son, Washington, did not know how the forces of nature and bridge loads would affect their bridge. Given this gap in their knowledge they overcompensated by building a bridge capable of withstanding forces many times greater than would ever be applied to their structure. But the Roeblings' gaps in knowledge also worked against them. One of the most interesting portions of the book is where McCullough discusses the pressurized caissons beneath the East River where Washington Roebling and many his workers spent their time. Few doctors or engineers at the time knew how high pressure environments would affect the human body. The quick changes in pressure killed workers and left many, including Washington, with a condition known as the bends. Washington's wife, Emily, was forced to transform herself into chief engineer while Washington struggled with the bends.But the Roeblings' gaps in knowledge also worked against them. One of the most interesting portions of the book is where McCullough discusses the pressurized caissons beneath the East River where Washington Roebling and many his workers spent their time. Few doctors or engineers at the time knew how high pressure environments would affect the human body. The quick changes in pressure killed workers and left many, including Washington, with a condition known as the bends. Washington's wife, Emily, was forced to transform herself into chief engineer while Washington struggled with the bends.There are lots of fascinating facts and tidbits throughout this book on the bridge and the people involved with its construction.   McCullough's book is much more about the politics and people behind Brooklyn Bridge rather than the engineering. I would have preferred to read more about the engineering techniques, but I  still found this book reasonably engaging.
 This book gives insight to how the mind with a purpose (of being a millionare)looks at everything he does. An easy read and highly recommended
 I have bought many books in my life, but Randy Gage's "Why You're Dumb, Sick and Broke" is the first time I ever bought a book with a parental advisory warning for explicit language. Gage does things a little differently than anyone else, which is something I quickly discovered when reading this book. This book is brash, to the point and filled with insight and inspiration. I thought that Gage presented his points in a well thought out manner that really took the establishment on head on.I have bought many books in my life, but Randy Gage's "Why You're Dumb, Sick and Broke" is the first time I ever bought a book with a parental advisory warning for explicit language. Gage does things a little differently than anyone else, which is something I quickly discovered when reading this book. This book is brash, to the point and filled with insight and inspiration. I thought that Gage presented his points in a well thought out manner that really took the establishment on head on.Many points presented in the book are in other personal development books. However, I don't know of any book that has all these points in one book. Even Gage himself admits in an interview that this is a combination of Think and Grow Rich, The Secret, Ayn Rand and several other books and cd's.Many points presented in the book are in other personal development books. However, I don't know of any book that has all these points in one book. Even Gage himself admits in an interview that this is a combination of Think and Grow Rich, The Secret, Ayn Rand and several other books and cd's.A lot of it you have heard before, like if you say you are broke, then you will always be broke. However, I didn't realize how much the mainstream media and the political establishment are contributing to our negative, broke thoughts. Most frightening of all, I learned why the establishment needs us to be broke in order to keep their power. I am taking Randy's lead and watching less TV, especially the news. That's the worst of all!A lot of it you have heard before, like if you say you are broke, then you will always be broke. However, I didn't realize how much the mainstream media and the political establishment are contributing to our negative, broke thoughts. Most frightening of all, I learned why the establishment needs us to be broke in order to keep their power. I am taking Randy's lead and watching less TV, especially the news. That's the worst of all!There is also a nice introduction to Libertarianism and the works of Ayn Rand. As a Libertarian myself, I was delighted to see this included in the book. With recent reports circulating about Britain on the verge of becoming a police state, this warning about big government couldn't have come at a more appropriate time.There is also a nice introduction to Libertarianism and the works of Ayn Rand. As a Libertarian myself, I was delighted to see this included in the book. With recent reports circulating about Britain on the verge of becoming a police state, this warning about big government couldn't have come at a more appropriate time.As expected, Randy does make a plug for MLM, but this is by no means an MLM book. The MLM plug is just a few short pages. However, it is still a nice resource for MLM people to use for third party credibility. He also mentioned real estate and information marketing as good businesses as well. I must be smart, healthy and rich, as I am already involved in all three.As expected, Randy does make a plug for MLM, but this is by no means an MLM book. The MLM plug is just a few short pages. However, it is still a nice resource for MLM people to use for third party credibility. He also mentioned real estate and information marketing as good businesses as well. I must be smart, healthy and rich, as I am already involved in all three.I found myself nodding in agreement to this book. I also found a lot of places where I was thinking, "Oh, I'm not the only one who this this way. Why hasn't this been mentioned before in the press?" Other times, I thought, "Oh my god, I am being really manipulated here." While he was "preaching to the choir" with me, I'm sure that many people with more "mainstream" views will feel more challenged reading this book.I found myself nodding in agreement to this book. I also found a lot of places where I was thinking, "Oh, I'm not the only one who this this way. Why hasn't this been mentioned before in the press?" Other times, I thought, "Oh my god, I am being really manipulated here." While he was "preaching to the choir" with me, I'm sure that many people with more "mainstream" views will feel more challenged reading this book.Bottom line, if you love MLM get 10 copies of this book, if you support the Libertarians, get 10 copies of this book. If you are like me and love them both, get 25 copies.Bottom line, if you love MLM get 10 copies of this book, if you support the Libertarians, get 10 copies of this book. If you are like me and love them both, get 25 copies.About the authorCarlos Scarpero is the host of the Network Marketing Minute podcast and the creator of the Success Duplicator downline building system. [...
 King did an excellent job keeping you guessing in this one.  There were some areas that could have been condensed and were sometimes confusing.  For the most part, not bad.  Would make a good movie
 The authors map out clear, effective and proven strategies for rewarding parenting in this excellent well-written guide. An imaginative approach was called for when my 16 year old boy Jonathan threatened to barricade himself in his bedroom using just twigs, leaves, and his own spittle and dung, and this guide provided just that. There's nothing wrong with setting parameters, the authors say, just as long as that are not arbitrary or capricious and they are clearly articulated - and for crying out loud why should he be allowed to act like a nesting African Hornbill under my roof
 Tony Hillerman once again takes us into the world of the Navajo with Jim Chee and the legendary Joe Leaphorn of the Navajo Tribal Police. I read this for the first time some years ago, and this entry in the long-running series is very exciting. It has a lot of atmosphere and Leaphorn and Chee are fleshed out more than usual in this terrific read.Tony Hillerman once again takes us into the world of the Navajo with Jim Chee and the legendary Joe Leaphorn of the Navajo Tribal Police. I read this for the first time some years ago, and this entry in the long-running series is very exciting. It has a lot of atmosphere and Leaphorn and Chee are fleshed out more than usual in this terrific read.Both Chee and Leaphorn are dealing with personal issues as this one begins. Chee hasn't quite figured out how he feels about Mary leaving him because he could not leave his Navajo way of life behind and move to the city with her. He is smitten with a pretty Navajo attorney named Janet but she's with someone else. Leaphorn meanwhile, is on terminal leave and retiring after the unexpected death of his beloved wife Emma. Niether he or Chee can explain his obsession with finding a missing pot hunter named Eleanor Friedman-Bernal. No Navajo would be involved, as stealing pots like this would make one a "Thief of Time" according to Navajo tradition.Both Chee and Leaphorn are dealing with personal issues as this one begins. Chee hasn't quite figured out how he feels about Mary leaving him because he could not leave his Navajo way of life behind and move to the city with her. He is smitten with a pretty Navajo attorney named Janet but she's with someone else. Leaphorn meanwhile, is on terminal leave and retiring after the unexpected death of his beloved wife Emma. Niether he or Chee can explain his obsession with finding a missing pot hunter named Eleanor Friedman-Bernal. No Navajo would be involved, as stealing pots like this would make one a "Thief of Time" according to Navajo tradition.Chee's letting a rather large backhoe get stolen right from under his nose will have ties to Leaphorn's investigation, and once more Chee will be helping Leaphorn all across the Navajo territory. This one will stretch all the way into Utah and down the San Juan River. Leaphorn will be reminded of a young boy's death by drowning before this one wraps up, and it will have unexpected ties to his search for Eleanor.Chee's letting a rather large backhoe get stolen right from under his nose will have ties to Leaphorn's investigation, and once more Chee will be helping Leaphorn all across the Navajo territory. This one will stretch all the way into Utah and down the San Juan River. Leaphorn will be reminded of a young boy's death by drowning before this one wraps up, and it will have unexpected ties to his search for Eleanor.It seems Eleanor was looking for pots made by the Anasazi, a tribe that simply vanished from the face of the earth. Pictographs and petroglyphs of Kokopelli, the "Watersprinkler," will play a vital part in this mystery. But Eleanor's interest is also anthropological, and someone thinks what she's discovered is worth killing for.It seems Eleanor was looking for pots made by the Anasazi, a tribe that simply vanished from the face of the earth. Pictographs and petroglyphs of Kokopelli, the "Watersprinkler," will play a vital part in this mystery. But Eleanor's interest is also anthropological, and someone thinks what she's discovered is worth killing for.Leaphorn and Chee will be hundreds of miles apart when they reach the same conclusion in this complex mystery. One will have to race to the other as things turn ugly, and two very different men will find commom ground when Leaphorn asks the unexpected of young Chee.Leaphorn and Chee will be hundreds of miles apart when they reach the same conclusion in this complex mystery. One will have to race to the other as things turn ugly, and two very different men will find commom ground when Leaphorn asks the unexpected of young Chee.Hillerman's descriptions of the thousand foot cliffs along the San Juan River at night, under a sky filled with Navajo mystery, will enthrall you. This is a good mystery and quite possibly the best in the series. You don't want to miss this one
 Mark Levine really, really, really knows his stuff.Mark Levine is really, really, good at explaining what he knows.Mark Levine is really, really, good at explaining what he knows.Note: This book is not for beginners, but if you're ready to expand your jazz skills, there is no better book I've seen (except for his Jazz Piano book!)
 The position enjoyed by Mohammed as a prophet of God is disputed by his unprovoked attacks on innocent people - Islam was spread by use of the sword.  Because Americans are poorly educated on religious history in general and Middle Eastern History in particular, this book is a must read.  It is a single source for how Islam became as powerful as it is today.  The Editor uses multiple sources to document the facts necessary to allow the reader to support the assertion that Islam is a violent religion
 Reading WAR AND PEACE is an immense undertaking, which has less to do with page numbers and more to do with addressing some very fundamental questions about what it means to be human. The first time that I read it, I read it as a novel, for entertainment. Years later, I picked it up again but this time my task was more ambitious. I sought to know how Tolstoy could justify the ways of God to man.  During this second reading, I was able to examine the Russian names, characters, events, and historical occurrences which occupied me the first time through. What I saw was that each of the hundreds of individuals was very much linked to the concluding Epilog, which I scanted then but studied now. Most readers of WAR AND PEACE find this part heavy going, which it certainly is, but in it, Tolstoy creates a key for unlocking the reasons who we are and why we do things the way we do. In essence, each human being is like an atom of gas floating in space, with one atom colliding at random with another, but when a sufficient number act in concert, such as Napoleon's invasion of Russia, their force is irresistable. When Tolstoy introduces world leaders like Napoleon or the Tsar, he does so in such a way as to depict them as no more than one more free floating atom, who can not see the Big Picture any more clearly than anyone else can.  The tragic decisions of these misguided leaders are based on a collective illusion that they and they alone can use divinely inspired reason to affect lasting change.  But when human beings act as if they acknowledge that their powers of reason are both limited and self-deluding--as when General Kutuzov relies on looking inward toward instinct rather than outward toward other circling and equally misguided atoms, then they are drawing closer to a universal "one" with nature.  This "one" Tolstoy invests with religious overtones as synonymous with God. Tolstoy does not say that human beings are preprogrammed robots held in thrall by that "one" or any other deity, but he does say that history, time, and man are all part of a universal flow that swoops along all in its path, and that if any intelligent atom wishes to know which way the flow is likely to go, then he might wish to emulate General Kutuzov, who at least knows that humbleness in the face of chaos is the first step in finding a rational basis for who we are and where we are going. 
 Marvelous story with historical concepts and involment leading the reader to intrigue and fascination.  Buy this book.
 (W is not really number one.)(W is not really number one.)Ritter's book is best summed up by Ritter in these 4 paragraphs from the Epilogue;Ritter's book is best summed up by Ritter in these 4 paragraphs from the Epilogue;"The notion of the war in Iraq resulting from an intelligence failure is very convenient for all parties involved. The intelligence community can simply say that intelligence is a tricky business, and sometimes you get it wrong. This, of course, provides a convenient excuse for the politicians, and compliant media, to contend that they were simply acting in the public interest based upon the information they were given..."The notion of the war in Iraq resulting from an intelligence failure is very convenient for all parties involved. The intelligence community can simply say that intelligence is a tricky business, and sometimes you get it wrong. This, of course, provides a convenient excuse for the politicians, and compliant media, to contend that they were simply acting in the public interest based upon the information they were given......In the end, to accept the concept of Iraq as an intelligence failure, one must first accept the premise that the USA was implementing, as its primary objective for Iraq, the Security Council's resolutions on disarmament. This argument is simpy not sustainable. The behavior of the United States government and its intelligence agencies during my time as an inspector was not that of a government that was serious about disarmament. Support for UNSCOM's mission was, at best, tailored to the political imperatives at any given time. There was a total willingness to compromise the integrity of UNSCOM (and with it the whole notion of multilateral disarmament) for short-term tactical advantages in the battle between the US and Iraqi regimes. Towards the end of the inspections era, elements of the US government actively sought to make UNSCOM's job more difficult by cutting it off from intelligence sources. Disarmament was simply not the USA's principal policy objective in Iraq after 1991. Regime change was....In the end, to accept the concept of Iraq as an intelligence failure, one must first accept the premise that the USA was implementing, as its primary objective for Iraq, the Security Council's resolutions on disarmament. This argument is simpy not sustainable. The behavior of the United States government and its intelligence agencies during my time as an inspector was not that of a government that was serious about disarmament. Support for UNSCOM's mission was, at best, tailored to the political imperatives at any given time. There was a total willingness to compromise the integrity of UNSCOM (and with it the whole notion of multilateral disarmament) for short-term tactical advantages in the battle between the US and Iraqi regimes. Towards the end of the inspections era, elements of the US government actively sought to make UNSCOM's job more difficult by cutting it off from intelligence sources. Disarmament was simply not the USA's principal policy objective in Iraq after 1991. Regime change was.The CIA was designated as the principal implementer of this policy. Therefore, when one looks at the March, 2003 invasion of Iraq and the subsequent removal of power of the government of Saddam Hussein, the only conclusion that can be reached is that the CIA accomplished its mission. Iraq was, in fact, a great intelligence victory, insofar as the CIA, through its manipulation of the work of the UN weapons inspectors and the distortion of fact about Iraq's WMD programs, maintained the public perception of an armed and defiant Iraq in the face of plausible and plentiful evidence to the contrary. We now know that both the US and UK intelligence services had, by July 2002, agreed to 'fix the intelligence around policy'. But the fact remains that, at least as far as the CIA is concerned, the issue of 'fixing intelligence around policy' predates July 2002, reaching as far back as 1992 when the decision was made to doctor the intelligence about Iraqi SCUD missile accounting, asserting the existence of missiles in the face of UNSCOM inspection results which demonstrated that there were none.The CIA was designated as the principal implementer of this policy. Therefore, when one looks at the March, 2003 invasion of Iraq and the subsequent removal of power of the government of Saddam Hussein, the only conclusion that can be reached is that the CIA accomplished its mission. Iraq was, in fact, a great intelligence victory, insofar as the CIA, through its manipulation of the work of the UN weapons inspectors and the distortion of fact about Iraq's WMD programs, maintained the public perception of an armed and defiant Iraq in the face of plausible and plentiful evidence to the contrary. We now know that both the US and UK intelligence services had, by July 2002, agreed to 'fix the intelligence around policy'. But the fact remains that, at least as far as the CIA is concerned, the issue of 'fixing intelligence around policy' predates July 2002, reaching as far back as 1992 when the decision was made to doctor the intelligence about Iraqi SCUD missile accounting, asserting the existence of missiles in the face of UNSCOM inspection results which demonstrated that there were none.As an American, I find it very disturbing that the intelligence services of my country would resort to lies and deceit when addressing an issue of such fundamental importance to the security of the USA. Intelligence, to me, has always been about the facts. When intelligence is skewed to fit policy, then the entire system of trust that is fundamental in a free and democratic society is put at risk. Iraq, and the role of the CIA in selling the war with Iraq, is a manifestation of such a breach of trust."As an American, I find it very disturbing that the intelligence services of my country would resort to lies and deceit when addressing an issue of such fundamental importance to the security of the USA. Intelligence, to me, has always been about the facts. When intelligence is skewed to fit policy, then the entire system of trust that is fundamental in a free and democratic society is put at risk. Iraq, and the role of the CIA in selling the war with Iraq, is a manifestation of such a breach of trust."We've been had. On the Grand Scale. The problem of "politicization of intelligence" is clearly a bi-partisan issue.We've been had. On the Grand Scale. The problem of "politicization of intelligence" is clearly a bi-partisan issue.I'm recommending this book for anyone who seeks the truth about Iraq's WMD's. I'm giving this book 5/5 stars just for delivering up the truth, damn the consequences
 It's been awhile since I had a really good crime mystery read.  Therefore, I was excited when The Cold Moon by Jeffery Deaver arrived at the library.  The latest Lincoln Rhyme novel delivered just what I was looking for...  twists, turns, and plenty of forensic work.It's been awhile since I had a really good crime mystery read.  Therefore, I was excited when The Cold Moon by Jeffery Deaver arrived at the library.  The latest Lincoln Rhyme novel delivered just what I was looking for...  twists, turns, and plenty of forensic work.The plotline here starts out on two tracks.  A killer nicknamed The Watchmaker is murdering people using slow torture techniques.  His signature is leaving a particular clock style at the scene. Rhyme and Amelia Sachs, his partner, are put on the case in order to solve it before more people die.  Sachs is also running her own case involving an apparent suicide that really turns out to be a murder.  The murder points to a run-down bar where a group of cops meet on a regular basis.  There's a strong chance that the cops are corrupt, so Sachs has to step carefully as it's not clear who she can trust.  The two cases converge when The Watchmaker is captured but the reality of his killings turn out to be a carefully staged plan to expose the corruption that Sachs is investigating.  But the layering of deception goes even deeper than that, and Rhyme has to continue to dig through each apparent motive and story to finally get to the core truth behind The Watchmaker...The plotline here starts out on two tracks.  A killer nicknamed The Watchmaker is murdering people using slow torture techniques.  His signature is leaving a particular clock style at the scene. Rhyme and Amelia Sachs, his partner, are put on the case in order to solve it before more people die.  Sachs is also running her own case involving an apparent suicide that really turns out to be a murder.  The murder points to a run-down bar where a group of cops meet on a regular basis.  There's a strong chance that the cops are corrupt, so Sachs has to step carefully as it's not clear who she can trust.  The two cases converge when The Watchmaker is captured but the reality of his killings turn out to be a carefully staged plan to expose the corruption that Sachs is investigating.  But the layering of deception goes even deeper than that, and Rhyme has to continue to dig through each apparent motive and story to finally get to the core truth behind The Watchmaker...If you want plot twists and turns, this book will definitely satisfy.  There are a number of scenes that appear to be transpiring in one fashion, only to be something else entirely.  The layering of plots by the killer never seems to end, and each new revelation ends up being the start of a new level of distraction.  A couple of the twists seemed to be a bit over the top, but not so much as to put me off the story.  It's a book I really didn't want to put down, even though I had other things I should be doing..
 This was the first book by Johnson I read, though my mentors and teachers spoke of him often. The information about the mandorla was particularly helpful, giving a visual and archetypical model for holding the energy of the apparently opposite forces in a space of new possibility. This was the first book by Johnson I read, though my mentors and teachers spoke of him often. The information about the mandorla was particularly helpful, giving a visual and archetypical model for holding the energy of the apparently opposite forces in a space of new possibility. Johnson writes that if I can be with the opposites, at the point of their intersection and stay with my conflicting thoughts and impulses long enough, the two will teach each other something and produce an insight that serves both... produce something utterly new instead of win, lose or compromise.  Johnson writes that if I can be with the opposites, at the point of their intersection and stay with my conflicting thoughts and impulses long enough, the two will teach each other something and produce an insight that serves both... produce something utterly new instead of win, lose or compromise.  The key appears to be that every real solution has to grow from the unique situation I face. Formulas, how-to's, devices and processes can never be enough in such moments. Referring to my own past for an experiential reference or to another's experience or advice can't do it, either, because it prevents or sidetracks the point of unlimited potential that wants to appear in and emerge out of each unique encounter.The key appears to be that every real solution has to grow from the unique situation I face. Formulas, how-to's, devices and processes can never be enough in such moments. Referring to my own past for an experiential reference or to another's experience or advice can't do it, either, because it prevents or sidetracks the point of unlimited potential that wants to appear in and emerge out of each unique encounter.I liked what Maria had to say in her post: "Meet your shadow", dated November 22, 2003. She said she gave it only 4 stars because he doesn't tell how to DO that is described as possible in the book... I felt a little of that, too. And I have since appreciated the blessing of not being told how until I've done a bit of my own struggle with my own opposites in many life situations. I liked what Maria had to say in her post: "Meet your shadow", dated November 22, 2003. She said she gave it only 4 stars because he doesn't tell how to DO that is described as possible in the book... I felt a little of that, too. And I have since appreciated the blessing of not being told how until I've done a bit of my own struggle with my own opposites in many life situations. A book I found to be a perfect companion to this one is "I of the Storm - Embracing Conflict, Creating Peace", by Gary Simmons. I highly recommend it in addition to this book. It addresses some of the questions I felt about the nature of conflict after finishing Owning Your Own Shadow, in a way that shed light into my life. I am very appreciative of both books. A book I found to be a perfect companion to this one is "I of the Storm - Embracing Conflict, Creating Peace", by Gary Simmons. I highly recommend it in addition to this book. It addresses some of the questions I felt about the nature of conflict after finishing Owning Your Own Shadow, in a way that shed light into my life. I am very appreciative of both books. 
 Liz Perle does a really nice job in "Money, A Memoir" of weaving statistics, professional studies, and other people's experiences with her own personal experience and insight.  While many parts of her book sound familiar (e.g., women shopping when they're in a slump) it does look below the surface at some of the root causes of our unhealthy relationship with money and why we differ vastly from men in that regard.  The other thing I appreciated about the book was that Perle doesn't claim to have all the answers, and explains how she was able to find a happy medium in her relationship with money, which to me sounded like something I could attempt and achieve.  Thanks, Liz for a very important memoir that women of all ages should read
 On Nation, Underprivileged is a timely discussion of an issue that impacts us all.  In his book, Professor Rank carefully crafts a compassionate, analytical and innovative approach for addressing poverty in our country. This is a must read for all (especially policy makers).On Nation, Underprivileged is a timely discussion of an issue that impacts us all.  In his book, Professor Rank carefully crafts a compassionate, analytical and innovative approach for addressing poverty in our country. This is a must read for all (especially policy makers).    
 This book is the most eye-opening, amazing, enlightening and practical work I have ever read. There were so many jewels of wisdom and edifying anecdotes in these pages. Anyone who is serious about improving their relations with others on the job and socially should read this work with the utmost attention. If everyone practiced these simple principles, this society would be truly utopian. That is why I bought 12 of them: to be able to give it to friends and associates who I believe would really benefit from it
 Michael Haller's life revolves around criminal defense, his an attorney operating out the back of his Lincoln town car. His appearance sharply dressed and charmed mannerism makes him a very approachable guy, people either called him Mick or Mickey. Tall, dark and Intelligent with his good looks and Irish blood lines made him a catch. In the court room he was very together with great timing, in his personal life it was a mess, at last count he had two ex wives and one daughter. His father long deceased was also a famous defense attorney; another pressure of expectation in life he felt he had to live up to, his father wrote books and practised law that didn't have room for innocent clients, so far Mickey had spent most of his life worrying that he just wouldn't recognize innocence if it came along. Being an Independent operator he ran his business with his own private detective on his bankroll, he was also chauffeured around by an ex client who couldn't afford to pay his fees. In total he kept four Lincolns for another enterprise on the horizon encase things turned sour, what he was really looking for was a franchise player, a case to keep the cash rolling, point blank a meal ticket. Michael Haller's life revolves around criminal defense, his an attorney operating out the back of his Lincoln town car. His appearance sharply dressed and charmed mannerism makes him a very approachable guy, people either called him Mick or Mickey. Tall, dark and Intelligent with his good looks and Irish blood lines made him a catch. In the court room he was very together with great timing, in his personal life it was a mess, at last count he had two ex wives and one daughter. His father long deceased was also a famous defense attorney; another pressure of expectation in life he felt he had to live up to, his father wrote books and practised law that didn't have room for innocent clients, so far Mickey had spent most of his life worrying that he just wouldn't recognize innocence if it came along. Being an Independent operator he ran his business with his own private detective on his bankroll, he was also chauffeured around by an ex client who couldn't afford to pay his fees. In total he kept four Lincolns for another enterprise on the horizon encase things turned sour, what he was really looking for was a franchise player, a case to keep the cash rolling, point blank a meal ticket. Louis Ross Roulet dealt in LA property he was a rich playboy, currently booked on charges of ag-assault, GBI, and attempted rape, and although his arrest charges looked bad these could always be dropped to something less by the time he made court. Mickey couldn't believe his luck not only a rich client but looking at the evidence it was stacked in favour to get him off the hook. This was all too easy, in fact with sharp tactics of negotiation and manipulation it was an open and shut case. Just as he was on a roll Mickey's close friend is murdered he begins to have second thoughts about his case something just didn't sit right, in his search for innocence had he instead stumbled upon something more sinister or maybe something just plain evil. Louis Ross Roulet dealt in LA property he was a rich playboy, currently booked on charges of ag-assault, GBI, and attempted rape, and although his arrest charges looked bad these could always be dropped to something less by the time he made court. Mickey couldn't believe his luck not only a rich client but looking at the evidence it was stacked in favour to get him off the hook. This was all too easy, in fact with sharp tactics of negotiation and manipulation it was an open and shut case. Just as he was on a roll Mickey's close friend is murdered he begins to have second thoughts about his case something just didn't sit right, in his search for innocence had he instead stumbled upon something more sinister or maybe something just plain evil. This is the first time in a long time that I have picked up a book based on a court room drama; but this book is much more than just that. Michael Connelly has done a wonderful job; his close collaboration with real life defense attorneys has paid off with their knowledge shining through; well written and easy to follow so you don't get lost in the jargon of law, especially for someone like me who is not familiar with the US law system. I'm hoping very much that Mr. Connelly will be able to entwine the exciting lawyer Mickey Haller in other books going forward, Congratulations to Michael Connelly for a rollercoaster read. This is the first time in a long time that I have picked up a book based on a court room drama; but this book is much more than just that. Michael Connelly has done a wonderful job; his close collaboration with real life defense attorneys has paid off with their knowledge shining through; well written and easy to follow so you don't get lost in the jargon of law, especially for someone like me who is not familiar with the US law system. I'm hoping very much that Mr. Connelly will be able to entwine the exciting lawyer Mickey Haller in other books going forward, Congratulations to Michael Connelly for a rollercoaster read. A.Bowhil
 This is the best book available on the Great Storm of 1900 and its effect on Galveston, Texas. An unbelievable amount of research obviously went into it. Very well written. Highly recommended
 McNeill calls American Indians and Africans little more than the victims of the West in this book. He explains that they have little role in the development of culture (which he sees as passing from society to society from Mesopotamia on, like some sort of conceptual Olympic torch) and some get it and others do not. It is an outdated and bigoted way to see cultural history, and difficult to read without cringing. McNeill calls American Indians and Africans little more than the victims of the West in this book. He explains that they have little role in the development of culture (which he sees as passing from society to society from Mesopotamia on, like some sort of conceptual Olympic torch) and some get it and others do not. It is an outdated and bigoted way to see cultural history, and difficult to read without cringing. That said, the book contains marvelous elements. Few writers will explain with his brevity and mastery how cultures have passed elements, one to another, over the expanse of time; few writers can convey the forward momentum of history as McNeil. So with all its faults, it is very worthy book, certainly worth reading while keeping in minds its somewhat dramatic shortcomings
      Red Lily is clearly the best book in the series.  While reading this one I could visualize the scenes.  This book would make a good movie, but I can't decide under what category it would fit into.  Although it's clearly a romance portions of the book would definitely be considered a thriller.  With all the talk of a ghost (as the rest of the series) this book it isn't a believable read as much as a fun read.     
 For those that are avid readers of journalistic works such as this one, you would absolutely enjoy every moment rummaging through the pages.  Statistics are provided but never to the point of being too dry and too boring for the readers to read through.  The writer endeavours to shed lights for us ramifications of China and its muscle power.  Instead of branding China as a villain, we need to understand that without support from purchasers who are looking for the cheapest bargains, China wouldn't be where it is now.  Wal-Mart is covered in detail.  The writer gives us a projection that if car manufacturing industry is heading the same direction of products manufacturing, it's only a matter of time before prices for cars would plummet quite considerably in the future when China has perfected its manufacturing bases just as Japan and South Korea had done before it.  Then, there's another discussion about the shifting of population from countryside into urban centres where manufacturing bases are located, and how China is able to sustain the supply of cheap labour.  China's progress isn't simply detrimental to other countries.  On contrary, it benefits them as well.  For example, Australia is having a boom right now due to exportation of natural resources to China.  With increase of living standard in China, Chinese needs more nutritious food.  As China couldn't provide enough, United States particularly the Middle States are enjoying a boom in supplying food to the Middle Kingdom.  Then, there are also discussions about other foreign powers keeping United States in check by siding with China, and also the love and hate relationship between USA and China of controlling the currencies so as to keep the interest rates at an attractive rate to facilitate growth in China and so forth.  Whilst nobody knows for certain the exact figures of information provided (since China has this tendency to manipulate figures since the beginning of time), suffice to say that the book explains how the mechanism works and allowing us to have an insight of how international trade ticks.  Yes, some reviewers are fastidious and highly critical of figures provided by the writer but ultimately, I think they are missing the points.  What's crucial from this book is that we need to understand better about China and learning how to work alongside it in order to share the gains it would garner over the years to come.  Highly recommended
 Everyone should follow the advise published on the outside cover of this book..."You live in this world, you use oil, you must read this book.
 A Time to Kill and The Broker are my two favs from Grisham.  Suspense is the name of the game.   I like books that make me read them straight through because they're so suspense filled. Another great novel is Deadly Behavior by Dee Sullivan.
 I love this series.  I have every one of the books in this series and will never let them go.
 Here is a book written for literally anyone who wants to learn lessons for life on how to get rich. And for all those desperados out there dreaming of getting fantastically rich with ridiculously little effort: here is your guide. You will learn that making money and getting rich isn't hard at all, but it requires a little discipline. There are only a handful of tips given in this book, but they are sufficient to make a real difference in your wallet and a real difference in your life!Here is a book written for literally anyone who wants to learn lessons for life on how to get rich. And for all those desperados out there dreaming of getting fantastically rich with ridiculously little effort: here is your guide. You will learn that making money and getting rich isn't hard at all, but it requires a little discipline. There are only a handful of tips given in this book, but they are sufficient to make a real difference in your wallet and a real difference in your life!The style is very easy to understand and very straight-forward. A child could read this book, even though the setting is that of the ancient city of Babylon, but that makes the story and the lesson all the more interesting. Five stars are awarded to this book and trust me, you'll agree with me
 I just finished the book last night, crying as I read the last few pages.  I guess since Carole Radziwill and I are the same age and share a lot of the same interests helped capture me into this memoir and unable to put it down.  It also gives you some unheard stories of the famous family.  I felt like I knew Carolyn Bessette Kennedy better through this story rather than the tabloid press.  She was a delightful and woman, filled with life, which makes her ending even more tragic.  The book honors a beautiful friendship and a marriage tested by CANCER.  It pays homage to Anthony Radizwill as well as John and Carolyn Kennendy as it lets you see them as real people rather than tabloid  fodde
 I read this book after the authors (Scott & Omari) told me about it on one of the public forums (about GMAT). Excellent book, it's gives the overall picture of what an MBA candidate should look like to an admission officer at the B school. It definitely gives you an edge. This is book is like 'everything about B school applications in a nutshell'. I read this book after the authors (Scott & Omari) told me about it on one of the public forums (about GMAT). Excellent book, it's gives the overall picture of what an MBA candidate should look like to an admission officer at the B school. It definitely gives you an edge. This is book is like 'everything about B school applications in a nutshell'. There are some methods like drawing a 'grid' to see where you stand, really gives insight into what are your strenghts & the areas you should improve or 'cover' in the application essays.There are some methods like drawing a 'grid' to see where you stand, really gives insight into what are your strenghts & the areas you should improve or 'cover' in the application essays.Overall, not the one & only but very good book.Overall, not the one & only but very good book.Overall, not the one & only but very good book.
 This is book is collection of Interviews by Noam Chomsky given before and after the attacks on the WTC. This is book is collection of Interviews by Noam Chomsky given before and after the attacks on the WTC. I found this book a little too brief and would recommend to first time readers of this author to read some of his other work and then come to this particular book.I found this book a little too brief and would recommend to first time readers of this author to read some of his other work and then come to this particular book.This book is nonetheless an Interesting view to take on the events that are discussed in it
 Nicely printed and bound - If you like James Allen you'll like this book
 How can people play the game if they don't know the rules or how to keep score?  Open book management means you teach people how business works, you share financials and you reward them for improving the profits of the company.  Good solid &quot;how to&quot; information if you want to set up a profit sharing plan and get people really involved in the success of the company
 Reviewed by Bette Daoust, Ph.D. for Reader Views (6/06)Reviewed by Bette Daoust, Ph.D. for Reader Views (6/06)I find it interesting that I am reviewing a book I had read five years ago when it first came out. All this really means is that this book has definite longevity (and believe it or not, all of the "predictions" in the book are a reality today. Seth Godin set forth to spread his book like a virus to everyone he could through his connections, and their connections, and their connections and "so on and so on". The truth is the idea virus is real and his book is living proof that ideas and other products can certainly be spread by word-of-(mouth, email, infrared, download, or whatever).I find it interesting that I am reviewing a book I had read five years ago when it first came out. All this really means is that this book has definite longevity (and believe it or not, all of the "predictions" in the book are a reality today. Seth Godin set forth to spread his book like a virus to everyone he could through his connections, and their connections, and their connections and "so on and so on". The truth is the idea virus is real and his book is living proof that ideas and other products can certainly be spread by word-of-(mouth, email, infrared, download, or whatever).I have always been an admirer of Seth Godin and although I have not read all of his books, I will make certain that I do. He has a keen sense of marketing like no other as in his "Purple Cow" as well as this book "Unleashing the Idea Virus". Who better to write about spreading ideas around than Seth. His book has certainly hit the circuit and still has a long way to go before absolutely everyone who should read this book (and apply the information). This book is a must for anyone that touches the marketing function in their business.I have always been an admirer of Seth Godin and although I have not read all of his books, I will make certain that I do. He has a keen sense of marketing like no other as in his "Purple Cow" as well as this book "Unleashing the Idea Virus". Who better to write about spreading ideas around than Seth. His book has certainly hit the circuit and still has a long way to go before absolutely everyone who should read this book (and apply the information). This book is a must for anyone that touches the marketing function in their business.The Idea Virus is a book full of common sense items but with a twist that makes them more realistic than just theory. The real life situations described bring all the points to home. I just hope that the next time I sneeze, a new idea, the targeted hive picks it up and swarms around it and passes it on. I want to own the market in my defined hive and I want it to propagate and live on for a long time. This book is one terrific example! Go download it or purchase it at the bookstore.The Idea Virus is a book full of common sense items but with a twist that makes them more realistic than just theory. The real life situations described bring all the points to home. I just hope that the next time I sneeze, a new idea, the targeted hive picks it up and swarms around it and passes it on. I want to own the market in my defined hive and I want it to propagate and live on for a long time. This book is one terrific example! Go download it or purchase it at the bookstore.
 Every now and then a pivotal moment in history is witnessed and recorded by a master communicator.   The mid-first century of Rome was such a time and Tacitus was such a communicator.  The Histories will forever be a benchmark of good history with its observations on human nature and behaviour along with their impact on history.   The historian will do well to read Tacitus not just for the historical lessons but for his approach to history as a record of human activity.   While observing and commenting on the human element in history, Tacitus avoids making moral judgements and remains as objective as possible in the midst of turmoil, wars, and rumors of wars.  His beloved nation and people were suffering under the barbarity of fratricidal war yet he remains above the madness and records the events with passion tempered with objectivity.  His example is one that has remained difficult for others to follow.Every now and then a pivotal moment in history is witnessed and recorded by a master communicator.   The mid-first century of Rome was such a time and Tacitus was such a communicator.  The Histories will forever be a benchmark of good history with its observations on human nature and behaviour along with their impact on history.   The historian will do well to read Tacitus not just for the historical lessons but for his approach to history as a record of human activity.   While observing and commenting on the human element in history, Tacitus avoids making moral judgements and remains as objective as possible in the midst of turmoil, wars, and rumors of wars.  His beloved nation and people were suffering under the barbarity of fratricidal war yet he remains above the madness and records the events with passion tempered with objectivity.  His example is one that has remained difficult for others to follow.A word on this translation in particular - I found Mr. Wellesley's translation very readable and poetic.  He seems to have captured the literature value of the text as well as the content.  Well done
 Philbrick does an outstanding job of weaving an enthralling story from historical references. He gives the reader a wonderful sense of the social, religious and political forces that motivated the Pilgrims in their incredibly risky venture into the unknown. The book presents a fascinating view of the clash of the Native American and English cultures that tragically led to the near annihilation of the New England "Indians".
 I enjoyed reading The Mark. It was definitely a page turner. Of course it makes me want to continue with the series. Tim F. LaHaye is a great author and story teller. I actually visualized the whole the thing. I would thank him in person if I could, for a wonderful job done...I enjoyed reading The Mark. It was definitely a page turner. Of course it makes me want to continue with the series. Tim F. LaHaye is a great author and story teller. I actually visualized the whole the thing. I would thank him in person if I could, for a wonderful job done...Thank you..
 First, the strengths: Andrew gives intelligent summaries and discussion of some major historical film theorists, with chapters on Munsterberg, Arnheim, Eisenstein, Balazs, Kracauer, Bazin, Mitry, Metz, and Ayfre, and Agel. He focuses on the debate between the formalists (who believe film art is defined by its formal properties including editing, framing, mise-en-scene, lighting, and etc.) and the realist tradition (who believe that film art is defined by its basis in photography, a physical impression of its subject). The highlight is undoubtedly Andrew's excellent discussion of the great French critic Andre Bazin, which is not surprising since Andrew's Ph.D thesis was on Bazin. The weaknesses: This was published in 1976, and so it completely ignores the vast body of criticism published since then, especially feminism, and the influence of Lacan and psychoanalytic theory. Still, this is not a bad starting point for students of film theory
 HI.. I would say most people should run, not walk, to buy this book. It doesn't matter where you are starting from, everyone can benefit from this stuff, and there are a variety of ways to compile wealth that the authors talk about. I found it to be very inspiring and well worth the money. I would recommend it to all my friends, especially those who are befuddled by the markets, because it has simple straightforward advice. good luck to all the savers and investors among us! for socially conscious people, they also tell how to help society (as well as get wealthy.
 Tony Sweet's photographs are breathtaking!  As you look at each photo and associated rationale for how and why he chose a particular exposure or composed it in a certain way, you realize the keen awareness he has of his environment and the obvious care and patience he places in his work.   I am so glad that he shares the technical side to his wonderful work.  I think photographers of all levels will have much to gain by reading and studying this book
 Definitely one of the best books I have read. The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon is a complex mixture of simple things. The simplicity of the language, style, ideas, characters and concepts is unique to this book. The expression of complicated life matters and situations in such a simple manner makes this book a definite must-have.In the book, Mark Haddon borrows the voice of his lead character Christopher, an autistic child, to tell the story. Christopher is an autistic and smart 15 year old boy. He's a math whiz with an unsatisfiable appetite to solve problems. His approach to all life issues is to convert them into a math problem of some sort and find out ways to deal with these issues.The story mainly revolves around Christopher's investigation to find out who killed his neighbour's dog Wellington. Despite his father's instructions to not pursue the issue, Christopher goes on to attempt to solve the mystery of who killed Wellington.The story unravels before Christopher and he is hit with a reality far more complex than his own understanding of life. His investigations result in only unearthing long buried secrets of his mother who, he knows, died three years earlier.Christopher's determination to solve the mystery of who killed Wellington and the mystery of his mother's death is something to be revered throughout the development of the story. The child's emotional roller coaster ride is witnessed first hand on every page. The reader experiences Christopher's feelings and emotions so transparently that it makes it extremely difficult not to feel attached to the story.The story in itself is funny at times, sad and miserable at others; complex in one place and extremely simple in another.This is a novel that you can be certain will change the way you perceive the things in your life once you are through. Your world will never be the same again. In a good way
 This is one of the best -- and scariest -- business books I've ever read. Christensen clearly illustrates why many of the 'tried and true' formulas really don't work. His research is compelling and is presented clearly enough for non-technical readers. I can't recommend this book highly enough
 Being a dyed-in-the-wool Mcguane fan, I think he just keeps getting better.  Not only is he the best fishing writer alive, but his non-fishing stories are bizzarely entertaining, have an interesting twist, and always explore human interaction. I believe his writing is based on his many and varied experiences, from crazy street people to ego-crazed CEOs, as well as the many places he has lived.  Who else would know what a cabinet is, except a Rhode Island resident?  What...no mention of hot weiners or coffee milk?   
 I was anxious to try the Artisanal gougere recipe, and I was not disappointed!  The cheese puffs were light and cheesey and beautiful to look at!  I compared his recipe to Le Cordon Blue recipe, and his adds a pinch of baking powder and about 2-3 times the amount of cheese.  Plus he give approximate mixing times, which was a blessing for me since I had never made cream puff dough before.  The Cordon Blue version had no mixing times and with such a small amount of cheese compared to the Artisanal version I cannot believe that it would be anywhere near as good.  This book appears to have Terence's personal touch, not just regurgitation of classic bistro recipes
 Based on 20 pages of an unfinished Charlotte Bronte manuscript, you forget that it was written in 2004 and are quickly enjoying what feels like a long lost Bronte! Ms. Boylan takes into consideration Charlotte's growing concern (at the time of her death) with children born into extreme poverty and deprivation. The plot involves a search for the true roots of an orphan (Emma) and introduces the readers as well as her main characters to London's back streets. Of course there are all the undying and unfulfilled loves as well as the unlikely coincidences that make for a great period novel
 You want to read a horror story? This is it. This is the shameful way our government dealt with AIDS in the first six years it appeared in the country- by doing nothing at all.You want to read a horror story? This is it. This is the shameful way our government dealt with AIDS in the first six years it appeared in the country- by doing nothing at all.EVERYONE ignored it. The CDC, the NIH, the National Cancer Institute, it was ignored by everyone but a handful of scientists and doctors, and they were ignored too. Over 2000 gay men (and hemophiliacs, and straight people, and babies) died before the government even acknowleged that yes, something new was going around. Newspapers and media did not report this, because it was too embarrassing talking about how it was a "gay disease." Gay men didn't want to discuss that it "might" be spread through sex, and the ideas of shutting down the bathhouses and losing that little bit of hard-won liberation was unthinkable. Blood banks wouldn't even ACKNOWLEGE the fact that their products were contaminated, even after it was PROVEN that transfusion AIDS was possible and happening.EVERYONE ignored it. The CDC, the NIH, the National Cancer Institute, it was ignored by everyone but a handful of scientists and doctors, and they were ignored too. Over 2000 gay men (and hemophiliacs, and straight people, and babies) died before the government even acknowleged that yes, something new was going around. Newspapers and media did not report this, because it was too embarrassing talking about how it was a "gay disease." Gay men didn't want to discuss that it "might" be spread through sex, and the ideas of shutting down the bathhouses and losing that little bit of hard-won liberation was unthinkable. Blood banks wouldn't even ACKNOWLEGE the fact that their products were contaminated, even after it was PROVEN that transfusion AIDS was possible and happening.By the time President Reagan FIRST uttered the word AIDS, over 25,000 Americans were dead from the disease.By the time President Reagan FIRST uttered the word AIDS, over 25,000 Americans were dead from the disease.This book made me cry. The entire way through it, I wanted to scream, I wanted to throw things, I wanted to hit people until they realized that gay people deserve to live too. A university official that was denying AIDS researchers desperately needed funding had the nerve to actually remark, "Well, at least AIDS is getting rid of a lot of undesirable people." How absolutely disgusting. This book made me cry. The entire way through it, I wanted to scream, I wanted to throw things, I wanted to hit people until they realized that gay people deserve to live too. A university official that was denying AIDS researchers desperately needed funding had the nerve to actually remark, "Well, at least AIDS is getting rid of a lot of undesirable people." How absolutely disgusting. This is a dauntingly large book- 621 pages of reading, all of it frustrating, angering, scream-inducing, and yet, still inspiring. They didn't give up. No one threw in the towel until their last breath, or until funding, sufficient funding, was finally granted. Sadly, the author himself died of AIDS in 1994. God bless everyone who worked so hard to make AIDS a household word, which finally happened, oh, about SEVEN STINKING YEARS after it first started killing people in the US. What the heck is wrong with this country? Why did people have their heads in the sand for so long? What's so stinking WRONG with us?This is a dauntingly large book- 621 pages of reading, all of it frustrating, angering, scream-inducing, and yet, still inspiring. They didn't give up. No one threw in the towel until their last breath, or until funding, sufficient funding, was finally granted. Sadly, the author himself died of AIDS in 1994. God bless everyone who worked so hard to make AIDS a household word, which finally happened, oh, about SEVEN STINKING YEARS after it first started killing people in the US. What the heck is wrong with this country? Why did people have their heads in the sand for so long? What's so stinking WRONG with us?Another book everyone should read, if only to know how our government helped spread AIDS around the world by ignoring it for six damn years. How many people did they kill by doing that? Far, far too many. We were the last civilized nation to institute an AIDS education/prevention program. This book made me dislike the bureaucracy of this country even more, and I didn't think that was possible.Another book everyone should read, if only to know how our government helped spread AIDS around the world by ignoring it for six damn years. How many people did they kill by doing that? Far, far too many. We were the last civilized nation to institute an AIDS education/prevention program. This book made me dislike the bureaucracy of this country even more, and I didn't think that was possible.God bless everyone who is working to make life better for people with AIDS
 Having been born in 1981 I was educated as a teen about the importance of safe sex and the realities of HIV and AIDS. But, this book brought home the true horrors of the history of the pandemic. While lengthy, it is extremely informative and, if read with an open mind, refreashingly unbiased. I found myself taking extra time and care in reading "And The Band Played On" just to let the information sink in.
 It&#8217;s been two years since the recovery of The Amulet of Samarkand, and Nathaniel (now known as John Mandrake) is a Government official in the Office of Internal Affairs, apprenticed to Jessica Whitwell.It&#8217;s been two years since the recovery of The Amulet of Samarkand, and Nathaniel (now known as John Mandrake) is a Government official in the Office of Internal Affairs, apprenticed to Jessica Whitwell.His job is to hunt down a pack of rebellious commoners known as the Resistance, who have been causing a series of disturbances in London, aiming to destabilize the rule of the magicians.  He suspects the involvement of a girl named Kitty and her friends whom we met in his previous adventure, and although correct in this assumption, it soon becomes obvious that there is deeper evil afoot, as a destructive force hidden in a black cloud begins attacking the city, destroying buildings and magical artifacts as it goes.His job is to hunt down a pack of rebellious commoners known as the Resistance, who have been causing a series of disturbances in London, aiming to destabilize the rule of the magicians.  He suspects the involvement of a girl named Kitty and her friends whom we met in his previous adventure, and although correct in this assumption, it soon becomes obvious that there is deeper evil afoot, as a destructive force hidden in a black cloud begins attacking the city, destroying buildings and magical artifacts as it goes.When things start spiraling out of control, he is forced to call upon Bartimaeus again for help, and the adventure spirals into a saga of grave robbery, political maneuvers, foreign travel and ancient magic.When things start spiraling out of control, he is forced to call upon Bartimaeus again for help, and the adventure spirals into a saga of grave robbery, political maneuvers, foreign travel and ancient magic.Though certainly not as good as the first, and a little too long, The Golem&#8217;s Eye makes for good reading, but is sadly lacking the sarcastic witticisms of everyone&#8217;s favorite djinn that were the high point of book one.Though certainly not as good as the first, and a little too long, The Golem&#8217;s Eye makes for good reading, but is sadly lacking the sarcastic witticisms of everyone&#8217;s favorite djinn that were the high point of book one.Amanda Richards, May 20, 2006
 This is an aweful story--you should read it, absolutely.  This is an aweful story--you should read it, absolutely.  I dread the turn of every page, so I'm recommending it to my closest personal friends as well.I dread the turn of every page, so I'm recommending it to my closest personal friends as well.And since this is about terrible things happening to would-have-been-happy small children, I cannot in good conscience forget to recommend it to my brother so that he may read it to my nephews.And since this is about terrible things happening to would-have-been-happy small children, I cannot in good conscience forget to recommend it to my brother so that he may read it to my nephews.The most terrible story I've ever read--five stars
 I am a manager for a Federal Govt Agency.  I found this book informational and easy to understand.  Immigration law is a complex subject.  The book is easy to read and addresses many important aspects related to this subject.  The sections related to inadmissability, removal are well written and easy to understand.  The chapters related to the history of various classes of immigrants was intersting as well.  I would recommend the book for persons who want to expand their knowledge of this topic
 Each Planet listed in this book has details on length of day, length of year, species, population, size, climate, terrain, & much more. Each one also has a picture of the planet accompanying it.Each Planet listed in this book has details on length of day, length of year, species, population, size, climate, terrain, & much more. Each one also has a picture of the planet accompanying it.There's also a map of the core worlds along with key location / site maps on nearly every listed planet(very cool).There's also a map of the core worlds along with key location / site maps on nearly every listed planet(very cool).Coruscant has a huge 29-page entry to it. It also has the GM character Dexter Jettster, info on the Jedi Temple, and many more spots on this planet.  Great for many, many adventures.Alderaan & Corellia get around 7-pages.Alderaan & Corellia get around 7-pages.There's also a few new species, many new creatures, and a lot of GM characters to throw at Players.There's also a few new species, many new creatures, and a lot of GM characters to throw at Players.Some starships are also in here, inlcuding : TIE/Ad Defender prototype & E-Wing.Some starships are also in here, inlcuding : TIE/Ad Defender prototype & E-Wing.My only complaint is, there AREN'T more of these Planet books out there for this RPG.  WotC could have done a series of Secrets of... books for each system (or something like that.)My only complaint is, there AREN'T more of these Planet books out there for this RPG.  WotC could have done a series of Secrets of... books for each system (or something like that.)   Otherwise, there ARE a lot of things in this book that will make players believe that their characters are in STAR WARS.   Otherwise, there ARE a lot of things in this book that will make players believe that their characters are in STAR WARS.So, yes, buy the book! Support this space fantasy RPG
 Sabuda is my all-time favorite pop-up maker! His stuff is so fabulous and intricate, it'll just blow you away
 I am so passionate about this book.  It has answered all the life questions I have ever held.  Although many people I have recommended it to have reported that they have not been able to "get into it" - for me, I would say it is the best book I have ever read.  This is about the 5th copy I have purchased because when I lend it out, somehow it is not returned and I want to have a copy to re-read every now and then.  (I will not be lending this one again
 I just read this book cover to cover on a flight back to NYC from Barcelona.  My mouth watered as I read the included reprints of her past reviews of NYC restaurants - even after my five days of fantastic Spanish cuisine!  But more surprisingly, I was drawn in by what seems to be quite an honest glimpse of the NYC restaurant experience seen through the eyes of many "characters".  The book left me such respect for the depths that Ruth Reichl went through in order to dine as the everyday person would experience, especially in NYC's "best" restaurants.  Her recounts made me actually appreciate the research and dedication required to write a truly objective (as objective as food tastes get, I suppose) review.  A very easy and enjoyable read.
 This is one of two or three &quot;must have&quot; books that every person interested in or practicing Smalltalk needs to read and keep on a shelf near by. Kent's writing style is clear, concise and often humorous. A very  entertaining and informative book by one of the giants in the Smalltalk  world
 We see a phrase a lot when we visit how-to sites for writers. World building. By this, we mean the setting, the characters, and everything else where our story will occur. For me, this often means maps, memories and visits, since I write about where I live. But if you'd like to see exactly what "world building" means, head down to your local library and grab SALEM'S LOT by Stephen King. We see a phrase a lot when we visit how-to sites for writers. World building. By this, we mean the setting, the characters, and everything else where our story will occur. For me, this often means maps, memories and visits, since I write about where I live. But if you'd like to see exactly what "world building" means, head down to your local library and grab SALEM'S LOT by Stephen King. Yeah, that's right, I'm reviewing a book by Stephen King. As if his career really needs my help. Yeah, that's right, I'm reviewing a book by Stephen King. As if his career really needs my help. (I bought my copy at Foreign Language Bookstore on Yanan Lu in Hangzhou, with a new introduction that is a pleasure to read, but I mentioned the library to save you some money.) (I bought my copy at Foreign Language Bookstore on Yanan Lu in Hangzhou, with a new introduction that is a pleasure to read, but I mentioned the library to save you some money.) When Stephen King mania first gripped the English-speaking world, I missed it. I saw the film of CARRIE and hated it. Years later, at a guard desk on a long shift, scheduled so suddenly that I hadn't had a chance to visit the library, I read what was in the desk instead. THINNER. If I were Stephen King, I'd have put a pen name on that crap as well. When Stephen King mania first gripped the English-speaking world, I missed it. I saw the film of CARRIE and hated it. Years later, at a guard desk on a long shift, scheduled so suddenly that I hadn't had a chance to visit the library, I read what was in the desk instead. THINNER. If I were Stephen King, I'd have put a pen name on that crap as well. One of King's fans brought me around. She recommended THE SHINING. Of course I thought of that Kubrick/Nicholson travesty. No no, she said, read the book. It's much different. Yes, it is. It's fantastic for its perceptiveness. Next up, PET SEMATARY, which scared the crap out of me. And that, my friends, is not easy. One of King's fans brought me around. She recommended THE SHINING. Of course I thought of that Kubrick/Nicholson travesty. No no, she said, read the book. It's much different. Yes, it is. It's fantastic for its perceptiveness. Next up, PET SEMATARY, which scared the crap out of me. And that, my friends, is not easy. ON WRITING. I've gushed about that enough times. The films STAND BY ME and THE APT PUPIL. So, in the end, I appreciate King and forgive him for CARRIE, and I think he's forgiven himself. We won't talk about the Richard Bachman alias, although the film of THE RUNNING MAN was fun in a stupid sort of way. ON WRITING. I've gushed about that enough times. The films STAND BY ME and THE APT PUPIL. So, in the end, I appreciate King and forgive him for CARRIE, and I think he's forgiven himself. We won't talk about the Richard Bachman alias, although the film of THE RUNNING MAN was fun in a stupid sort of way. SALEM'S LOT. King's second book, and perhaps it should have been his first. I've been in China since 1999. If I ever want to visit a town in the US, I don't need a plane ticket. I can just real SALEM'S LOT. Consider it a clinic on world building. These are the places and the people I left behind, right there, recorded by a master. Well, except for the vampire. I don't recall seeing him in Watha. Maybe he moved into my old house. SALEM'S LOT. King's second book, and perhaps it should have been his first. I've been in China since 1999. If I ever want to visit a town in the US, I don't need a plane ticket. I can just real SALEM'S LOT. Consider it a clinic on world building. These are the places and the people I left behind, right there, recorded by a master. Well, except for the vampire. I don't recall seeing him in Watha. Maybe he moved into my old house. Actually, that's Stephen King right there. He creates an entirely real world, then throws in something unusual because it makes the story move and because he just thinks it's cool. A vampire here, a rabid dog there, a mind reader over there, a UFO crashing into Hickville... Actually, that's Stephen King right there. He creates an entirely real world, then throws in something unusual because it makes the story move and because he just thinks it's cool. A vampire here, a rabid dog there, a mind reader over there, a UFO crashing into Hickville... Nobody has defended Stephen King by mentioning that William Shakespeare trucked heavily with ghosts and witches and prophesies in his stories, so I'll limit myself to a single sentence. Nobody has defended Stephen King by mentioning that William Shakespeare trucked heavily with ghosts and witches and prophesies in his stories, so I'll limit myself to a single sentence. I believe that, just as I studied Mary Shelley's FRANKENSTEIN in a Literature class, one day students will study Stephen King. Just nothing about cars that come to life, because those stories really suck. I will accuse Stephen King of being uneven, and he explains why in ON WRITING. But at his best, I recommend him highly. I believe that, just as I studied Mary Shelley's FRANKENSTEIN in a Literature class, one day students will study Stephen King. Just nothing about cars that come to life, because those stories really suck. I will accuse Stephen King of being uneven, and he explains why in ON WRITING. But at his best, I recommend him highly. Oh, and here's a weird bit of trivia. I recognized the scene on page 50. Nothing before it, nothing after it, just that one bit. So I at least began reading this book. Probably at a guard desk. Tampa, Florida, has excellent libraries. At my guard desk, when I wasn't writing, I was getting drunk on literature, and I can't possibly remember it all. But I think SALEM'S LOT by Stephen King plus THE THANATOS SYNDROME by Walker Percy spurred me to write THE DEMONS WITHIN, which I later threw out but which gave DESCENT INTO MADNESS its back story. Oh, and here's a weird bit of trivia. I recognized the scene on page 50. Nothing before it, nothing after it, just that one bit. So I at least began reading this book. Probably at a guard desk. Tampa, Florida, has excellent libraries. At my guard desk, when I wasn't writing, I was getting drunk on literature, and I can't possibly remember it all. But I think SALEM'S LOT by Stephen King plus THE THANATOS SYNDROME by Walker Percy spurred me to write THE DEMONS WITHIN, which I later threw out but which gave DESCENT INTO MADNESS its back story. (For Madman trivia buffs: Terrence and Sandra Howell once had their own novel. It really sucked. Terrence had his own novel 15 years before that. It also sucked. He's a composite of two classmates, Terrence Cram and Ricky Howell, so I'm glad he finally showed up in some form.) (For Madman trivia buffs: Terrence and Sandra Howell once had their own novel. It really sucked. Terrence had his own novel 15 years before that. It also sucked. He's a composite of two classmates, Terrence Cram and Ricky Howell, so I'm glad he finally showed up in some form.) In ON WRITING, Stephen King tells us that he was so drunk and stoned at one point that he can't remember writing some of his books. It seems I was so high on literature at one point that I forgot entire books I read, including SALEM'S LOT. So, I guess that getting old does have its advantages. 
 Simply Awesome! I keep having to stop the tape so it can sink in
 Simply Awesome! I keep having to stop the tape so it can sink inWere someone to write a biography of Carl Hiassin in fifty years it is hard to imagine that he or she wouldn't focus on the author's latest triumph, Skinny Dip. It is one of his seminal achievements. The book simply shines with humor, well drawn characters, action and as usual everyone gets their just desserts. It is also one of his smoothest rides. One gets the feeling that Hiassin was very confident in every sentence that he wroteHere is an overview that will stimulate readers' interest Hiassin's. The book opens with Chaz trying to kill his wife by flinging her over the rail of their cruise ship, but by some twists and turns and luck Joey survives long enough to be rescued. Much of the rest of the book circles around the characters interactions and relationships as Joey and her team pursue vengeance. By the midpoint of the novel Chaz is already an emotional wreck and it doesn't look like Joey is about to let up any time soon.The moral backbone of the novel is twofold. One is the pitting of the Everglades Forest and her defenders against big business and her pollutants. The Everglades is quickly turning from pristine swamp into another type of ecosystem entirely and many Floridians want to prevent the remaining land from being destroyed, which means millions of dollars loss to the big agricultural business. Hiassin's two segments on the real life plight of this swamp standout a bit apart from the book, but also lends it a feeling of seriousnessAnd two is the pitting of criminals against victims who aren't going to take it anymore.  Hiassin is at his when he reapetedly refers to the attempted murder as an insult to Joey. As most survivors of violent crime can ascertain there is a severe indignity attached to one's helplessness.There are six main characters in the book: Joey and her horny husband Chaz, Joey's rescuer Mick who is a kind and eccentric ex-policeman who lives alone on an island, Joey's brother, a rich expatriate who raises sheep in New Zealand, Mr. Hammernut, the owner of a large agricultural empire and Tool, the books muscled goon who undergoes a moral transformation. The small group of sub-characters is entertainingly populated in part with a hermit who lives in the swamp, a street-tough hairdresser, a slap-happy senior and a cowardly lawyer. Though similar elements live in many of Hiassin's works his books never feel like he has used a formula to create them more easily. This can't be said for all or most of crime writers and should be accredited to Hiassin's love for storytelling, his skill as a plot weaver and his ability to evoke so many different emotions. In this line of thought this reviewer took note of the characters subtle (except for Tool) character changes throughout the book. Joey for example seemed learn a bit more restraint as she calmed down a little and the same can be said even for characters that have appeared in some of Hiassin's previous works (Mick)Hiassin has never been a fan of superficial materialism, but the issue is slightly complicated by Skinny Dip and does not simply fall into place along character axes. While the villains all crave money some of the heroes are loaded too. Joey maintains a very frugal existence considering her $ 13 million trust, but her brother spends lavishly. Joey's rescuer on the other hand lives on a disability check. One may wonder if the only difference between Chaz and his wife is that she never had to work or hustle for a buck, but there is one other way in which the enemies contrast and that is the way they treat their associates. Chaz is continuously scrambling for something and in his desperation - be it for sex, money, or escape - uses other people as tools rather than relating to them as equals. On the other hand, Joey has a good sense of humor and she enjoys the companionship of her palsLike most of Hiassin's work this book is not an overly violent one. Although it begins with an attempted murder, the event is quite peaceful. There is no struggle, no blood and the victim, Joey, does not die.After reading Skinny Dip I immediately lent it to my best friend Katie who has not been able to put it down. So, potential readers be warned: Like Katie you may not be able to get any work done for a day or two, but the time is not wasted on Hiassin's best work to date. One comes away gaining not only pleasant memories of laughs and smiles, but also the feeling that one has poured one more drop into the bucket of our minds that we must fill in order to make this world a better place. In short, Carl Hiassin puts us in touch with the good guys in ourselve
 I bought this reluctantly because it was decided upon by a discussion group I was partipating in, but I ended up being very glad to have read this wonderful piece of contemporary literature. Mary Lawson weaves an incredibly sad but totally compelling tale of life in a small community in Canada. Others here have given insight into the plot and characters, so I'll keep this short by saying that you won't be disappointed and that I eagerly look forward to reading more from this author, she seems to have exceptional talent
 As one of America's greatest presidents, Ronald Reagan will certainly be studied by historians for years to come and, like Abraham Lincoln he will likely be revered and discussed by people of all nationalities for many generations.  This book and his earlier autobiography, Where's the Rest of Me, will surely be the touch stones for any such inquiries and discussions.  This work, An American Life, however, will be of primary importance since it addresses his entire life and political career rather than simply the earlier part of his life, during which time he was primarily a sportscaster and actor.  For anyone who had the pleasure of listening to Reagan's political commentaries on the radio, or hearing him speak as Governor of California or as President of the United States, the book will be particularly enjoyable; for it is written in the easy-going conversational style that Reagan used in life.  What makes the book even more interesting is that you can not only catch a glimpse of the country into which Ronald Reagan was born but also see how that country was transformed into the nation as we know it today.  You may also observe that the problems of Reagan's day are not much different than those we face today.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone seeking to understand Ronald Reagan, how his many faceted character was formed, the inner workings of his mind, and the actions which led to his monumental achievements.  In my view, it would benefit the country greatly if this book was made to be required reading for every American child. 
 Jeff Shaara never ceases to amaze. I have absolutely loved everyone of his (and his fathers)books. I have been waiting awhile for him to delve into World War 2. and he did not disappoint me. First things first, I COULD NOT put this book down. Everything about it was phenomenal. Icant explain it in any other way. Please read this book. Even if you dont like books like this it is well worth your time
 I love historical fiction, and The March was one of the better historical novels that I've read. The characters are well-drawn, and the action moves along briskly, with no dead spots.  The civil war background seemed very authentic, and unlike many similar historical novels that focus on the military actions or the civilian actions, The March blends the two to show that war really is hell.I love historical fiction, and The March was one of the better historical novels that I've read. The characters are well-drawn, and the action moves along briskly, with no dead spots.  The civil war background seemed very authentic, and unlike many similar historical novels that focus on the military actions or the civilian actions, The March blends the two to show that war really is hell.Doctorow is an excellent writer, and he obviously did a lot of period research to make the background so believable.  My only objection was his implication that the civil war was only about slavery and that Union soldiers fought solely because of the slavery issue.  That's not true, as studies of Union soldiers' letters and diaries have demonstrated that most soldiers fought out of patriotism or to join with other family members, or for other reasons than just slavery.  That also applies to Confederate soldiers.  A minor quibble that doesn't really hurt the book, but it does discredit the author for not sticking to real, documented historical fact.Doctorow is an excellent writer, and he obviously did a lot of period research to make the background so believable.  My only objection was his implication that the civil war was only about slavery and that Union soldiers fought solely because of the slavery issue.  That's not true, as studies of Union soldiers' letters and diaries have demonstrated that most soldiers fought out of patriotism or to join with other family members, or for other reasons than just slavery.  That also applies to Confederate soldiers.  A minor quibble that doesn't really hurt the book, but it does discredit the author for not sticking to real, documented historical fact.Highly recommended
 Are you ready to become a "home gamer."  Are you seriously looking to improve your current results in the stock market?   Do you have a moderate level of knowledge about the stock market and our economic system?  Are you equally concerned with preserving your capital while earning a better-than-average return?  Do you prefer a system that incorporates probability and statistics as a tool to assess risk?  Are you a believer in using fundamental analysis AND technical analysis in choosing growth stocks as your preferred investment?  Do you have adequate time and interest to devote to actively managing your portfolio?Are you ready to become a "home gamer."  Are you seriously looking to improve your current results in the stock market?   Do you have a moderate level of knowledge about the stock market and our economic system?  Are you equally concerned with preserving your capital while earning a better-than-average return?  Do you prefer a system that incorporates probability and statistics as a tool to assess risk?  Are you a believer in using fundamental analysis AND technical analysis in choosing growth stocks as your preferred investment?  Do you have adequate time and interest to devote to actively managing your portfolio?If your answers to these questions (especially the final one) are "yes" then buying this classic might be the best 10 bucks you ever spent.If your answers to these questions (especially the final one) are "yes" then buying this classic might be the best 10 bucks you ever spent.This little gem is chock-full of information and practical advice garnered over 50 years of investment experience, coupled with an acute observation of human nature at work in the market
 The Pelican Brief is one of John Grisham's more fast paced and exciting book. The Pelican Brief is one of John Grisham's more fast paced and exciting book. Two supreme court justices are murdered by someone who does such a good job that there are few if any clues to go on. Darby Shaw and her lover/professor are intrigued by who could have done this so Darby does a ton of research and writes the "Pelican Brief". Her boyfriend/professor is a good friend of someone in the FBI and the file gets distributed. The bad guys find out about Darby, who apparently has hit the suspects right on and the chase begins. Two supreme court justices are murdered by someone who does such a good job that there are few if any clues to go on. Darby Shaw and her lover/professor are intrigued by who could have done this so Darby does a ton of research and writes the "Pelican Brief". Her boyfriend/professor is a good friend of someone in the FBI and the file gets distributed. The bad guys find out about Darby, who apparently has hit the suspects right on and the chase begins. This book is very entertaining with nonstop action. You'll be constantly turning the page to see how Darby and friends etc keep escaping and how the plot will unfold. This book is very entertaining with nonstop action. You'll be constantly turning the page to see how Darby and friends etc keep escaping and how the plot will unfold. The only problems with the book are as follows: The only problems with the book are as follows: 1 - The book has so many characters that it gets confusing at times1 - The book has so many characters that it gets confusing at times2 - The book is all action and adventure and little else. Once it's done you'll never go back and read it again. This would make a very poor book club book.2 - The book is all action and adventure and little else. Once it's done you'll never go back and read it again. This would make a very poor book club book.3 - A little over the top on the implied sex etc between Darby and her professor etc... (but nothing compared to what you'll get in other books)3 - A little over the top on the implied sex etc between Darby and her professor etc... (but nothing compared to what you'll get in other books)Overall a very entertaing and exciting book but not a lot of "soul". I would definitely recomend it to anyone who likes action books. Overall a very entertaing and exciting book but not a lot of "soul". I would definitely recomend it to anyone who likes action books. 
 I listen to books on tape constantly and when you get a reader and a story that can take you away, it is a find!  Nothing annoys me more than a poor or monotoned reader or one who places inflections in inappropriate places, like news readers.  I loved the sound effects coupled with an excellent reader and the two added to the experience of listening to this book.  I also liked that the story was partly done in first person.  The main character initially doesn't seem to have much to offer the world.....I listen to books on tape constantly and when you get a reader and a story that can take you away, it is a find!  Nothing annoys me more than a poor or monotoned reader or one who places inflections in inappropriate places, like news readers.  I loved the sound effects coupled with an excellent reader and the two added to the experience of listening to this book.  I also liked that the story was partly done in first person.  The main character initially doesn't seem to have much to offer the world.....Anyway, there are others who have diagramed the story, I just wanted to say, I enjoyed it and the way it was presented in audio version.
 I love this book in conjunction with Dr. Perricone's books. They compliment each other nicely. A great tweak to feeling and looking better
 For those of you who might find the first Found book or this second one offensive in its content -- guess what? -- life is offensive. And for that matter, life is also often tragic, poignant, ironic, hysterically funny, random, and sometimes all of these things at once... the "Found" books and the magazines reflect all of these aspects of everyday life. That's what makes it so remarkable. Indeed, how many books can cause you to giggle and feel emotionally vulnerable within two pages? This work by Davy Rothbart, co-editor Jason Bitner, and all the Found crew deserves praise because this is a cross-section of humanity stripped down to its beautiful bare essentials. If, several thousand years from now, (android? zombie?) archeologists study our current century, they might go through our trash. Think of "Found" as giving them a headstart.
 My sons, 4 and 8, saw this book at a well know book store and loved it.  It costs $20.00 there, so $13.00 is a steal.  They love the pictures and the book is very attractive and "cool" looking
 My daughter received this book for her 7th birthday.  She loves all  the details and can read it over and over again.  These pop-ups are amazing!  I would highly recommend this book to anyone with a little princess of their own. 
 I am from Romania and the book arrived in about 2 weeks. I am very pleased of it, it has no damages, it arrived quickly and, most important, it's a very good book. A touching story that will make you laugh and cry. I recommend it
 Great book!  It's comprehensive and easy to understand.  Highly recommended textbook. 
 Have read the whole Leaphorn/Chee series by Tony Hillerman. This is one of the better ones - the subject is topical and the characters take on more definition. The overall "feel" is that this time, the subject is of a more personal nature to Tony Hillerman? A good read
 This is a great book about risk.  Very valuable.  Written in a clear and easy to understand style.This is a great book about risk.  Very valuable.  Written in a clear and easy to understand style.A bargain at 5 times the price.  You can't get this info and data anywhere else
 John Lynch wrote a classic in Spanish-American Revolutions 1808-1826. He masterfully describes all the events that led to the independence of Latin America from Spain. The book starts in Rio de La Plata and ends in Mexico and Central America. Curiously one can note a common pattern of highly stratified societies lead by Spanish officials and merchants in not complete harmony with the Creole ruling class. The reluctance of Spanish Monarchy (and later even of liberals) led to independence basically motivated for the economic and social interests of the Creoles (Spanish born in America). For all of those who are interested in a better understanding of Latin American societies of today this great book is a must. Lynch cleverly combines historical and economic facts about the Hispanic American societies looking for free trade and in such a way clashing with the status quo of monopolies imposed by the decaying metropolis.  Two thumbs up
 I can recite most of it from memory, I love it so!  I tell people about it all the time and recommend it (along with Alexander Who Used To Be Rich Last Sunday) as a staple in every library.  It's a great one to have even if you don't have kids (sometimes the little buggers show up for visits!) This book does a hilarious job of pointing out to kids that some days just stink and that you live through them anyway.  The illustations have some great humor for the adults.  Read it aloud to someone you love! Aura Mae, Author of Get Some Hairapy - a hairdresser's prescription for happiness
 I recommend that most people do NOT read this book.  If you choose to ignore me and you read the work anyway, please first be remotely acquainted with and keep in mind a few things before you attempt to do so (and certainly before you try to express an ostensibly reputable opinion on Amazon): **magical realism**; Jewish history, religion, culture and humor(although the last is perhaps redundant); memory; folk lore; the English language; love; the nature of histories; sex; death; pain; narrative style and voice; the multiplicity of human, and likewise Jewish, experience; imagination.  I will assert, because I hope it is true, that you don't need to all of these things to enjoy "Illuminated," but you do need to be familiar with some of it.  And you must be willing to spend some time with this book to enjoy it.  All those with self-diagnosed A.D.D. need not bother cracking the spine. However, even if you qualify despite the rigor of what may be required of you, everything may be indeed sadly "obfuscated."  Or perhaps less disappointingly, only partly obfuscated.  If so, don't get angry. Don't curse the gods or creative writing programs. And certainly, if you are going to write bad reviews on Amazon, preface it first with your own faults as a reader. Lastly, buck up.  Read another book.  Even the Bible (another little book high up on the best seller's list) is not for everyone.I recommend that most people do NOT read this book.  If you choose to ignore me and you read the work anyway, please first be remotely acquainted with and keep in mind a few things before you attempt to do so (and certainly before you try to express an ostensibly reputable opinion on Amazon): **magical realism**; Jewish history, religion, culture and humor(although the last is perhaps redundant); memory; folk lore; the English language; love; the nature of histories; sex; death; pain; narrative style and voice; the multiplicity of human, and likewise Jewish, experience; imagination.  I will assert, because I hope it is true, that you don't need to all of these things to enjoy "Illuminated," but you do need to be familiar with some of it.  And you must be willing to spend some time with this book to enjoy it.  All those with self-diagnosed A.D.D. need not bother cracking the spine. However, even if you qualify despite the rigor of what may be required of you, everything may be indeed sadly "obfuscated."  Or perhaps less disappointingly, only partly obfuscated.  If so, don't get angry. Don't curse the gods or creative writing programs. And certainly, if you are going to write bad reviews on Amazon, preface it first with your own faults as a reader. Lastly, buck up.  Read another book.  Even the Bible (another little book high up on the best seller's list) is not for everyone.And for those of you out there who disagree to my approach with this review of "Illuminated", that is fine.  Dismiss it.  At least, please don't take the advice of any other critic here who speaks in an equally perturbed voice.  Moreover, don't read it for the reviews...Actually stop reading reviews. Now
 In my opinion, besides "Beyond Bodybuilding", this book is the best "value for money" by Pavel so far. Two hundred something pages are saturated with information. Explanations on how and why are thorough and comprehensive. Description of techniques of exercises are not missing the smallest detail. Highly recommended for training freaks.
 It's been several years since I read the book.  Saw it recently, the book seems to be a favorite, of the coffee-house, talky, chattering, left, Marx-Freud-Rousseau crowd.    It's been several years since I read the book.  Saw it recently, the book seems to be a favorite, of the coffee-house, talky, chattering, left, Marx-Freud-Rousseau crowd.    However, all this at talk of a "just society" and the "underprivileged" can and does mean only one thing:  A POLICE STATE.   However, all this at talk of a "just society" and the "underprivileged" can and does mean only one thing:  A POLICE STATE.   Anytime, a so-called "theory" attempts to create a utopian state, there will be coercion.   Anytime, there is coercion, you will infringe upon individual rights, freedom of speech, freedom of association and freedom to govern one's own life.  Anytime, a so-called "theory" attempts to create a utopian state, there will be coercion.   Anytime, there is coercion, you will infringe upon individual rights, freedom of speech, freedom of association and freedom to govern one's own life.  Instead of a "police state" in the form of a theory of justice.  He should have written a book titled "A Theory of Liberty"  Any society without liberty as the foundation will have coercion and hence the destruction of liberty.   However, this book remains the coffee-house favorite.Instead of a "police state" in the form of a theory of justice.  He should have written a book titled "A Theory of Liberty"  Any society without liberty as the foundation will have coercion and hence the destruction of liberty.   However, this book remains the coffee-house favorite.Rawls was an "Ivory Tower Pinhead".  A brief bio states that he was a professor all his adult life.  What kind of adults spend their whole life having fake, phony, welfare for intellectual, make-believe jobs like being a professor of political theory. What dat?????  Oh, Please get a real job.Rawls was an "Ivory Tower Pinhead".  A brief bio states that he was a professor all his adult life.  What kind of adults spend their whole life having fake, phony, welfare for intellectual, make-believe jobs like being a professor of political theory. What dat?????  Oh, Please get a real job.#1.   THOSE CANNOT DO WILL TEACH.....#1.   THOSE CANNOT DO WILL TEACH.....So much for the ivory tower pinhead.   A theory of justice will lead to a police state, a state of coercion.   What we need is theory of LIBERTY
 Another beautiful contribution by this author. Love letters to make you weep, smile, laugh and imagine . . . or remember . . .  how it feels to love and be loved
 What lessons, if any, do past social movements teach American citizens?  Is change feasible in today's society?  Howard Zinn attempts to answer these two questions, along with a number of others, in his book entitled 'You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times.'  A beautifully written and inspirational book, 'You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train' is quintessential Zinn-direct, yet optimistic.  Zinn's central argument is that we are all capable of participating in change, however, for change to occur, we must all experience a social and political reawakening.  Zinn's book offers the reader a more hopeful version of politics and society.  Yet, such a version is only feasible if we, as Americans, actively participate in the political process.  This involvement will fill ones soul with a sense of meaning, and in the end will create a better world for all to live in.  For those interested in the history of American society, politics, and social justice issues, 'You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train' is a marvelous book filled with inspiration
 This book should be a mandatory read for every parent & parent to be.  What an eye opener!!!  This book gives you things to look for in predators...how they operate.  There are comments from real predators as well as victims.  The book can be difficult to read at times.  People are truly sick!  But it gives parents power in what to look for & how talk to your child(ren).  MUST READ!
 I've been a Sendak junkie since I was a kid. His books have always been among my very favorites, and I'm happy to say they're among my kids' favorites as well. I also love pop-ups, so I was really excited to learn about this book. And I must say, my expectations have been surpassed.I've been a Sendak junkie since I was a kid. His books have always been among my very favorites, and I'm happy to say they're among my kids' favorites as well. I also love pop-ups, so I was really excited to learn about this book. And I must say, my expectations have been surpassed.The story line is very simple: a young child looks for his Mommy, encountering various monsters along the way and defeating them in creative ways. There are only a few written words in the book. But the story that the pictures tell is wonderful. What child wouldn't be delighted by a book in which a kid defeats the wolfman by pantsing him? Nosferatu gets a binky! And there's a ton of detail in the pictures as well. My girls like to spend several minutes looking at each page spread.The story line is very simple: a young child looks for his Mommy, encountering various monsters along the way and defeating them in creative ways. There are only a few written words in the book. But the story that the pictures tell is wonderful. What child wouldn't be delighted by a book in which a kid defeats the wolfman by pantsing him? Nosferatu gets a binky! And there's a ton of detail in the pictures as well. My girls like to spend several minutes looking at each page spread.Then there are the pop-ups. This book is really a paper engineering marvel. The pop-up bits are enormously detailed and full of movement. My favorite part is when the boy unwraps the mummy. It's an understatement to say the pop-ups are spectacular.Then there are the pop-ups. This book is really a paper engineering marvel. The pop-up bits are enormously detailed and full of movement. My favorite part is when the boy unwraps the mummy. It's an understatement to say the pop-ups are spectacular.The only reservation at all I have about this book is that my kids will probably love it to death. Like another reviewer, I think I'm going to buy them their own copy and keep one for myself!The only reservation at all I have about this book is that my kids will probably love it to death. Like another reviewer, I think I'm going to buy them their own copy and keep one for myself!If you have the least interest in Sendak or pop-ups, or think you might, buy this book
 First, a few words about each of the four different stories.First, a few words about each of the four different stories.First, a few words about each of the four different stories."The Man in the Black Suit" - 3 stars"The Man in the Black Suit" - 3 starsThis is a story about a 9-year-old boy who meets the Devil himself. It's a very scary experience for the boy, especially because his older brother died the year before and now the Devil tells him that his mother has just died in the same way.This is a story about a 9-year-old boy who meets the Devil himself. It's a very scary experience for the boy, especially because his older brother died the year before and now the Devil tells him that his mother has just died in the same way.This is the weakest of the four stories because the Devil, although being scary, doesn't really come across as a serious threat. What kind of second-rate Devil is it that can't even catch a boy who decides to run away from him?This is the weakest of the four stories because the Devil, although being scary, doesn't really come across as a serious threat. What kind of second-rate Devil is it that can't even catch a boy who decides to run away from him?In "Everything's Eventual" Stephen King writes that this story won a prestigious "best short story" award in 1996, much to his surprise. That surprises me too, because in my opinion this story is not that great.In "Everything's Eventual" Stephen King writes that this story won a prestigious "best short story" award in 1996, much to his surprise. That surprises me too, because in my opinion this story is not that great.In "Everything's Eventual" Stephen King writes that this story won a prestigious "best short story" award in 1996, much to his surprise. That surprises me too, because in my opinion this story is not that great."All That You Love Will Be Carried Away" - 5 stars"All That You Love Will Be Carried Away" - 5 starsThis is the shortest story (only 35 minutes) and one of the two best ones in this collection. Alfie Zimmer is a traveling salesman in the American Midwest. He has an amazing hobby and he's tired of life. But if he commits suicide, what will everyone think of his hobby?This is the shortest story (only 35 minutes) and one of the two best ones in this collection. Alfie Zimmer is a traveling salesman in the American Midwest. He has an amazing hobby and he's tired of life. But if he commits suicide, what will everyone think of his hobby?What makes this story so good are the very detailed and evocative descriptions of the conditions under which a traveling salesman lives. Alfie's strange hobby is also captivating, as are the descriptions of the landscape and isolated towns in the bleak and barren Midwest.What makes this story so good are the very detailed and evocative descriptions of the conditions under which a traveling salesman lives. Alfie's strange hobby is also captivating, as are the descriptions of the landscape and isolated towns in the bleak and barren Midwest.In "Everything's Eventual" Stephen King admits that Alfie's strange hobby was actually something he did himself!In "Everything's Eventual" Stephen King admits that Alfie's strange hobby was actually something he did himself!In "Everything's Eventual" Stephen King admits that Alfie's strange hobby was actually something he did himself!"The Death of Jack Hamilton" - 4 stars"The Death of Jack Hamilton" - 4 starsThis is a very unusual story for Stephen King. It tells a "mythical" story about the 1934 death of Jack Hamilton, member of the John Dillinger gang. Homer Van Meter, another gang member, purportedly tells the story.This is a very unusual story for Stephen King. It tells a "mythical" story about the 1934 death of Jack Hamilton, member of the John Dillinger gang. Homer Van Meter, another gang member, purportedly tells the story.John Dillinger, Jack Hamilton and Homer Van Meter were all real people. You can find a lot of interesting background information about them by doing an Internet search for John Dillinger.John Dillinger, Jack Hamilton and Homer Van Meter were all real people. You can find a lot of interesting background information about them by doing an Internet search for John Dillinger.Despite the fact that these were all ruthless gangsters we find ourselves sympathizing with them. Stephen King's approach to the story is that gangsters are also human beings. The slow death of Jack Hamilton and the efforts of John Dillinger to get him medical help and Dillinger's distress as Jack Hamilton's condition worsens are powerful images.Despite the fact that these were all ruthless gangsters we find ourselves sympathizing with them. Stephen King's approach to the story is that gangsters are also human beings. The slow death of Jack Hamilton and the efforts of John Dillinger to get him medical help and Dillinger's distress as Jack Hamilton's condition worsens are powerful images.Despite the fact that these were all ruthless gangsters we find ourselves sympathizing with them. Stephen King's approach to the story is that gangsters are also human beings. The slow death of Jack Hamilton and the efforts of John Dillinger to get him medical help and Dillinger's distress as Jack Hamilton's condition worsens are powerful images."That Feeling, You Can Only Say What It Is in French" - 5 stars"That Feeling, You Can Only Say What It Is in French" - 5 starsThis is the best story in the collection. Carol was brought up as a strict Catholic, but then, during the first years of her marriage to Bill, she had an abortion. Now she and Bill are supposed to be celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary and Carol is being subjected to a horrendous punishment for what she did.This is the best story in the collection. Carol was brought up as a strict Catholic, but then, during the first years of her marriage to Bill, she had an abortion. Now she and Bill are supposed to be celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary and Carol is being subjected to a horrendous punishment for what she did.What makes the story fascinating is that it is not God who is punishing Carol. No, it is Carol, under the influence of her Catholic upbringing, who has prescribed her own punishment. And this punishment Carol is inflicting on herself is much worse than a benevolent God would come up with, even assuming that God considers what Carol did to be wrong.What makes the story fascinating is that it is not God who is punishing Carol. No, it is Carol, under the influence of her Catholic upbringing, who has prescribed her own punishment. And this punishment Carol is inflicting on herself is much worse than a benevolent God would come up with, even assuming that God considers what Carol did to be wrong.What makes the story fascinating is that it is not God who is punishing Carol. No, it is Carol, under the influence of her Catholic upbringing, who has prescribed her own punishment. And this punishment Carol is inflicting on herself is much worse than a benevolent God would come up with, even assuming that God considers what Carol did to be wrong.In summary, two very good stories, one good one, and one that's just OK.In summary, two very good stories, one good one, and one that's just OK.The four stories are read by four different professional readers. The total running time is approx. 3 hours 40 minutes, not 4 hours as specified on the packaging.The four stories are read by four different professional readers. The total running time is approx. 3 hours 40 minutes, not 4 hours as specified on the packaging.All four of these stories are included in the book "Everything's Eventual", along with 10 other short stories by Stephen King. If you want to save money or if you dislike audio books then "Everything's Eventual" is a better deal.All four of these stories are included in the book "Everything's Eventual", along with 10 other short stories by Stephen King. If you want to save money or if you dislike audio books then "Everything's Eventual" is a better deal.Rennie Peterse
 Fascinating exploration into the physics of cooking, written in an engaging and detailed style. Probably better for the scientist who cooks than for the cook who's into science, since the language is sometimes a little dense for the layperson. Worth working through, though, if only for the gorgeous and elegant formula for figuring out how long to boil your eggs to get them EXACTLY right.Fascinating exploration into the physics of cooking, written in an engaging and detailed style. Probably better for the scientist who cooks than for the cook who's into science, since the language is sometimes a little dense for the layperson. Worth working through, though, if only for the gorgeous and elegant formula for figuring out how long to boil your eggs to get them EXACTLY right.One caveat: the author is British, and recipes, measurements, and terms are geared for the British/European cook. This means you'll find a complete explanation of sausage rolls and nothing about popcorn. Just FYI
 Written by a senior business advisor in the fields of security, commerce, and governance with a senior strategist and communications consultant, Mapping Security: The Corporate Sourcebook For Today's Global Economy outlines how companies of today and tomorrow can effectively protect themselves against threats, remain fully accountable, and stay within the rules outlined by a hedgemony of global regulations. Detailed nation-by-nation drill downs on security in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, the Americas, and the Asia-Pacific region are particularly helpful in framing what to expect and how to prepare for it. Written in plain terms, Mapping Security is a vital resource for leaders in any multinational business, especially in today's complex world inhabited customers of diverse cultural backgrounds, not to mention increasingly savvy thieves and worse.
 Every page is an eye opener.  The author has done an excellent job revealing the side of Hillary that has so long been hidden. Every page is an eye opener.  The author has done an excellent job revealing the side of Hillary that has so long been hidden. I think America could do better by picking a different first woman president. Someone with some morals and a love of our country. She has neither. It is an important "first" that should withstand the test of time. Historians are going to have a field day writing all the trash these two are involved in. I think America could do better by picking a different first woman president. Someone with some morals and a love of our country. She has neither. It is an important "first" that should withstand the test of time. Historians are going to have a field day writing all the trash these two are involved in. Her mothering skills reveal a great deal about her character. Her child was always placed last. The only time Hillary showed any family unity was when it was necessary for the media to put her in a positive light.Her mothering skills reveal a great deal about her character. Her child was always placed last. The only time Hillary showed any family unity was when it was necessary for the media to put her in a positive light.How did these two gain so much wealth in such a short amount of time?  They did not even own property when "they" became president.  There are still a lot of questions to be answered, and many more books to be written about this family. How did these two gain so much wealth in such a short amount of time?  They did not even own property when "they" became president.  There are still a lot of questions to be answered, and many more books to be written about this family. 8 years of these two is quite enough. 
 Period
 An excellent, well explained art book, with beautiful and easy to follow illustrations. The book is a treasure chest of ideas suitable for the primary classroom. This book provides plenty of opportunities to explore the various strands of the visual arts field. A great resource for any teacher, parent or doting aunt
 A very good and indept look at Andrew Jackson. The author was very thorough including a very good look at early 19th century American. Andrew Jackson's a contraverisal President. On the good side he defeated the British at the amazing Battle of New Orleans, help in expanding into the West, a great soldier, clearly loved his wife Rachel enough to duel to defend her, and was probably the only president who could threaten a state with military force if it tried to leave the Union and tough enough to make it happen. On the flip side his percusion of Indians, the Trail of Tears, his many duels makes him a very complex and sometimes hard to understand person. But still a great biography
 Although the original Elements of Style was written in 1919 (or earlier), it still holds true that anyone who wants to learn how to write in a clear and concise manner will benefit from this book. After reading this book you'll know to avoid breaking elementary rules and principles that are made in writing: excessive  use of adjectives and adverbs, writing in the passive voice, using different tenses in writing, using the improper case of pronouns (example: using "who" when "whom" should be used and vice versa). Although the original Elements of Style was written in 1919 (or earlier), it still holds true that anyone who wants to learn how to write in a clear and concise manner will benefit from this book. After reading this book you'll know to avoid breaking elementary rules and principles that are made in writing: excessive  use of adjectives and adverbs, writing in the passive voice, using different tenses in writing, using the improper case of pronouns (example: using "who" when "whom" should be used and vice versa). One of the most important things that the writer stands to gain from this book is an improvement in his writing style. After reading this book, you will know how to write in a way that comes naturally, write with nouns and pronouns (not superfluous adverbs and adjectives), write and then rewrite, but do not overwrite and overstate, use orthodox spelling, do not explain too much, avoid fancy words, be clear, do not inject opinions, use figures of speech sparingly, and countless other helpful techniques.  One of the most important things that the writer stands to gain from this book is an improvement in his writing style. After reading this book, you will know how to write in a way that comes naturally, write with nouns and pronouns (not superfluous adverbs and adjectives), write and then rewrite, but do not overwrite and overstate, use orthodox spelling, do not explain too much, avoid fancy words, be clear, do not inject opinions, use figures of speech sparingly, and countless other helpful techniques.  To say that this book should be required reading for all writers is an understatement. This book should be required reading for anyone that writes
 I have read almost all of Greg Bear's books and loved EON and ETERNITY as well as THE FORGE OF GOD  and ANVIL OF STARS. I found LEGACY a little disappointing compared to EON and ETERNITY, which preceded them. The  narrative spends a lot of time on the human interactions of the characters,  and not much time on the technological concepts of the  flaw and gate  openers, which I missed. I did finish this book and at times was quite  spellbound by it. Not Mr. Bear's best work, but a must-read if you have  read EON and ETERNITY
 Someday, I would love to travel to the places that Ann Rule writes about! As she is so discriptive, I usually feel like I have known these places, and the people she writes about, although...I have never been. These cases she presents in NO REGRETS, are as REAL to me, as if I'd known them, and felt the sorrow of their loss! My personal favorite was A Very Bad Christmas..I usually like her Christmas ones, like Black Christmas in Vol.2! I have always planned to review all her books (of which I own), they are all wonderful, and Amazon has them. Just buy them, you'll be glad you did
 My only caveat about this otherwise enjoyable installment in the Eve Dallas series is that the web site did not prominently state (i.e., I missed it!) that this had previously been published as part of an anthology. I made the mistake of only checking the publishing date, decided it was a new novella published independently (as would be deserved, given the track record of the series), and ordered it without checking further. My bad. But a reminder to readers who want to buy everything from the series -- be sure to read the description carefully enough to determine whether it is a previously-published-in-a-book-you-already-own item!
 I've been staring at a copy of Thomas Friedman's 'From Beirut to Jerusalem' on my shelf for nearly a year now, meaning to read it but always drawn to something else.  Finally, recent events demanded that I learn more and I finally pulled it down, dusted it off, and read it.  I'm so glad I did, especially now.I've been staring at a copy of Thomas Friedman's 'From Beirut to Jerusalem' on my shelf for nearly a year now, meaning to read it but always drawn to something else.  Finally, recent events demanded that I learn more and I finally pulled it down, dusted it off, and read it.  I'm so glad I did, especially now.The book is not the easiest read, since it delves into a lot of regional history and politics, which gets complex no matter what you do.  Friedman's writing style, however, goes a long way towards making the text quite accessible for just about anyone, and his unique perspective on the events that he witnessed and covered in his role as a journalist keeps it interesting and always relevant.The book is not the easiest read, since it delves into a lot of regional history and politics, which gets complex no matter what you do.  Friedman's writing style, however, goes a long way towards making the text quite accessible for just about anyone, and his unique perspective on the events that he witnessed and covered in his role as a journalist keeps it interesting and always relevant.What I really appreciated about the way Friedman presents his story is that it really is HIS story.  He is obviously a man gifted with a keen sense of observation, and so he picks up on many details others might miss, such as the faces of Israeli soldiers or the opinions of Lebanese taxi drivers.  But still, the story is told mainly through events he observed directly -- he just happened to be there for many of the events that shaped the Middle East as it is today.  He tells it in both large and small terms, from some of the politicians he met and interviewed to discussions he had with neighbors and colleagues while living in the region.  The result is that you get the broad spectrum of what was going on in the region, particularly in the 1980's, a critical decade of events.What I really appreciated about the way Friedman presents his story is that it really is HIS story.  He is obviously a man gifted with a keen sense of observation, and so he picks up on many details others might miss, such as the faces of Israeli soldiers or the opinions of Lebanese taxi drivers.  But still, the story is told mainly through events he observed directly -- he just happened to be there for many of the events that shaped the Middle East as it is today.  He tells it in both large and small terms, from some of the politicians he met and interviewed to discussions he had with neighbors and colleagues while living in the region.  The result is that you get the broad spectrum of what was going on in the region, particularly in the 1980's, a critical decade of events.I also appreciated Friedman's fairness throughout the book. From his perspective on the Lebanese government to the Palestinian intifada to the Israeli occupation to the American involvement in the region, he deals with all of the players fairly, whether big or small, famous or unknown.  That's not to say he doesn't have criticisms -- certainly, he has plenty to say about everyone...but one is never left with the feeling that he has been too harsh on one side and lenient on the other.  Friedman's willingness to observe with an unbiased eye and ear is key to the strength of this book.I also appreciated Friedman's fairness throughout the book. From his perspective on the Lebanese government to the Palestinian intifada to the Israeli occupation to the American involvement in the region, he deals with all of the players fairly, whether big or small, famous or unknown.  That's not to say he doesn't have criticisms -- certainly, he has plenty to say about everyone...but one is never left with the feeling that he has been too harsh on one side and lenient on the other.  Friedman's willingness to observe with an unbiased eye and ear is key to the strength of this book.Even with the newer added chapters, dealing with the late 1980's and early 1990's, this book cannot be considered a "complete" history of the Middle East, or even of the events of the last 50 years.  However, it is not meant to be that, I think.  What Friedman has documented here is an excellent primer for anyone interested in learning more about how we got to where we are today in Lebanon and Israel and Palestine.  The book is not an end in itself, but for someone who wants to learn more about the region that is in the news almost every day, this is an excellent place to start.Even with the newer added chapters, dealing with the late 1980's and early 1990's, this book cannot be considered a "complete" history of the Middle East, or even of the events of the last 50 years.  However, it is not meant to be that, I think.  What Friedman has documented here is an excellent primer for anyone interested in learning more about how we got to where we are today in Lebanon and Israel and Palestine.  The book is not an end in itself, but for someone who wants to learn more about the region that is in the news almost every day, this is an excellent place to start.The only way to avoid repeating the mistakes of the past is to learn from them. As such, 'From Beirut to Jerusalem' should be required reading today
 In "The Year of the Jackpot", a statistician graphs the points of convergence of cyclycal events.  Overlapping his graphs, he notices that the  wavy lines are approaching extremes.  Interesting times.The story "By His Bootstraps" is not logically sound: How did Bob Wilsonget to the other side of the Gate so that he could operate the Gate beforesending for the first version of himself?"The Menace From Earth" tackles Earth Moon female jealousy."Sky Lift" details the heroism of a rocket pilot carying an antidote to thePluto colony.  "Goldfish Bowl" asks: What if humans were kept as pets bydisinterested intelligent beings?  "Project Nightmare" is aboutPsionic humans who are able to locate nuclear devices and prevent atomic fusion -- using psi ability.  "Water is for Washing" is about a megaearthquake that creates a new sea between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate.  The Gulf of California extends to Los Angeles
 My son (34) is currently incarcerated.  He asked for this book so I had it sent to him.  He holds on to it for dear life and swears, had he read this years ago, it would have changed his life for the better and he wouldn't be where he's at.  He raved so much, he insisted I order one for myself.  I did.  In summary, what I derived from the reading was one must be callous in this life and put yourself first.  Otherwise, you'll be no more than a stepping stone for others.  It's a good book but I oftentimes got lost in all its references to those that preceded us by 500-600 years.  Fellow inmates that have the book feel the same as my son.  It's a Bible to them and they refuse to part with it for others to read for fear it will never be returned to them
 Serious genealogists hobbyists and professionals will be excited by this new resource, which thoroughly explains the new science of DNA testing and how it can be applied to family history research. Although this book is not for everyone, if you have successfully passed high school biology, you should be able to manage the information and its technology in this excellent reference. Wouldn't it be interesting for a man and his wife to go back in time to discover about when they might have had an ancestor in common? DNA testing and analysis had give you that and much more. It can even give you an idea what part of the world your pre-historical ancestors lived and migrated to. The authors practice what they preach and tell how we can do it too, with many DNA labs and companies listed and compared. We rated this book four hearts
  Dorothy Parker was a great writer and a great social observant who now gives us a clear window into the past. Her wit is biting and at it's best in this collection, favourite reads are for the individual to decide, however, for me, as well as cheering me up with her razor sharp observation and almost cruel wit. Parker also saddens me for her wit must have been based on the cynacism of one who viewed her life as overindulged and wasted by circumstance, as a wealthy woman and as a woman in her time. Reading her is alawys like laughing with a red hot tear in your eye, for her work is as much an insight into her soul as it is to her lifetime and lifestyle
 I rented this book from the library about a year or so ago. I LOVED it! I'm back here now b/c I'm putting it on my wishlist for Christmas! I want to read it again and again. I'd never read Erica Jong or anything about Sappho. I saw Erica on The Daily Show and they talked about this book and I ran to the library. You should buy this book! Greatness
 This book is like a long short story that centers around Danny and a period that he is at Yale.  He and his friends are preparing for a big party.  The book goes on to follow Danny as he tries to start a relationship with Polly (who is sometimes on sometimes off in her relationship with one of her professors) while remembering about a local girl back home named Cindy who he kind of left in the lurch after they finally went all the way.  This book is like a long short story that centers around Danny and a period that he is at Yale.  He and his friends are preparing for a big party.  The book goes on to follow Danny as he tries to start a relationship with Polly (who is sometimes on sometimes off in her relationship with one of her professors) while remembering about a local girl back home named Cindy who he kind of left in the lurch after they finally went all the way.  Just before Danny is ready to go home for spring break and work on his father's mobile lunchmobile, Cindy arrives at the school with a big surprise.  This changes Danny's view on things and makes him numb to the point that he even doesn't care when some toughs try to hone in on his father's lunch route and threaten him.Just before Danny is ready to go home for spring break and work on his father's mobile lunchmobile, Cindy arrives at the school with a big surprise.  This changes Danny's view on things and makes him numb to the point that he even doesn't care when some toughs try to hone in on his father's lunch route and threaten him.Danny goes back to school after the break and after resolving his issues with Cindy to attend the big bash that his friend Matt was planning at the beginning of the book.Danny goes back to school after the break and after resolving his issues with Cindy to attend the big bash that his friend Matt was planning at the beginning of the book.This book like one of his later works, Little Children, shows Perrota's talent for creating intriguing characters in such short novels.  This book like the other seems to end too prematurely and definately screams out for a sequel!This book like one of his later works, Little Children, shows Perrota's talent for creating intriguing characters in such short novels.  This book like the other seems to end too prematurely and definately screams out for a sequel!Perrota is a super talented writer and I would love to seem him develop a much larger complete novel than leave the audience hanging at the end of another short one
 I read 1776 shortly sfter having read McCullough's John Adams so some of the same ground was covered but from a different perspective, I found 1776 to be an interesting and smoothly flowing read. Anyone who has enjoyed and appreciated David McCullough's other works will enjoy 1776
 Very good book but only buy it if you are looking for a book with a very strange sense of humor. In the first story he explains his job as an Elf at Santaland and describes his daily life. It is so funny, some of the things people do there are amazing and crazy at the same time.Very good book but only buy it if you are looking for a book with a very strange sense of humor. In the first story he explains his job as an Elf at Santaland and describes his daily life. It is so funny, some of the things people do there are amazing and crazy at the same time.Don't buy this book if you are looking for a nice book to read to your young kids or just sit in front of the fire reading a romantic book while it is snowing outside.Don't buy this book if you are looking for a nice book to read to your young kids or just sit in front of the fire reading a romantic book while it is snowing outside.But if you are looking for something funny and odd at the same time, then by all means buy this book
 The twist here is that the reader knows while the characters do not.The twist here is that the reader knows while the characters do not.In a matter of minutes, nine people's fates are determined by three men sitting in a jail cell. Simply playing a "game" to pass the time, each man names three people he'd like to see killed. When the first man is released, three people become a target as he follows through with the game.In a matter of minutes, nine people's fates are determined by three men sitting in a jail cell. Simply playing a "game" to pass the time, each man names three people he'd like to see killed. When the first man is released, three people become a target as he follows through with the game.The first in a trilogy, Dead Wrong gets it dead right. Mara Douglas is on one of the men's list, and it's up to Aidan Shields to protect her. While the book is decidedly light on the traditional sex part of a romantic suspense, it is implied. The first in a trilogy, Dead Wrong gets it dead right. Mara Douglas is on one of the men's list, and it's up to Aidan Shields to protect her. While the book is decidedly light on the traditional sex part of a romantic suspense, it is implied. I liked both characters, and Aidan avoids being the atypical surly alpha male with surprising charm and affection.I liked both characters, and Aidan avoids being the atypical surly alpha male with surprising charm and affection.I can't wait for Dead Certain, which follows the second man as he is released from jail and takes up the gauntlet thrown down by the first man. I got this one from the library, but I certainly will buy the next two
 Would you like to bake Portugese Egg Tarts, Middle Eastern Pizzas with Lamb and Pine Nuts, Almond Milk Bread?  Or how about Tender Potato Bread, Velvety Bean Bread, Dom's Italian Boules and Focaccia?  Would you like to bake Portugese Egg Tarts, Middle Eastern Pizzas with Lamb and Pine Nuts, Almond Milk Bread?  Or how about Tender Potato Bread, Velvety Bean Bread, Dom's Italian Boules and Focaccia?  There's also, Sweet Potato Rolls, Cranberry-Chocolate Sweet Buns, Chelsea Buns, Truck-Stop Cinnamon Rolls, Sticky Buns, Cathead Skillet Biscuits, Bangkok Waffles with Dipping Sauce, Snowshoe Bread, Ciabatta, Irish Potato Bread, New Year's Pear Cake, Naomi's Any-Day Skillet Cake, Brazilian Bolo, Martha's Mother's Cookies, and so on. There's also, Sweet Potato Rolls, Cranberry-Chocolate Sweet Buns, Chelsea Buns, Truck-Stop Cinnamon Rolls, Sticky Buns, Cathead Skillet Biscuits, Bangkok Waffles with Dipping Sauce, Snowshoe Bread, Ciabatta, Irish Potato Bread, New Year's Pear Cake, Naomi's Any-Day Skillet Cake, Brazilian Bolo, Martha's Mother's Cookies, and so on. Or, if you are ready for a trip to Tibet, Wales, Syria, Brazil, France, and/or Italy--it's here, too.  Please enjoy this wonderful book--in the kitchen for those you care for, and on the couch with a cup of coffee--and one of these finished recipes, of course
 This book provides an excellent guide to finding and hiring the right people for your organization.  If the procedures outlined here are learned and followed, one can be certain of consistently better hiring decisions in the future
 Once again John Patterson has created a master thriller in the Alex Cross series.Character development is well done as is the plot line. One can't help but be drawn into the story and feeling the tension.This is another winner
 I read "Six Frigates" sailing south down the coast of Australia from Hamilton Island in the Whitsunday group. I read "Six Frigates" sailing south down the coast of Australia from Hamilton Island in the Whitsunday group. Keen to dodge a storm, we did a 48 hour dash down to the safety of Yepoon running a 3 hours on/3 hours off watch cycle. Problem was I didnt get any sleep. I was too deep inside Six Frigates. Back on deck, I'd update my watch on what I'd just read. They loved it. Sailing by instalments.Keen to dodge a storm, we did a 48 hour dash down to the safety of Yepoon running a 3 hours on/3 hours off watch cycle. Problem was I didnt get any sleep. I was too deep inside Six Frigates. Back on deck, I'd update my watch on what I'd just read. They loved it. Sailing by instalments.Ian Toll's a wonderful writer. The man is a time machine. He drops you right into the middle of the smoke-filled, blood splattered action. Patrick O'Brian fans: this is the book for you. Ian Toll's a wonderful writer. The man is a time machine. He drops you right into the middle of the smoke-filled, blood splattered action. Patrick O'Brian fans: this is the book for you. Toll's also a deft hand at dropping insights that get you thinking. Like the half-parargraph mention of Madison writing to Thomas Jefferson agreeing that a war with the arab states of north africa could easily be won, and in the process stop the attacks on US merchant ships but advises Jefferson that the issue will be the cost of then keeping the peace... Perhaps George W should have a read a little more history at college.Toll's also a deft hand at dropping insights that get you thinking. Like the half-parargraph mention of Madison writing to Thomas Jefferson agreeing that a war with the arab states of north africa could easily be won, and in the process stop the attacks on US merchant ships but advises Jefferson that the issue will be the cost of then keeping the peace... Perhaps George W should have a read a little more history at college.You'll taste the sweat and blood and salt on every page. Best read I've had in ages. And my shipmates agree!You'll taste the sweat and blood and salt on every page. Best read I've had in ages. And my shipmates agree!cheersAndrew MaloneyAboard Sonne
 The author, James Surowiecki, lays out and explores a variety of general and specific cases of groups of people acting either wisely or stupidly.  The examples are all easy to relate to, and I found them to raise meaningful questions in my mind which were answered in due course in the text. When I think of crowds, I think of unthinking masses moving together, led by tradition, habit, or an individual.  How can that be wise?  A more accurate title would be "How some groups of people can make better decisions than experts, while others act like collective idiots, and what characteristics distinguish the two types of groups", although that's hardly likely to sell as many copies. :-) For me this really shed some light on my past experiences of participating in successful and unsuccessful teams at work.  I'd sometimes wondered why I've been on a few teams that appeared to "click" (smart people who want to work together to achieve a common goal), but our results weren't great, whereas other teams have been successful.  What was it that made a good team?  I had some of the pieces, felt I still had some real gaps in my knowledge.  This book certainly helped. To paraphrase the basic idea that I took away from the book, teams of people can achieve superior results if:1 Each individual on the team is well informed; 2 The work of one individual does not influence the work of another; 3 There is an objective method to aggregate individual conclusions into a group conclusion.As simple as they sound, there are many ways to fail, and the book does a great job of exploring a variety of phenomena that cause failure.
 This book is fun comical book for children who want to read something mysterious. This cute book gives the reader the enthusiasm in turning the pages to see what happens of the young boy going into a creepy house focusing on the search of his mother. This book is fun comical book for children who want to read something mysterious. This cute book gives the reader the enthusiasm in turning the pages to see what happens of the young boy going into a creepy house focusing on the search of his mother. Cynthia Marie Rizzo, author of "Julie and the Unicorn" and "Angela and the Princess
 It's an easy read and can be applied immediately to you situation. The book brings the basics of leadership traits and principles to the reader similar to the military leadership books I've read in the USMC. So many times have I held jobs where a manager, although excellent in managing projects, through some lack of sensitity or judgement created an uproar that cause moral to fall and people to become resentful and leave. There are many stories in the press of managers and CEOs restricting "bathroom breaks", playing favorites, freezing wages and laying off employees while taking huge "bonuses" like American Airlines and ENRON. What's present here is basic but essential information for anyone in a leadership roll whether at work, church functions, or managing a family trip. This should be required reading for everyone BEFORE you find yourself in a situation as leader. The boss could be out for a whole month  tommorrow. Can you keep the team working smoothly while the boss is out or is it party time
 Again, Jodi Picoult is excellent. You are truly able to engolf yourself in the characters and thier emotions
 I've read this book four times through the years since I first bought it.  The love between the two main characters, though a forbidden love, is so beautiful and magical it made me cry for Meggy and Father Ralph.I've read this book four times through the years since I first bought it.  The love between the two main characters, though a forbidden love, is so beautiful and magical it made me cry for Meggy and Father Ralph.Not only is this an unforgettable love story, it's also a great education about sheep farming in Australia.  Magnificent description of a then harsh land.  The dialogue is believable, the characters so very real ...  I didn't simply read this book, I experienced it.  When the characters laughed, I laughed, and when they cried, my heart broke for them.Not only is this an unforgettable love story, it's also a great education about sheep farming in Australia.  Magnificent description of a then harsh land.  The dialogue is believable, the characters so very real ...  I didn't simply read this book, I experienced it.  When the characters laughed, I laughed, and when they cried, my heart broke for them.Poor little Meggy ... poor father Ralph.  How bittersweet and memorable.Poor little Meggy ... poor father Ralph.  How bittersweet and memorable.I really can't get over the quality of this book and the sensitivity of the author.I really can't get over the quality of this book and the sensitivity of the author.Review by Betty Dravis, author of a new epic love story, 1106 GRAND BOULEVAR
 This book has changed my life. It is amazing how much I learned about myself. Now I understand my wife and other people, and I don't judge them anymore. My relations to others is now easear and less stressfull. Thanks
 Good, high-level analysis of current US vs European international relations written from a conservative perspective.   As with any book covering fluid world events this book can only provide a snapshot, circa 2000-04, of those events.  But there are two significant underlying assumption in this book: Good, high-level analysis of current US vs European international relations written from a conservative perspective.   As with any book covering fluid world events this book can only provide a snapshot, circa 2000-04, of those events.  But there are two significant underlying assumption in this book: First, as the single greatest world power, the US will project its power for decades in any region of the world it feels has long-term impact to its strategic goals, such as Europe throughout the entire Cold War, Southeast Asia in the 60's & 70's and in the Middle East today.  First, as the single greatest world power, the US will project its power for decades in any region of the world it feels has long-term impact to its strategic goals, such as Europe throughout the entire Cold War, Southeast Asia in the 60's & 70's and in the Middle East today.  Second, US historically has viewed itself as the proponent of the spread of liberal democracy through out the world.  Second, US historically has viewed itself as the proponent of the spread of liberal democracy through out the world.  Rather than focusing on the snipping back and forth between the US & Europe, the two major assumptions of this book could serve as a litmus test to observe how current US foreign policy in the Middle East plays itself out over the next few decades.  Is it merely a current political view or a historic shift in strategic focus to a different region of the world? Stay tuned.Rather than focusing on the snipping back and forth between the US & Europe, the two major assumptions of this book could serve as a litmus test to observe how current US foreign policy in the Middle East plays itself out over the next few decades.  Is it merely a current political view or a historic shift in strategic focus to a different region of the world? Stay tuned.It is a well-written, quick read with meaningful subcontextual insights.   
 In some ways KM Soehnlein's THE WORLD OF NORMAL BOYS reminded me of the teenage novels of Paul Zindel.  There is that same depth of feeling along with characters that can break your heart and make you laugh at the same time.  Zindel wrote specifically for adolescents.  Soehnlein does not have those restrictions and has written a brutally honest book about homosexual experimentation among post-pubescent boys and its social implications.  Although the book is written for adults, it speaks on a deep personal level to the adolescent in all of us.In some ways KM Soehnlein's THE WORLD OF NORMAL BOYS reminded me of the teenage novels of Paul Zindel.  There is that same depth of feeling along with characters that can break your heart and make you laugh at the same time.  Zindel wrote specifically for adolescents.  Soehnlein does not have those restrictions and has written a brutally honest book about homosexual experimentation among post-pubescent boys and its social implications.  Although the book is written for adults, it speaks on a deep personal level to the adolescent in all of us.THE WORLD OF NORMAL BOYS is the story of a family that falls apart when a tragic accident befalls the youngest child.  The story is seen through the eyes of the victim's 13-year-old brother as he tries to find something to hold on to while his mother drifts into alcoholism, his father goes nuts, his sister becomes a religious fanatic (and a kleptomaniac) and he finds himself smitten with two boys.  One is Todd, the athletic and arrogant brother of his girl-pal confidante who lives next door.  The other is Scott, a boy who deals drugs, cuts school and has an alcoholic father who beats him.  All the characters are vividly rendered.  If this were ever turned into a film, the actress who plays the mother would probably win an Oscar just for her final scene in the car.THE WORLD OF NORMAL BOYS is the story of a family that falls apart when a tragic accident befalls the youngest child.  The story is seen through the eyes of the victim's 13-year-old brother as he tries to find something to hold on to while his mother drifts into alcoholism, his father goes nuts, his sister becomes a religious fanatic (and a kleptomaniac) and he finds himself smitten with two boys.  One is Todd, the athletic and arrogant brother of his girl-pal confidante who lives next door.  The other is Scott, a boy who deals drugs, cuts school and has an alcoholic father who beats him.  All the characters are vividly rendered.  If this were ever turned into a film, the actress who plays the mother would probably win an Oscar just for her final scene in the car.This is powerful and emotional writing.  I found it very moving.  It's tempting to want to recommend this book to a wide audience, but I am reticent because there are several scenes of furtive and unacknowledged sex between teenage boys that could upset some people.This is powerful and emotional writing.  I found it very moving.  It's tempting to want to recommend this book to a wide audience, but I am reticent because there are several scenes of furtive and unacknowledged sex between teenage boys that could upset some people.But I will never forget this book.  Five stars
 This is a book about beauty, passion, a longing for the thing that a true artist or lover of the arts, especially music, craves and feels, the fire that burns within. A book that dares to take one, if one dares to take that step, on a journey deep into the bare souls of it's characters. The story that unfolds is not a story that has a specific plot, or develops into dramatic changes for the characters. That is not what the author wanted to convey, and one should approach this book as one would a tale of a little piece of humanity, and not expect the characters to travel actively without. The book gives us these people, the town, the surroundings. It brings us deep into the realities, the thoughts, the complexities of the human soul. The people are good, bad, ugly, beautiful, selfish, depressed, found, or lost. But from the moment the reader of this book feels the passion for music in Mick Kelly's soul, and her yearning to soar above the squalor and desperation of the small town, then the author reveals her own soul with her words, for those that pick up on what her words show. I am still amazed at the power this book has. Any other readers here who have written that they failed to understand why one should bother reading this book, should perhaps make due with fast moving action books or glossy novels about the rich and famous.For me, this book will always be the book that made me capable of understanding how a writer weaves words together with her soul
 GODS AND GENERALS is an extremely well done and fascinating book.  The author, Jeff Shaara, did an excellent job of interpreting the characters. His task was a difficult one because his father's book, THE KILLER ANGELS is a classic in the chronicles of Civil War stories.  This book precedes the one written by his father. GODS AND GENERALS is an extremely well done and fascinating book.  The author, Jeff Shaara, did an excellent job of interpreting the characters. His task was a difficult one because his father's book, THE KILLER ANGELS is a classic in the chronicles of Civil War stories.  This book precedes the one written by his father. GODS AND GENERALS takes the reader to the beginning of the Civil War and through many of the battles. The major players in the story are Winfield Scott, Robert E. Lee, Stonewall Jackson, Winfield Hancock and Lawrence Chamberlain.  The career biographies of these famous men were striking.  After reading of their early lives and service experiences, it gave me a better understanding of just how horrible a civil war was to all of these men who had formerly served together in the Union Army. They were an outstanding group of soldiers and the sadness that they all faced was to go to war against fellow soldiers and friends.GODS AND GENERALS takes the reader to the beginning of the Civil War and through many of the battles. The major players in the story are Winfield Scott, Robert E. Lee, Stonewall Jackson, Winfield Hancock and Lawrence Chamberlain.  The career biographies of these famous men were striking.  After reading of their early lives and service experiences, it gave me a better understanding of just how horrible a civil war was to all of these men who had formerly served together in the Union Army. They were an outstanding group of soldiers and the sadness that they all faced was to go to war against fellow soldiers and friends.I listened to the unabridged books on tape version read by Dick Estell.  He brought the characters to life by his narration. This book is well worth the time and truly is an unforgettable part of our history.
 I picked up this paperback because my curiosity was stimulated by watching Mystic River, the film based on another LeHane novel. Darkness, Take My Hand did not disappoint. Different characters, same setting, and identical sense of insanity and irredeemable evil. LeHane's prose is intelligent and witty without being overbearing, a welcome change from many other authors who crank out formulaic , hackneyed language and stories in the crime genre. LeHane's descriptions jump right off the page at you. His characters are so human, so intense, their dialogue so sharp, that it's almost like watching a movie in your mind. There isn't a wasted word in this book. The suspense starts to build on page 1, and never lets up, becoming more and more menacing with each subsequent chapter. This is a stay-up-late read to finish only when you're NOT alone in the night. LeHane's other works top my summer reading list. I'd love to see what he could do in a different genre
 As a parent of an adolescent with Asperger Syndrome, I found this book easy to read and understand, with practical how-to instructions and guidelines for preparing my son to enter the work force.  I really liked the emphasis on developing social and communication skills that are found throughout the book.  This is one I will recommend to friends and relatives as well as my son's educators
 This book was hard to put down.Can't wait for the next book
 oblomov is a guy who never quite manages to do anything. he has great difficulties managing to do anything. finally a friend manages to convince Oblomov that he must be active, otherwise he will never escape his laziness. the psychology in the story is great. the plot is always simple, perhaps too slowly progressing. there is much humour in this book. the characters are truly believable
 I loved this book! The authors share technqiues from carnival barkers, magicians, and tradeshow pros who know how to grab attention and captivate any audience. While some books provide only principles, this book gives you step-by-step magic tricks, persuasion mechanisms and techniques that anyone can apply.Written in a conversational tone, this entertaining book tells you the why and the how of persuasion. Written in a conversational tone, this entertaining book tells you the why and the how of persuasion. Diane DiResta, author, Knockout Presentation
 This book is a wonderful all-color rendition which has importantfactual information on the tallest man, the tripling of thepopulation in the past half century and the spectacularOlympus Mons on the Marsian surface- just to mention a few of the many features contained.  The book is perfect forstudent projects in science and the arts. It well worth theprice charged
 Gilbert Ryle shows a great skill in condensing his whole argument in a succinct metaphor. On page 16, he writes: "A foreign stranger visiting the Oxford campus is shown libraries, department buildings, and museums. Then he asks "But where is the University?". This is the "category mistake". Cartesian question "Where is the mind?" has a same confusion, he asserts. Gilbert Ryle shows a great skill in condensing his whole argument in a succinct metaphor. On page 16, he writes: "A foreign stranger visiting the Oxford campus is shown libraries, department buildings, and museums. Then he asks "But where is the University?". This is the "category mistake". Cartesian question "Where is the mind?" has a same confusion, he asserts. A famous epigram "Ghost in the Machine" is sometimes misinterpreted. His point is that there is NO "ghost". What we think ghost (spirit) does not exist (therefore ghost!).A famous epigram "Ghost in the Machine" is sometimes misinterpreted. His point is that there is NO "ghost". What we think ghost (spirit) does not exist (therefore ghost!).Although the philosophy of ordinary language and the logical behaviorism, the British school represented by Wittgenstein and Ryle, had an its apogee in 50's, its crux of reasoning still has an important element. I still feel the current dominant school in cognitive science such as functionalism has a long way to go, before it can make it acceptable for broader spectrum of scientists whose prime mode of thinking is purely materialistic or physicalistic. 
 The Concept of Mind is a great book for several reasons. The main reason to me is that Ryle clarifies the concept of being human, while he uses language in a natural way. In stead of constructing concepts based on (for  example scientific) assumptions, he shows what we already see as obvious,  just by pointing out what we mean with our ordinary language. He is far  from reductionistic; mark the subtle irony: 'Man need not be degraded to a  machine by being denied to be a ghost in a machine. He might, after all, be  a sort of animal, namely, a higher mammal. There has yet to be ventured the  hazardous leap to the hypothesis that perhaps he is a man.
 Different, refreshing, entertaining, funny, eye opening....even better than reading the book is to listen to it (buy the Audio CD!) on a loooooong drive..
 He is a nightwalker, a Navaho vampire who because he is only half Nosferatu has the strength not to succumb to the allure of the dark side of his nature.  He is a New Mexico state police officer who is often teamed up with beautiful FBI agent Diane Lopez who not only knows what Lee Nez is but accepts him for his good heart.  Right now they are trying to infiltrate a smuggling ring made up of skinwalkers (Navaho witches) who can shape shift at night and still retain their ability to think like a human.  He is a nightwalker, a Navaho vampire who because he is only half Nosferatu has the strength not to succumb to the allure of the dark side of his nature.  He is a New Mexico state police officer who is often teamed up with beautiful FBI agent Diane Lopez who not only knows what Lee Nez is but accepts him for his good heart.  Right now they are trying to infiltrate a smuggling ring made up of skinwalkers (Navaho witches) who can shape shift at night and still retain their ability to think like a human.  These smugglers known as the Silver Eagles go to Mexico in animal form, meet with their suppliers, and return with silver and turquoise for jewelry suppliers who get their products at black market prices.  The two cops seek to arrest humans who are part of the smuggling ring and kill the shapeshifters so they no longer can carry out their evil plans.  While Diane and Lee stalk the Silver Eagles, they are hunted by a vampire who wants to kill them because they murdered her nest including her husband and brother.  They remain on guard at all times because beside each other they don't know who they can trust.These smugglers known as the Silver Eagles go to Mexico in animal form, meet with their suppliers, and return with silver and turquoise for jewelry suppliers who get their products at black market prices.  The two cops seek to arrest humans who are part of the smuggling ring and kill the shapeshifters so they no longer can carry out their evil plans.  While Diane and Lee stalk the Silver Eagles, they are hunted by a vampire who wants to kill them because they murdered her nest including her husband and brother.  They remain on guard at all times because beside each other they don't know who they can trust.Once again the Thurlos provide readers their interpretation of the vampire mythos unique to the Navaho culture.  Lee can stay in sunlight provided he uses sun block while his speed, strength and night vision make him a better police officer.  In the Thurlos world, skinwalkers are evil creatures who must be killed; a variation on the hapless victim werewolf legend.  BLOOD RETRIBUTION is a fantastic horror mystery thriller that readers of these genres will want to read.Once again the Thurlos provide readers their interpretation of the vampire mythos unique to the Navaho culture.  Lee can stay in sunlight provided he uses sun block while his speed, strength and night vision make him a better police officer.  In the Thurlos world, skinwalkers are evil creatures who must be killed; a variation on the hapless victim werewolf legend.  BLOOD RETRIBUTION is a fantastic horror mystery thriller that readers of these genres will want to read.Harriet Klausner
 Loved this book.  I think that this is a must-read for anybody working in a shelter or rescue situation.  The only negative comment is that the people who really need to read the book are not going to read it.  Working in the field, we see first-hand the changes that need to be made in our thoughts on animals. I wish that reading this book could be required before obtaining any animal. I will say that I cried during parts of the book
 "By a hypnotism that defies explanation--at least by a non-German--Hitler held the allegiance and trust of this remarkable people to the last.  It was inevitable that they would follow him blindly, like dumb cattle but also with a touching faith and even an enthusiasm that raised them above the animal herd, over the precipice to the destruction of the nation.""By a hypnotism that defies explanation--at least by a non-German--Hitler held the allegiance and trust of this remarkable people to the last.  It was inevitable that they would follow him blindly, like dumb cattle but also with a touching faith and even an enthusiasm that raised them above the animal herd, over the precipice to the destruction of the nation."This remarkable book is based principally on the captured German documents, the interrogations and testimony at the Nuremberg trials of German military officers and civilian officials, the diaries and memoirs which some of them have left, and on Shirer's experience in the Third Reich.  Shirer became one of the most respected journalists in wartime Europe.This remarkable book is based principally on the captured German documents, the interrogations and testimony at the Nuremberg trials of German military officers and civilian officials, the diaries and memoirs which some of them have left, and on Shirer's experience in the Third Reich.  Shirer became one of the most respected journalists in wartime Europe.The book is exhaustive and detailed with extensive notes and bibliography.  A bit of patience is needed to get through the dialect, often quoting Mein Kampf.  Shirer brings forth wonderful descriptions of the people who played a role in those troubled times.  The individual battles are not detailed, so one will need to refer to other sources for a more detailed look at these battles and horrors that ensued.  This is an important book for those interested in Germany and life in the Third Reich at this time. The book is exhaustive and detailed with extensive notes and bibliography.  A bit of patience is needed to get through the dialect, often quoting Mein Kampf.  Shirer brings forth wonderful descriptions of the people who played a role in those troubled times.  The individual battles are not detailed, so one will need to refer to other sources for a more detailed look at these battles and horrors that ensued.  This is an important book for those interested in Germany and life in the Third Reich at this time. The Reich rises with a quick run through of Hitler's youth and the German history, then the politics and Hitler's megalomania that led to national socialism and the rise to dictatorship.  The Treaty of Versais and the fall of the mark lead to Germany's economic fall, allowing for the people to welcome in a dictatorship, a new messiah by deceit.  The military buildup could now begin.   The coups to overthrow Hitler and the Nazis had already failed and will continue to fail throughout the war.  For the officers it was either death by Hitler or death by fighting.  The massacres of the Russians began soon after the invasion of the East.  The French and other countries were also caught up in the massacre, and William gives us the eyewitness reports.  The "Jewish cleansing" started soon after the nazis took over their first countries. The Nazis kept developing more and more efficient means of extermination and experimentation.  There is an exhaustive lead up to the start of W.W.II, the invasion of Poland.  There was freighting information discovered on what would have been in store for Britain if invaded, not to mention the world and the slaughter of Russia.  The Nazi's pinnacle arrives at about 2/3 of the way through the book where the fall begins with the Allied advance.The Reich rises with a quick run through of Hitler's youth and the German history, then the politics and Hitler's megalomania that led to national socialism and the rise to dictatorship.  The Treaty of Versais and the fall of the mark lead to Germany's economic fall, allowing for the people to welcome in a dictatorship, a new messiah by deceit.  The military buildup could now begin.   The coups to overthrow Hitler and the Nazis had already failed and will continue to fail throughout the war.  For the officers it was either death by Hitler or death by fighting.  The massacres of the Russians began soon after the invasion of the East.  The French and other countries were also caught up in the massacre, and William gives us the eyewitness reports.  The "Jewish cleansing" started soon after the nazis took over their first countries. The Nazis kept developing more and more efficient means of extermination and experimentation.  There is an exhaustive lead up to the start of W.W.II, the invasion of Poland.  There was freighting information discovered on what would have been in store for Britain if invaded, not to mention the world and the slaughter of Russia.  The Nazi's pinnacle arrives at about 2/3 of the way through the book where the fall begins with the Allied advance.It took military action eventually to stop Hitler's "New world order", not the people.  The lack of doing anything to stop Hitler from walking into the Rhineland should not be forgotten.  Does not the blame fall partly on the people, Chamberlain, and the military generals?  Maybe if more would have read Mein Kampf, and not disregarded it's contents millions would not have lost their lives.  The Nazi propaganda took over the press, and soon indoctrinated the German people.  There were many opportunities to stop Hitler by France and Britain early on.  Have we not learned anything from the past?  Is there not a parallel in our country?It took military action eventually to stop Hitler's "New world order", not the people.  The lack of doing anything to stop Hitler from walking into the Rhineland should not be forgotten.  Does not the blame fall partly on the people, Chamberlain, and the military generals?  Maybe if more would have read Mein Kampf, and not disregarded it's contents millions would not have lost their lives.  The Nazi propaganda took over the press, and soon indoctrinated the German people.  There were many opportunities to stop Hitler by France and Britain early on.  Have we not learned anything from the past?  Is there not a parallel in our country?"The Germans imposed the Nazi tyranny on themselves.""The Germans imposed the Nazi tyranny on themselves."Hegel was one of the many influences on Hitler and Marx. Hegel and Marxism is still very much alive today in humanism, nationalism, "supreme state", racism,  and mysticism
 After reading a book of Sandra Brown's that I horribly disliked, I was hesitant to give her another shot. I'm truly glad I did; The Witness was a first-rate thriller!After reading a book of Sandra Brown's that I horribly disliked, I was hesitant to give her another shot. I'm truly glad I did; The Witness was a first-rate thriller!The villains in this book are greasy, sick individuals that rather turned my stomach...just what you like when you want to get a taste of Why A Person Would Run For Their Life! Sandra Brown wrote these characters (and that of Ricki Sue-who I could easily picture!) particularly well. The baby was truly the icing on the cake: this infant motivated Kendall throughout the book and, like any mother, lived for the love of her child.The villains in this book are greasy, sick individuals that rather turned my stomach...just what you like when you want to get a taste of Why A Person Would Run For Their Life! Sandra Brown wrote these characters (and that of Ricki Sue-who I could easily picture!) particularly well. The baby was truly the icing on the cake: this infant motivated Kendall throughout the book and, like any mother, lived for the love of her child.I also loved the sexy, romantic element here-it was just enough that it didn't overwhelm the story...even better, it didn't change Kendall into a mindless goober (a state which many female characters in "romance" novels often achieve.)I also loved the sexy, romantic element here-it was just enough that it didn't overwhelm the story...even better, it didn't change Kendall into a mindless goober (a state which many female characters in "romance" novels often achieve.)The Witness succeeded on so many levels yet fell short of a full five-star rating. Perhaps it was the Crooks...they came off a bit cliche, but were still necessary characters.The Witness succeeded on so many levels yet fell short of a full five-star rating. Perhaps it was the Crooks...they came off a bit cliche, but were still necessary characters.Still, this book is an excellent, thought-provoking choice with a WOW ending. Very enjoyable
 Since reading this book in 1994, I have used it as a reference for my life AND work. Using a warm and witty style of writing, Allen teaches us the physiological and emotional benefits of mirth.  My favorite chapter title is &quot;Strike While the Irony is Hot!&quot;  So clever!! I recommend this book to friends who are facing life challenges and to everyone who attends my workshops.  On a more personal note, since embracing The Healing Power of Humor, I felt freer to add a little levity to my Aunt Alice's funeral.  My family was amazingly grateful.    Me too
 While not written at the level of technical philosophical detail as Aquinas or Pannenberg (as another review here stresses), this text is still set apart from most general theological treatments by its philosophical clarity and coherence.  This is in addition to the virtues of its serious treatment of the range of Scriptural data concerning each topic, its apologetic engagement with differing views, and its practical counsel for life and ministry.  It is a great resource for thinking through major theological issues and positions.  I recommend it highly
 My pick for the finest book of 2005. (Ok Smith's on beauty is up there too) We know from page one that we are  in the hands of a master craftsmen! Reading Ian McGawen is like watching a great pitching performance. It might be slower paced than you'd like but God is it beautiful.   Fraught with elegance and grace "Saturday" is a great read and the work of a true literary giant. I highly reccomend this book.
 Book number three in the Outlander trilogy, the fantasy historical romance of the time traveling Claire Fraser, has Claire re-unite with her 18th century husband, Jamie, who she left before the battle of Culloden in Dragonfly in Amber.  A time travel trip through the stones is once more necessary and Claire has to leave her beloved daughter Brianna behind. Book number three in the Outlander trilogy, the fantasy historical romance of the time traveling Claire Fraser, has Claire re-unite with her 18th century husband, Jamie, who she left before the battle of Culloden in Dragonfly in Amber.  A time travel trip through the stones is once more necessary and Claire has to leave her beloved daughter Brianna behind. This trip is successful and Claire is now plunged into the complicated life of Jamie, who has survived the battle but now is dealing with the post-uprising difficulties of the Scottish.  While Claire is involved with the difficulties of her re-union with Jamie, there is also a series of mysterious and violent murders in Edinborough, and the kidnapping of Jamie's nephew.  Claire and Jamie sail the high seas and encounter pirates, voodoo and slave uprisings in the Caribbean.This trip is successful and Claire is now plunged into the complicated life of Jamie, who has survived the battle but now is dealing with the post-uprising difficulties of the Scottish.  While Claire is involved with the difficulties of her re-union with Jamie, there is also a series of mysterious and violent murders in Edinborough, and the kidnapping of Jamie's nephew.  Claire and Jamie sail the high seas and encounter pirates, voodoo and slave uprisings in the Caribbean.This colorful third installment in the series at times seems like it tries a little too hard to have Claire and Jamie caught up in every possible adventure of the time period.  Nevertheless the foundation of the solid characters created and nurtured by Gabaldan weather the slightly torrid escapades of this timeless romantic couple.  One of the new characters is a bit flimsy and caricatured; the giggling, bouncy, foot-worshipping Chinaman Mr. Willoughby.  Although he later proves to be more substantial than his intial portrayal, the appearance of this character is contrived and jarring.  A note I think the story would have been better without.   This colorful third installment in the series at times seems like it tries a little too hard to have Claire and Jamie caught up in every possible adventure of the time period.  Nevertheless the foundation of the solid characters created and nurtured by Gabaldan weather the slightly torrid escapades of this timeless romantic couple.  One of the new characters is a bit flimsy and caricatured; the giggling, bouncy, foot-worshipping Chinaman Mr. Willoughby.  Although he later proves to be more substantial than his intial portrayal, the appearance of this character is contrived and jarring.  A note I think the story would have been better without.   Despite its flaws, Voyager continues the thread of a passionate romance and fascinating premise.  The time travel fantasy is portrayed well--in particular the notion of what one would bring back to the 18th century if all you could carry was in your pockets.  Combining historical romance and fantasy was a genius stroke that makes this series of continuing interest.  Gabaldon's superior narrative, likeable characters and excellent research continue and keep her audience hooked.  In light of the inherent difficulty of maintaining reader interest in a character and premise over three books, this is a highly sucessful sequel. 
 This book was stunning - I was enraptured with the writing and loved the story. So many emotions in one book. Looking forward to reading more from this author
 Angus Konstam's HISTORY OF PIRATES  uses works from the Mariners' Museum in Virginia to provide a powerful visual impact. Piracy from ancient to modern times is surveyed in a series of maps, images, and discussions that cover specific events, regions, and pirates. Plenty of historical and political background to the events place each in perspective and provide an excellent survey of mariner events of the times. There are other pirate histories on the market - but none with the commitment to visuals of HISTORY OF PIRATES.
 Until very recently the subject of animal awareness has not even been approached with the correct questions. As Rogers clearly points out, most of the research on cognition has been directed at supporting the assumption that consciousness is an exclusively human phenomenon.  An inherited predisposition to preserve a human monopoly on consciousness survives only because it appeases our omnivorous behaviors. Until very recently the subject of animal awareness has not even been approached with the correct questions. As Rogers clearly points out, most of the research on cognition has been directed at supporting the assumption that consciousness is an exclusively human phenomenon.  An inherited predisposition to preserve a human monopoly on consciousness survives only because it appeases our omnivorous behaviors. In the early 1600's Spinoza correctly determined the existence of an emotional balance. He told us that one extreme emotion will dominate the senses until such time that an equally extreme opposite emotion brings us back to emotional center. Antonio Damasio provides a compelling case that consciousness is inextricably linked to emotion in his book "The Feeling of What Happens: Body and Emotion in the Making of Consciousness". Using Damasio and Spinoza as a frame of reference it follows that each and every decision we make is based on an emotion, not a uniquely quantifiable language infused thought, as the popular human interpretation might assume. Examples of this might be choosing the color of paint, a selection from a menu, the selection of a mate or which way to turn when unsure. Animals have provided us with an exhaustive and document able list of emotional behaviors. How is it possible to arrive at the conclusion that animals are not conscious when most animals will clearly display behaviors consistent with emotional stimulus? In the early 1600's Spinoza correctly determined the existence of an emotional balance. He told us that one extreme emotion will dominate the senses until such time that an equally extreme opposite emotion brings us back to emotional center. Antonio Damasio provides a compelling case that consciousness is inextricably linked to emotion in his book "The Feeling of What Happens: Body and Emotion in the Making of Consciousness". Using Damasio and Spinoza as a frame of reference it follows that each and every decision we make is based on an emotion, not a uniquely quantifiable language infused thought, as the popular human interpretation might assume. Examples of this might be choosing the color of paint, a selection from a menu, the selection of a mate or which way to turn when unsure. Animals have provided us with an exhaustive and document able list of emotional behaviors. How is it possible to arrive at the conclusion that animals are not conscious when most animals will clearly display behaviors consistent with emotional stimulus? The last frontier of computer science is the quest for a conscious, non-human entity.Ray Kurzweil has spent the better part of his life predicting the emergence of an exponentially accelerating form of machine augmented human consciousness. In my view,  it would be safer to assume that at some point technology will provide us with means to understand the different levels of consciousness that exist. While computers struggle to redefine consciousness by passing "Turing Tests", visionary ethologists might find ways to interpret the world through different eyes. Ray Kurzweil has spent the better part of his life predicting the emergence of an exponentially accelerating form of machine augmented human consciousness. In my view,  it would be safer to assume that at some point technology will provide us with means to understand the different levels of consciousness that exist. While computers struggle to redefine consciousness by passing "Turing Tests", visionary ethologists might find ways to interpret the world through different eyes. It is exceedingly difficult to discuss the subject of animal consciousness from the point of view of the animal and avoid emotional interpretations. Lesley Rogers has given us a glimpse of this vast subject by asking the correct questions and, providing the current objective answers from each available vantage point. At a disciplined two hundred pages the book stands out as a concise introduction to the subject of Animal Cognition.
 I am a professional photographer, and I was looking for a book on lighting technique - which this book supplied excellently.I am a professional photographer, and I was looking for a book on lighting technique - which this book supplied excellently.Their step by step approach is easy to follow and understand, and all explainations have images attached so you can see what they are talking about.Their step by step approach is easy to follow and understand, and all explainations have images attached so you can see what they are talking about.They slowly build your general knowledge on how light works rather than supplying specific lighting diagrams, allowing (and suggesting that you do) you to adapt the knowledge to your own use. They then go into more detail with difficult lighting subjects such as metal, glass, and more, and how to deal with them.They slowly build your general knowledge on how light works rather than supplying specific lighting diagrams, allowing (and suggesting that you do) you to adapt the knowledge to your own use. They then go into more detail with difficult lighting subjects such as metal, glass, and more, and how to deal with them.My only complaint is that the book is starting to feel a little old, especially when they talk about colour. It is almost exclusively film based with virtually no reference to digital technology. If they were to do an updated version with more emphasis on lighting for digital, I would provide 5 stars
 This book was so different from what I thought it was about when I ordered it.  It still was knowledgeable.  It is hard to grasp as you must actually do the experimentation.  I also thought the illustrations should be in color since that is what the book is about.  It has some examples in the beginning of the book but I hate to keep looking around in books I personally like it to appear in front of me as I read.  It was a very interesting book to say the least
 Over the years I managed a staff, I grew concerned about the ignorance of basic business behavior among employees.  Asking a new staff member to read a book like this might head off some future conflicts.  Worth a try... maybe even highlight some sections that you feel are most important
 Walter Boyne's The Influence Of Air Power Upon History is an informed and informative history which examines the nature and applications of air power from the early days of the balloon to current space warfare and jets. Air power exercised in both war and peace times survey the contributions made by people and technology of each era, drawing some important links between individual achievement and usage
 The insights here are simple, straightforward and profound. It explains how modern society can sometimes put men into a no-win situation, resulting in a feeling of frustration, impotence, incompetence, and depression. The only socially acceptable way to express it is rage (even though rage is vilified, I can tell you that showing hurt, pain and weakness invites scorn, distain and disrespect, even from those who purport to love us). By explaining how we get into this trap, it helps us to understand it and thus gives us a chance to find a way out. I wish I could give a copy of this book to every man and woman in the world. I see so much of it played out every day all around us, and the pain both men and women feel because of it does so much damage. Read it before you have a crisis if you can, but if you are already in crisis, make the effort to read this book even if you can't read anything else. It might even save your life. Believe me, I know what I'm talking about.
 It was a cold and snowy February day when a stranger walked to a small country inn and ordered a meal and a private room. This stranger guards his privacy and desires solitude. His luggage consists of many bottles of powders and fluids as would be used by an experimental investigator. The local general practitioner visits the stranger, and sees something he can't believe. Then someone steals money from the Reverend Bunting although he and his wife see nobody. Later Mr. & Mrs. Hall, innkeepers, see the stranger's room is empty, until the chair moves around as if possessed by spirits. When questioned by Mrs. Hall the stranger removes his nose! Then the bandages and spectacles go, and the people see no head! When the constable comes to arrest him, the man removes all his garments and disappears into thin air. The crowd tries to grab him but he escapes. It was a cold and snowy February day when a stranger walked to a small country inn and ordered a meal and a private room. This stranger guards his privacy and desires solitude. His luggage consists of many bottles of powders and fluids as would be used by an experimental investigator. The local general practitioner visits the stranger, and sees something he can't believe. Then someone steals money from the Reverend Bunting although he and his wife see nobody. Later Mr. & Mrs. Hall, innkeepers, see the stranger's room is empty, until the chair moves around as if possessed by spirits. When questioned by Mrs. Hall the stranger removes his nose! Then the bandages and spectacles go, and the people see no head! When the constable comes to arrest him, the man removes all his garments and disappears into thin air. The crowd tries to grab him but he escapes. Mr. Thomas Marvel, a wandering tramp, is found by this Unseen and convinced to work for him. They return to the inn to fetch books and clothing. This sets off a commotion among the people there, and another chase. The panicked people fled from the streets and locked themselves in their homes. There was a story about "flying money" that was removed from shops and inns. At another inn Marvel seeks shelter, he has escaped from the Invisible Man. When this Unseen enters to take Marvel away, a bearded American fires at the Unseen with his revolver. Later the Unseen visits a physician for treatment of his wound (his blood can be seen). The Unseen has met Dr. Kemp at college, and is fed and clothed. Mr. Thomas Marvel, a wandering tramp, is found by this Unseen and convinced to work for him. They return to the inn to fetch books and clothing. This sets off a commotion among the people there, and another chase. The panicked people fled from the streets and locked themselves in their homes. There was a story about "flying money" that was removed from shops and inns. At another inn Marvel seeks shelter, he has escaped from the Invisible Man. When this Unseen enters to take Marvel away, a bearded American fires at the Unseen with his revolver. Later the Unseen visits a physician for treatment of his wound (his blood can be seen). The Unseen has met Dr. Kemp at college, and is fed and clothed. The Unseen explains the scientific principles of optical density in a general way. If the refractive index of a substance was lowered to that of air it would be invisible in most cases (Chapter XIX). The Unseen kept his work secret because of the thefts in the scientific world of science. But the Unseen acquired money by foul means which cursed his work! Griffin tells of the previous experiments that led to invisibility (Chapter XX). The next chapters gives Griffin's history. But Kemp has written to the police, and they arrive. Griffin escapes once again, and Kemp warns the police about what must be done (Chapter XXV). Griffin is mad and inhuman, "pure selfishness". His attempts to kill Kemp lead to his own destruction, and his body becomes visible after death (Chapter XXVIII). The Unseen explains the scientific principles of optical density in a general way. If the refractive index of a substance was lowered to that of air it would be invisible in most cases (Chapter XIX). The Unseen kept his work secret because of the thefts in the scientific world of science. But the Unseen acquired money by foul means which cursed his work! Griffin tells of the previous experiments that led to invisibility (Chapter XX). The next chapters gives Griffin's history. But Kemp has written to the police, and they arrive. Griffin escapes once again, and Kemp warns the police about what must be done (Chapter XXV). Griffin is mad and inhuman, "pure selfishness". His attempts to kill Kemp lead to his own destruction, and his body becomes visible after death (Chapter XXVIII). If accurate, this story provides a snapshot of life in London and its suburbs at that time. It also tells that carrying arms was nothing unusual. H. G. Wells shows his literary skills in making believable an impossible condition. There are those who still believe that describing something in words makes it real (like "childproof guns", etc.). Readers of Wells' later works can judge how close to the truth his writings were. This fable warns against uncontrolled scientific experiments, from poison gas to atomic bombs, or the current craze for cloning or "genetic modification" The story of unseen theft of money can also be a warning against a Private Banking Cartel and its continual devaluation of the currency to help Big Business in its struggle against small businesses and working people. In this story the people unite to terminate the Unseen; this doesn't always happen in the real world. 
 Nora's "In The Garden" Trilogy was great, but I must say not her best.  Her characters are so life-like and you actually feel like you're part of the story.  She's a phenomenal author and I have not come across anything of hers that I have not thoroughly enjoyed.  I also highly recommend "The Three Sisters Island Trilogy."  By far my favorite.I also highly recommend "The Three Sisters Island Trilogy."  By far my favorite.Happy Reading!
 The new economy is a global economy favoring intangible things: ideas, information, and relationships and is intensely interlinked.   Today, the new information based sector occupies over 15% of the total US economy.  In the postindustrial society, communication has become the economy and the cultural, technological, and conceptual impacts reverberate at the roots of our lives.   The financial sector has reshaped the economy; the financial sector ownership involves only a small number of people;  the financial innovations include: mortgages, insurance, venture funding, stocks, checks, credit cards, and mutual funds; the financial sector has given rise to corporations, market capitalism, the industrial age, and has influenced how all business has been done.  Since communication is the economy, the net is the future.  The net has accelerated in usage due to the increase in silicon chips and fiber optic data transmission; the net is weaving lives, minds, and artifacts into a global scale network; the result is the swarm of information, reticulating the surface of the planet; the new economy will increasing obey the logic of the networks and understanding the network will be the key to understanding how the economy works.  In 1997, there were 6 billion non-computer chips and by 2005 the predicted usage was at 10 billion.The new economy is a global economy favoring intangible things: ideas, information, and relationships and is intensely interlinked.   Today, the new information based sector occupies over 15% of the total US economy.  In the postindustrial society, communication has become the economy and the cultural, technological, and conceptual impacts reverberate at the roots of our lives.   The financial sector has reshaped the economy; the financial sector ownership involves only a small number of people;  the financial innovations include: mortgages, insurance, venture funding, stocks, checks, credit cards, and mutual funds; the financial sector has given rise to corporations, market capitalism, the industrial age, and has influenced how all business has been done.  Since communication is the economy, the net is the future.  The net has accelerated in usage due to the increase in silicon chips and fiber optic data transmission; the net is weaving lives, minds, and artifacts into a global scale network; the result is the swarm of information, reticulating the surface of the planet; the new economy will increasing obey the logic of the networks and understanding the network will be the key to understanding how the economy works.  In 1997, there were 6 billion non-computer chips and by 2005 the predicted usage was at 10 billion.The network represents connectivity.  We are connection everything to everything.  The network values the dumb power of bits in the swarm; the connectivity and usage of the dumb bits or parts in the swarm yield smart results; and we don't need advanced Artificial Intelligence to make an intelligent system.   The network is a link of distributed, bottom up, data bits;   it lets things communicate among themselves and takes a decentralized approach for communication, for example, manufacturing robots scheduling their own work based on incoming requests, as they bid on work dependant on their capability.  The swarm aim is superior performance in a turbulent environment.  Consider the power of the "Wisdom of the crowds".  In one case sample, 5,000 attendees, at a computer graphics conference were give individual access to a simulator and the task on how too land a plane.  The attendee had novice knowledge about how to land the plane.   The jet responded to the average decisions of the swarm.  The group landed the jet with almost no direction.   In another case example, the group was given the task to navigate a submarine and go look for buried treasure.   The group could not initiate any movement until leadership from a loud speaker was given to "go right".  The leadership unlocked the paralysis of the swarm and the direction facilitated action.The network represents connectivity.  We are connection everything to everything.  The network values the dumb power of bits in the swarm; the connectivity and usage of the dumb bits or parts in the swarm yield smart results; and we don't need advanced Artificial Intelligence to make an intelligent system.   The network is a link of distributed, bottom up, data bits;   it lets things communicate among themselves and takes a decentralized approach for communication, for example, manufacturing robots scheduling their own work based on incoming requests, as they bid on work dependant on their capability.  The swarm aim is superior performance in a turbulent environment.  Consider the power of the "Wisdom of the crowds".  In one case sample, 5,000 attendees, at a computer graphics conference were give individual access to a simulator and the task on how too land a plane.  The attendee had novice knowledge about how to land the plane.   The jet responded to the average decisions of the swarm.  The group landed the jet with almost no direction.   In another case example, the group was given the task to navigate a submarine and go look for buried treasure.   The group could not initiate any movement until leadership from a loud speaker was given to "go right".  The leadership unlocked the paralysis of the swarm and the direction facilitated action.Technology success is measured on how invisible it becomes to the end user and how effective it becomes to the long term strategy in developing products and services that can't be ignored.   The power of the network increases in value n power 2 where n is the number of members.  Therefore, networks need to increase their critical mass of members to become effective.   Innovation attracts members.  Innovation is more important than price; price is the derivative of innovation; monopolies push up price and decrease quality and create a dangerous singular source of innovation; and the network destroys monopolies through collective innovation, such as, open source.
 Offers 10 rules for organizations to follow to benefit from the emerging Economy. The book is really just a condensed version of Kelly's earlier book, Out of Control
 The late Ed McBain left all mystery buffs a lasting legacy with his 87th Precinct novels but a worthy addition to this legacy is The Gutter And The Grave. Written in 1958, this hardboiled gem has been all but forgotten. But thanks to Hard Case Crime, a new generation can experience this incredible early work from one of the all-time masters. The late Ed McBain left all mystery buffs a lasting legacy with his 87th Precinct novels but a worthy addition to this legacy is The Gutter And The Grave. Written in 1958, this hardboiled gem has been all but forgotten. But thanks to Hard Case Crime, a new generation can experience this incredible early work from one of the all-time masters. The hero, Cordell, is as tragic and harboiled as they come as he, soaked in cheap booze, wallows in the memory of an unfaithful wife. Until a favor for a friend draws him into a web of murder and deception. It seems everyone is lying and each lie twists the tail in new directions, leaving the reader's head spinning. The novel features McBain's usually excellent dialogue, the setting is well-drawn featuring the jazz scene in 1950's New York. There's humor, pathos, some great fights and enough broken dreams to fill Broadway. The hero, Cordell, is as tragic and harboiled as they come as he, soaked in cheap booze, wallows in the memory of an unfaithful wife. Until a favor for a friend draws him into a web of murder and deception. It seems everyone is lying and each lie twists the tail in new directions, leaving the reader's head spinning. The novel features McBain's usually excellent dialogue, the setting is well-drawn featuring the jazz scene in 1950's New York. There's humor, pathos, some great fights and enough broken dreams to fill Broadway. This little gem of a novel has been unavailable for far too long. I give it my highest recommendation. Fantastic!  
 Greg Treverton has written a much needed overview of the national intelligence process and correctly identified the challenges which face the US, in a post-9/11 world.  His views of the world beyond 2010 are quite revealing and his challenges to the intelligence community to assess threats to the US are precisely focused. His views on the major intelligence entities reveal urgent modifications of structure and process, if the intelligence community is going to regain relevance with national customers.  As a teacher of intelligence process, specifically as it relates to strategic warning, I believe this book is essential reading for anyone who aspires to be a true intelligence professional. This book will help even the wisest analyst understand how to maximize available sources and methods.  The quest to provide the best possible intelligence is a goal which must be achieved.
 Is this a book of New Yorker cartoons or a puzzle book?  Well, it's a little of both, and the result is a novel way to laugh and exercise your brain at the same time. Most of the 83 puzzles consist of cartoons that are missing words, captions, or picture components. By figuring out the missing elements and sometimes combining them with acrostics, crossword puzzles, or other word grids, the cartoon humor is revealed. Is this a book of New Yorker cartoons or a puzzle book?  Well, it's a little of both, and the result is a novel way to laugh and exercise your brain at the same time. Most of the 83 puzzles consist of cartoons that are missing words, captions, or picture components. By figuring out the missing elements and sometimes combining them with acrostics, crossword puzzles, or other word grids, the cartoon humor is revealed. For the most part, the puzzles are of only moderate difficulty, although there are a few difficult ones (at least for me) that involve matching a cartoon with the decade in which it was created or matching cartoons from early and late in a cartoonist's career. Frequent puzzle solvers will recognize many of the familiar puzzle types from Games Magazine and other media that Puzzability publishes in. The foreword to the book contains a casual and loosely coupled conversation between New Yorker cartoon editor Robert Mankoff and New York Times puzzle editor Will Shortz.For the most part, the puzzles are of only moderate difficulty, although there are a few difficult ones (at least for me) that involve matching a cartoon with the decade in which it was created or matching cartoons from early and late in a cartoonist's career. Frequent puzzle solvers will recognize many of the familiar puzzle types from Games Magazine and other media that Puzzability publishes in. The foreword to the book contains a casual and loosely coupled conversation between New Yorker cartoon editor Robert Mankoff and New York Times puzzle editor Will Shortz.This is an entertaining book that you'll hate to throw away when it's been completed because of all the witty cartoons it contains. Enjoy!This is an entertaining book that you'll hate to throw away when it's been completed because of all the witty cartoons it contains. Enjoy!Eileen Riebac
 Videohound's Cult Flicks and Trash Pics is a book that I consult often. Not only is it informative, but it's very entertaining reading as well. This is a book that any cult movie lover should own. If the names Roger Corman, Lloyd Kaufman, Ray Dennis Steckler, David Lynch, Frank Henenlotter, Jack Hill, Herschel Gordon Lewis, Dario Argento, Paul Bartel, Russ Meyer, Terry Gilliam, Alex Cox, Edward D. Wood, Ken Russell, George Romero and John Waters mean anything to you then you need this book. In addition to reviews of hundreds and hundreds of cult films, the book has lengthy bios of many of the above filmmakers as well as actors and other important cult figures. Plus there are tons of photos, there's a big specific category index to help you find exactly what you're looking for and indexes for actors, directors and writers. One of my favorite features is that nearly every page features a quote from one of the movies featured in the book. This is a great book though it's far from complete. Lots of movie geeks will be able to look through the book and point out any number of movies that were left out. However, for every movie you know of that's not in the book there are probably five that you've never heard of. I recommend Cult Flicks and Trash Pics very highly
 Used this in medical school. Excellent resource. In my time google and yahoo were not around, so this was the quick source. now that [...] is around, not as necessary, but still valuable. There is a pediatric version as well.High yield
 This is a great book for those who have interest in modern economics. Vividly, the author used a lot of nice little stories to explain complicated theories proposed in academic papers (works that received the Nobel Prize).This is a great book for those who have interest in modern economics. Vividly, the author used a lot of nice little stories to explain complicated theories proposed in academic papers (works that received the Nobel Prize).I'd strongly recommend this book to any undergraduate economics/business major as well
 Narrated through the heartfelt voice of Amy Tan, the Kitchen God's Wife illustrates a compelling story of heritage and self-discovery. As a young Chinese woman, Winnie Louie, the main character and the conduit through which Tan expresses her voice, must endure an atrocious life under the abuse and torture of her wicked husband Wen Fu, a pretentious, arrogant, and egregious man who not only cheated his way up the military ladder, but also committed numerous felons including rape, murder, blackmailing, and extortion. Day after day, beating after beating, Winnie slowly begins to realize that in order to escape from Wen Fu and start a new life free from violence and marked by love, radical and immediate actions must be taken. When dealing with someone without even a modicum of human decency, someone like Wen Fu, the usual, traditional, and orthodox actions are futile. Striking a perfect chord between concision and elaboration, Tan keeps the reader constantly engaged as the dramatic story of Winnie unfolds itself. Relying mostly on authentic voice and keeping the meretricious elements to a minimum, Tan narrates the novel with surprising precision and unmatched beauty. Against the magnificent backdrops of a WWII-era China, the novel reassures the universal nature of mankind, that the problems troubling people today are experienced by all generations, regardless of race, nationality, or social status. As you read this rare gem amount literature, open the introspective window and enjoy the novel with your heart.
 Imagine you're attending a career enhancement seminar and suddenly you're doused with a giant bucket of ice cold water. In essence, "Fire Your Boss" is just that. Stephen Pollan's discourse on the stark realities of the real world of work shatter all the hyperbole and fluff of "careering" in not just corporate America but any occupational arena. It's an easy, conversational and straightforward read that IMHO should be called "Hire Your Boss". Pollan, a life coach with the style, chutzpah and hubris of a Donald Trump/Scott Adams hybrid, elaborates on the criticality of taking care of your number one customer in the microeconomic marketplace-your boss. Pollan supports the essence of this approach with references to how the economic landscape has changed over the last few decades and how it's helped to perpetuate agency activity in organizations. Simply put, managers will continue to act purely out of self-interest rather than an alignment with organizational objectives. With this in mind, what will avail those of the non-management cadre the most is looking out for the needs of supervision, with more of a "hired gun" approach rather than that of a sycophant. Many of Pollan's precepts will at first seem counterintuitive--such as "work for the money, the love will follow" or "lose your career, get a job" and may come across as trite and cynical. However when taken in context the underlying schema is this: a job is a means of providing income-no more, no less. Trying to find personal fulfillment therein is a recipe for self-destruction. The author does a fine job of using the experiences of his clients to help illustrate these key concepts and concludes by offering a seven-step roadmap to help one achieve the empowerment and independence in the modern job market. Imagine you're attending a career enhancement seminar and suddenly you're doused with a giant bucket of ice cold water. In essence, "Fire Your Boss" is just that. Stephen Pollan's discourse on the stark realities of the real world of work shatter all the hyperbole and fluff of "careering" in not just corporate America but any occupational arena. It's an easy, conversational and straightforward read that IMHO should be called "Hire Your Boss". Pollan, a life coach with the style, chutzpah and hubris of a Donald Trump/Scott Adams hybrid, elaborates on the criticality of taking care of your number one customer in the microeconomic marketplace-your boss. Pollan supports the essence of this approach with references to how the economic landscape has changed over the last few decades and how it's helped to perpetuate agency activity in organizations. Simply put, managers will continue to act purely out of self-interest rather than an alignment with organizational objectives. With this in mind, what will avail those of the non-management cadre the most is looking out for the needs of supervision, with more of a "hired gun" approach rather than that of a sycophant. Many of Pollan's precepts will at first seem counterintuitive--such as "work for the money, the love will follow" or "lose your career, get a job" and may come across as trite and cynical. However when taken in context the underlying schema is this: a job is a means of providing income-no more, no less. Trying to find personal fulfillment therein is a recipe for self-destruction. The author does a fine job of using the experiences of his clients to help illustrate these key concepts and concludes by offering a seven-step roadmap to help one achieve the empowerment and independence in the modern job market. Although Pollan drives across some salient points about the contemporary world of work he does tend to oversimplify a bit with regards to some management behavior. Furthermore, some of his coping strategies have the guise of tactics that only a New York Attorney could formulate. Wait-Pollan IS a New York Attorney. In sum, this is as an island of sanity in a sea of "Be a Star at Work" banter that perpetuates the dangling-carrot-over-the-sea-of-cubicles syndrome. Finally, when you boil this down you realize that one as an employee should consider themselves self-employed. I find it a good affirmation of what work really should be and a refreshing rebuttal to all the careering pundits whose success is predicated on the management's mystification of office life.Although Pollan drives across some salient points about the contemporary world of work he does tend to oversimplify a bit with regards to some management behavior. Furthermore, some of his coping strategies have the guise of tactics that only a New York Attorney could formulate. Wait-Pollan IS a New York Attorney. In sum, this is as an island of sanity in a sea of "Be a Star at Work" banter that perpetuates the dangling-carrot-over-the-sea-of-cubicles syndrome. Finally, when you boil this down you realize that one as an employee should consider themselves self-employed. I find it a good affirmation of what work really should be and a refreshing rebuttal to all the careering pundits whose success is predicated on the management's mystification of office life.Not for the faint of heart!
 I liked this book, but I notice that all the critics seem to hate it. It did take me more than a year of picking at it on and off. I picked it up because Walter Laqueur referred to it in one of his books about terrorism. Written in 1886, it suggests that there is a pan-European anarchist underground, which the protagonist gets mixed up with. It is interesting in its depiction of liberal guilt among the wealthy, who support a political movement that would lead to their own extinction. The prose is wonderful, as is the depiction of the subtleties of the characters' personalities, if you have the taste for that sort of thing. All in all, it was worth reading and it passed the most important test for a novel: I finished it with regret. I had previously read and liked Portrait of a Lady, which is a superior novel. As much as I liked it, I would have to say do not start with Princess as an introduction to James. Incidentally, I have a theory about the omniscient narrator in James' books being a malign demiurge, but I will spare you that theorizing here
 This was the book that got me to enjoy reading back in the day.  This was also my first Crichton, and I have to say I enjoyed it to the fullest.  Easy to read adventure novel
 I think this is Harriet Lerner's best book. I has the clearest and most helpful chapter on family secrets that I've ever read. The chapter called &quot;A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Orifice&quot; is worth the price of the book. The chapter on affairs, even though controversial, should be helpful to all couples, especially if you think your partner will never cheat on you
 Lost in the Funhouse can be a very bewildering and irritating collection if you aren't in the right mood for it.  If you aren't well-versed in post-modern fiction (barthelme, calvino, etc are good reference points) you might want to start somewhere else first.  Even Barth's novels are more immediately digestible.Lost in the Funhouse can be a very bewildering and irritating collection if you aren't in the right mood for it.  If you aren't well-versed in post-modern fiction (barthelme, calvino, etc are good reference points) you might want to start somewhere else first.  Even Barth's novels are more immediately digestible.With that said, though, this collection doesn't really operate on one consistent level.  Perhaps this is because many of these stories were written by Barth much earlier in his career.  The three stories concerning Ambrose's birth and development are very straightforward and enjoyable on a surface level until the whole series goes flying into left-field with the titular "Lost in the Funhouse" story (which Barth is probably most known for).  From that point on, most of the stories are more about the process of writing and the relationship between the reader, writer, and the characters.  Stories like "Title" and "Life-Story" work more as essays on the nature of fiction than actual works of fiction, and were (for me at least) a little tedious.  The best moments occur when Barth combines his thoughful analysis on the nature of writing and art with a really good ground-situation, typically based on Greek mythology.  The best of these are the utterly raunchy "Petitition" and the labyrinthine "Menelaiad".With that said, though, this collection doesn't really operate on one consistent level.  Perhaps this is because many of these stories were written by Barth much earlier in his career.  The three stories concerning Ambrose's birth and development are very straightforward and enjoyable on a surface level until the whole series goes flying into left-field with the titular "Lost in the Funhouse" story (which Barth is probably most known for).  From that point on, most of the stories are more about the process of writing and the relationship between the reader, writer, and the characters.  Stories like "Title" and "Life-Story" work more as essays on the nature of fiction than actual works of fiction, and were (for me at least) a little tedious.  The best moments occur when Barth combines his thoughful analysis on the nature of writing and art with a really good ground-situation, typically based on Greek mythology.  The best of these are the utterly raunchy "Petitition" and the labyrinthine "Menelaiad".Taken as a whole, though, Lost in the Funhouse is greatly satisfying, even if (like me) you really only understood about 20% of what Barth was talking about on your first read-through.  It's the sort of book I'll go back to again and again to try and delve deeper into the mystery of the funhouse while appreciating all over the hilarious bawdy humor.Taken as a whole, though, Lost in the Funhouse is greatly satisfying, even if (like me) you really only understood about 20% of what Barth was talking about on your first read-through.  It's the sort of book I'll go back to again and again to try and delve deeper into the mystery of the funhouse while appreciating all over the hilarious bawdy humor.Oh, and make sure to read Barth's seven additional notes at the front of the book (though maybe only after you've read the story that is being discussed in each note, so as not to ruin the initial experience)-- they really help to clarify some of Barth's intentions.  I can't even imagine appreciating a story like "Glossolalia" without having read the note concerning it
 I ALREADY HAVE THIS BOOK AND I AM NOW BUYING FOR FRIENDS.  IT DOES SPEAK TO ALL AGE GROUPS AND IS MAGNIFYING TO THOSE OF US GALS WHO GREW UP IN THE SAME TIME.  ANNA QUINDLIN WRITES AS IF SHE BROKE INTO MY BODY AND STOLE MY THOUGHTS, MY DREAMS AND MY MEMORIES. IF SO, I THANK HER FOR THE INTRUSION BECAUSE SHE OBVIOUSLY LOOKED AROUND. IT SOMETIMES TAKES MY BREATH AWAY, THE WAY SHE PUTS INTO WORDS EXACTLY WHAT I FEEL.  I THANK HER FOR THAT, BUT I WON'T ASK FOR ROYALTIES
 Though you may not immediately think that there is a connection between language and the places where you live and pass through, your sense of your surroundings and of language itself will be transformed after you read Gaston Bachelard's &quot;The Poetics of Space.&quot;  Bachelard argues that language--especially poetry--can reveal hidden aspects of our experience of space, especially of our home space.  For example, he considers how common phrases such as &quot;go up to the attic&quot; and &quot;go down to the basement&quot; are revelatory of our typical sense that stairs to an attic are stairs one ascends, while stairs to the basement are stairs one descends--in spite of the fact that both sets of stairs must be equally ascended and descended.  As he does with other such observations, Bachelard extends his observation regarding the directionality of different staircases into a discussion of how the attic and basement hold different roles in our daily and imaginary lives.  In addition to exploring how we experience space and place, Bachelard equally attends to the way in which language can function either as a daily and common means of communication or as a site of new and creative insight; roughly speaking, he argues that poetry happens when the motions of language itself open us up to a new way of seeing or understanding something.  By reading this beautifully written and engaging book, you will likely come to understand or see anew experiences from childhood through adulthood that pertain to places where your have lived, grown up, felt comfortable or alienated, had a feeling of wonder or fear, etc.  I recommend this book to anyone interested in the experience of place or space, in language and what it can reveal to us, or in what counts as poetry rather than as common everyday language
 Thank you, Dr. Null, for holistically addressing the health concerns that are predominant in women.  The politics behind female healthcare are shocking and frightening.  You put it all into perspective within these  covers.    You also saved me from the quandary of what to buy all the women  in my family for Christmas.   You're insightful and have a wealth of  helpful information.   Bless you
 Vintage McCourt! This is a good one but reminiscent of A Monk Swimming by the same author. Mallachy McCourt is good, but I prefer his brother, Frank. Poor man, I wonder how many times he has heard it. But it takes nothing away from the book. What genius of a family. Poverty in childhood has turned out into prosperity for posterity. Thanks McCourt Brothers
 As always, Jeffrey's book is worth reading very much. I have read the first version (edition), and I read this one again. If you want to know lots of inside out about CLR, this is the one to read. This is a must-read book before you go for a job interview, because you are expected to have read it by lots of interviewers.As always, Jeffrey's book is worth reading very much. I have read the first version (edition), and I read this one again. If you want to know lots of inside out about CLR, this is the one to read. This is a must-read book before you go for a job interview, because you are expected to have read it by lots of interviewers.
 This plan actually works! In five months I've gone from a women's 2X to a 12 and I'm not finished yet! The basic plan is simple. Managing the exceptions is a bit more tricky, but of the three books I have by Michel Montignac, this one explains the exceptions the best. No counting calories! No extreme excercise! If you are looking for a balanced way of eating -- THIS IS IT
 I was surprised at some of the poor reviews given this book and have an idea that these stem from those picking up books from a list of Nebula Award winners. This book is not at all your typical SF story, indeed it feels much more like a mainstream story with some SF aspects than it does an SF story. I'm an avid reader of both science fiction as well as mainstream fiction, so this holds a good deal of appeal for me.I was surprised at some of the poor reviews given this book and have an idea that these stem from those picking up books from a list of Nebula Award winners. This book is not at all your typical SF story, indeed it feels much more like a mainstream story with some SF aspects than it does an SF story. I'm an avid reader of both science fiction as well as mainstream fiction, so this holds a good deal of appeal for me.Griffith's prose is wonderful and showcases a beauty of language seldom seen in science fiction. Her characterization is also near perfect. I won't spend time discussing the plot as that's been handled amply by the other reviewers, but I will echo one other person's thoughts: The storyline that has Lore working at a sewage plant is, surprisingly, every bit as engrossing as the ones that deal with her kidnapping and her high society upbringing. To me, that says a good deal about Griffith's talent as a writer.Griffith's prose is wonderful and showcases a beauty of language seldom seen in science fiction. Her characterization is also near perfect. I won't spend time discussing the plot as that's been handled amply by the other reviewers, but I will echo one other person's thoughts: The storyline that has Lore working at a sewage plant is, surprisingly, every bit as engrossing as the ones that deal with her kidnapping and her high society upbringing. To me, that says a good deal about Griffith's talent as a writer.As for the sex scenes, which some people describe as being nearly constant in the book, there are actually about four or five scenes taking up somewhere around ten pages of the book (not each, but in total). Additionally, they're not placed in the story without purpose.As for the sex scenes, which some people describe as being nearly constant in the book, there are actually about four or five scenes taking up somewhere around ten pages of the book (not each, but in total). Additionally, they're not placed in the story without purpose.Overall, an excellent book. Personally, I'm quite glad that it won a Nebula. It's certainly desereving
 This is a 4 CD set of meditations as a companion to The Inner Temple of WitchCraft book.  Using the background of the book, the CD's set up an easy way to work with the material in the book without having to open the book to reference it during the mediations. Mr. Penczak's voice is perfect as far as I am concerned, it does not grate on you nor does it lull you into sleep.  The light melodic fill is just that, filler for the spaces between words and does not distract from the words. I found the material covered to be good for meditation and it works well with the material in the book.  If you find the book to be what you are looking for, the CD's are a good addition. I enjoyed the entire presentation, and Mr. Penczak gives us some very well based and solid material. boudic
 A wonderful story of how even our smallest action can have great consequences that we can't even understand.  A long book with fantastic memorable characters.  My favorite of these characters were the two brothers who were fixated on Serial killers and natural disasters.  This is the only way they know how to cope with the outside world.  A wonderful story of how even our smallest action can have great consequences that we can't even understand.  A long book with fantastic memorable characters.  My favorite of these characters were the two brothers who were fixated on Serial killers and natural disasters.  This is the only way they know how to cope with the outside world.  Overall-You will certainly get your money's worth.  Enjoy this one. 
 Have you ever been tempted to write pure nonsense?  Maybe on some rainy first day of April?  I once felt like writing:Have you ever been tempted to write pure nonsense?  Maybe on some rainy first day of April?  I once felt like writing:"I sure made a mistake when I told the Goddess Minerva that She couldn't square the circle.  In response, She drew a circle next to me, a truly beautiful and perfect circle.  And right in front of my panicky brown eyes, She turned pi into four!  Not just the circumference divided by the diameter, but the series expansion as an inverse tangent as well.  What would She do next, make me unwell by dropping the first letter from my first name?  i tried to apologize, but it was too late."  "I sure made a mistake when I told the Goddess Minerva that She couldn't square the circle.  In response, She drew a circle next to me, a truly beautiful and perfect circle.  And right in front of my panicky brown eyes, She turned pi into four!  Not just the circumference divided by the diameter, but the series expansion as an inverse tangent as well.  What would She do next, make me unwell by dropping the first letter from my first name?  i tried to apologize, but it was too late."  I was not the only one to dream of mangling pi.  In "Contact: A Novel," Carl Sagan went me one better when he had aliens send messages to each other at infinite speed by hiding them in a numerical representation of pi and then, you guessed it, changing pi everywhere!I was not the only one to dream of mangling pi.  In "Contact: A Novel," Carl Sagan went me one better when he had aliens send messages to each other at infinite speed by hiding them in a numerical representation of pi and then, you guessed it, changing pi everywhere!Still, Alan Sokal went beyond even this, getting the following published in the journal "Social Text:"Still, Alan Sokal went beyond even this, getting the following published in the journal "Social Text:""In this way the infinite-dimensional invariance group erodes the distinction between the observer and the observed; the pi of Euclid and the G of Newton, formerly thought to be constant and universal, are now perceived in their ineluctable historicity; and the putative observer becomes fatally decentered, disconnected from any epistemic link to a spacetime point that can no longer be defined by geometry alone."  "In this way the infinite-dimensional invariance group erodes the distinction between the observer and the observed; the pi of Euclid and the G of Newton, formerly thought to be constant and universal, are now perceived in their ineluctable historicity; and the putative observer becomes fatally decentered, disconnected from any epistemic link to a spacetime point that can no longer be defined by geometry alone."  Sokal put this and many more whoppers into his hoax, which defended an equally absurd thesis: that "physical 'reality,' no less than social 'reality,' is at bottom a social and linguistic construct."  Sokal put this and many more whoppers into his hoax, which defended an equally absurd thesis: that "physical 'reality,' no less than social 'reality,' is at bottom a social and linguistic construct."  While this joke may not prove much, it does raise the issue of whether a few people in academia are misusing the vocabulary of science to create absurd statements in defense of an antirationalist point of view.  This book shows that they are.  While this joke may not prove much, it does raise the issue of whether a few people in academia are misusing the vocabulary of science to create absurd statements in defense of an antirationalist point of view.  This book shows that they are.  The authors show that Jacques Lacan makes completely arbitrary analogies between topology and psychoanalysis.  We then see some of the same irrelevance and superficial use of topology in the early works of Julia Kristeva.  After an interlude in which Sokal and Bricmont seriously discuss the philosophy of science, there are more examples of academic nonsense.  The next victim is Luce Irigaray, who in what I agree is about as ridiculously antifeminist a statement as one could make says:The authors show that Jacques Lacan makes completely arbitrary analogies between topology and psychoanalysis.  We then see some of the same irrelevance and superficial use of topology in the early works of Julia Kristeva.  After an interlude in which Sokal and Bricmont seriously discuss the philosophy of science, there are more examples of academic nonsense.  The next victim is Luce Irigaray, who in what I agree is about as ridiculously antifeminist a statement as one could make says:"Science always displays certain choices, certain exclusions, and these are particularly determined by the sex of the scholars involved.""Science always displays certain choices, certain exclusions, and these are particularly determined by the sex of the scholars involved."That's rich: objective truth is different depending on whether one is a Woman or a man!   I must admit that I half expected Irigaray to say that pi was different for Men and women.That's rich: objective truth is different depending on whether one is a Woman or a man!   I must admit that I half expected Irigaray to say that pi was different for Men and women.After that, we see Bruno Latour's idea that Einstein's Theory of Relativity has implications for sociology.  The authors point out that this is manifest nonsense.  Were we to discover tomorrow that the ratio of the mass of a particle to its energy were slightly different from what relativity predicted, there would be a revolution in physics, but no need to alter theories of human behavior.  After that, we see Bruno Latour's idea that Einstein's Theory of Relativity has implications for sociology.  The authors point out that this is manifest nonsense.  Were we to discover tomorrow that the ratio of the mass of a particle to its energy were slightly different from what relativity predicted, there would be a revolution in physics, but no need to alter theories of human behavior.  Later, we see Jean Baudrillard say, "It is a sign that the space of the event has become a hyperspace with multiple refractivity, and that the space of war has become definitively non-Euclidean."  And there are more, um, words, from Gilles Deleuze, Felix Guattari, and Paul Virilio.  Later, we see Jean Baudrillard say, "It is a sign that the space of the event has become a hyperspace with multiple refractivity, and that the space of war has become definitively non-Euclidean."  And there are more, um, words, from Gilles Deleuze, Felix Guattari, and Paul Virilio.  Sokal and Bricmont conclude that all this inanity is a threat.  That either it will lead to even more irrationalism in academia or to an academic abandonment of social critique.  And I think it's worth warning us to avoid such a future.  But I also think we simply need social journals to get scientists to review (and reject) papers that use big scientific words instead of making coherent statements
 Erin Hunter has once again created a captivating saga about the four clans of warrior cats...who could be living in your own backyard.Erin Hunter has once again created a captivating saga about the four clans of warrior cats...who could be living in your own backyard.This first installment begins where the last book left off. Firestar, the protagonist of the original series, is now the leader of his Clan, and his two daughters Leafpaw and Squirrelpaw, are now the main characters, along with a great cast of new cats and some familiar faces. Along with Brambleclaw, the son of treacherous Tigerstar, Feathertail and Stormfur, the kits of Firestar's best friend Graystripe, Brambleclaw's sister Tawnypelt, and the newbie Crowpaw, Squirrelpaw embarks on a journey to save the Clans. Meanwhile, Leafpaw is left to try to decipher mysterious messages from Starclan.This first installment begins where the last book left off. Firestar, the protagonist of the original series, is now the leader of his Clan, and his two daughters Leafpaw and Squirrelpaw, are now the main characters, along with a great cast of new cats and some familiar faces. Along with Brambleclaw, the son of treacherous Tigerstar, Feathertail and Stormfur, the kits of Firestar's best friend Graystripe, Brambleclaw's sister Tawnypelt, and the newbie Crowpaw, Squirrelpaw embarks on a journey to save the Clans. Meanwhile, Leafpaw is left to try to decipher mysterious messages from Starclan.This book is a great, fast-paced read for any cat lover or fan of the first series. The plot is well-developed and intriguing from the first chapter
 Peggy Noonan's Reagan has the texture of truth, unlike a recent Reagan bio by Richard Reeves that has the texture of slime.  Noonan's Reagan is not hagiography;  it's clear-eyed, clean, and palpably honest.  I feel Ms. Noonan's honesty just as I felt the incredible lightness of Reeves' shallowness.  Noonan wrote her story of a great man and the building of his character as Ronald Reagan lay dying.  Now that he's gone, Peggy Noonan is our era's great communicator.  Not every word of When Character Was King is the utterly necessary word at the absolutely necessary time -- a few of her words don't fit and an occasional fact is flubbed -- but all other words of hundreds and thousands fit perfectly into the best portrait we have of a good and great man, a description also used fittingly for Dwight Eisenhower.Noonan, I believe, is the only biographer of President Reagan who understands the import of a first-term footnote, an episode that most of the world has learned to forget or, like Reeves, has learned to diminish.  That's the PATCO strike which, as Noonan shows, had world-historical implications.  By the force of his focus, President Reagan used PATCO to reassert free-world mastery in our twilight struggle with an Evil Empire that was evil and that was an empire.  Thank God we had Reagan at a moment of maximum danger.  Thank God he had Noonan to tell his story
 This book is excellent reading to inspire leadership.  Its greatest asset is the fact that Connelly selects great leaders and writing that characterizes their personal leadership styles
 The first book in NR's 'Born In' series is wonderful, you don't want to miss it!  &quot;Born In Fire&quot; focuses on Maggie Concannon, a tempermental and loyal woman who is also a gifted artist. Gallery owner Rogan Sweeney takes an interest in Maggie's fabulous glass creations, and soon after takes a personal interest in Maggie herself.  Maggie is a wonderful character, stubborn and flawed, yet still caring.  Nora does a fabulous job of developing Maggie, and does it in a way that she seems like a real person.  Rogan is an extremely likeable hero.  Maggie's sister, Brianna, is her complete opposite; quiet, sweet, and calm.  The relationship between the two sisters, however, is very touching and very real.  This book is full of colourful characters, some we love and some we hate.  The romance between Rogan and Maggie is wonderful.  Basically, I just can't say enough good things about this book.  You will love it
 Cahill's writing is somewhat of an acquired taste. This is a compilation of outdoor stories which do not always seem self contained - some missing context, some missing closure. And they are not necessarily adventures in the conventional sense, as stories may focus on nature, archaeology, sociology, etc. While the book cannot be construed as an outdoor reference, there is good information (ex. &quot;wisdom&quot; of cave diving). Some stories hit the vicarious adventurer's sweet spot. The author is at his best in this book when relating his experience caving in Kentucky, engaging the reader with educational content (ex. barometric effect on air flow), spectacular descriptions(ex. lightening igniting bat guano), and hair raising suspense (ex. getting lost in a maze of passages). Not all of the stories held an equal level of interest for me, but they are short enough to peruse and ponder as time permits
 By far a very thorough and intelligent read.  I could not put it down.By far a very thorough and intelligent read.  I could not put it down.The evidence that pyramids all over earth from a lost epoch of man align to specific star clusters is overwhelming in my opinion.The evidence that pyramids all over earth from a lost epoch of man align to specific star clusters is overwhelming in my opinion.Doesn't take a PhD to realize that if something looks like a duck, walks like a duck and quacks like a duck.... chances are it's a duck.Doesn't take a PhD to realize that if something looks like a duck, walks like a duck and quacks like a duck.... chances are it's a duck.Everthing is presented via full color images and in an easy to comprehend format.  It has changed my perspective and at the same time answered many questions for me personally; and of course will raise many more!Everthing is presented via full color images and in an easy to comprehend format.  It has changed my perspective and at the same time answered many questions for me personally; and of course will raise many more!An absolute must read
 "Spring Snow" is unquestionably one of the finest Japanese novels ever written, as well as being a masterpiece of world literature in its own right.  It is an eloquent, moving story with a "tale as old as time," that of star-crossed lovers who's love transcends social roles and obligations."Spring Snow" is unquestionably one of the finest Japanese novels ever written, as well as being a masterpiece of world literature in its own right.  It is an eloquent, moving story with a "tale as old as time," that of star-crossed lovers who's love transcends social roles and obligations.In another culture, with another writer, this would be a romantic, if not happy, story.  But this is Japan, and the writer is Mishima Yukio.  In his hands, the lovers Kiyoaki and Satoko transcend literary stereotypes, and become agents of their own happiness and destruction.  By the very nature of their relationship, raised together since childhood, playing a complicated cat-and-mouse game of love and sexual tension, their future is never in doubt.  In another culture, with another writer, this would be a romantic, if not happy, story.  But this is Japan, and the writer is Mishima Yukio.  In his hands, the lovers Kiyoaki and Satoko transcend literary stereotypes, and become agents of their own happiness and destruction.  By the very nature of their relationship, raised together since childhood, playing a complicated cat-and-mouse game of love and sexual tension, their future is never in doubt.  It is impressive that a writer such as Mishima, known for his right-wing politics and his samurai dreams, could craft such a tender love story.  While knowing the eventual conclusion, the reader savors and hopes for each stolen moment of happiness between Kiyoaki and Satoko, and knows that even their despair is something to be treasured because it is shared.    Not that it is a clear path.  Even knowing Japanese literature, and the road it usually takes, there are surprises on the way.  Things do not turn out the way one would expect.  It is impressive that a writer such as Mishima, known for his right-wing politics and his samurai dreams, could craft such a tender love story.  While knowing the eventual conclusion, the reader savors and hopes for each stolen moment of happiness between Kiyoaki and Satoko, and knows that even their despair is something to be treasured because it is shared.    Not that it is a clear path.  Even knowing Japanese literature, and the road it usually takes, there are surprises on the way.  Things do not turn out the way one would expect.  I was incredibly moved by "Spring Snow."  It is a novel that affects the heart of the reader, and lingers long after the last page is turned. 
 I read the second edition of this book since it is enlarged with the study of the housing market. The phenomenon of bubbles and negative bubbles or collapses is described extremely well by means of statistical data of markets for over a century and a half. The raw data is adjusted to inflation to give a realistic perspective of the trends and patterns. Bubbles seem to be occurring at regular intervals typically based on the "new era" story and everyone believes at least during the heady days that good times are here to stay. But as shown by proven evidence of the past, no bubble has sustained itself permanently and good reason prevails sooner or later. When this happens, the bloated bubble collapses and the hangover is terrible. The story so far is quite simple. But what makes this book so interesting is the depth of research and the manner in which the phenomenon is studied and explained.I read the second edition of this book since it is enlarged with the study of the housing market. The phenomenon of bubbles and negative bubbles or collapses is described extremely well by means of statistical data of markets for over a century and a half. The raw data is adjusted to inflation to give a realistic perspective of the trends and patterns. Bubbles seem to be occurring at regular intervals typically based on the "new era" story and everyone believes at least during the heady days that good times are here to stay. But as shown by proven evidence of the past, no bubble has sustained itself permanently and good reason prevails sooner or later. When this happens, the bloated bubble collapses and the hangover is terrible. The story so far is quite simple. But what makes this book so interesting is the depth of research and the manner in which the phenomenon is studied and explained.The combination of mass psychology and market prices is at the core of this book. For bubbles to happen, information flow is the key. Media plays a significant role in disseminating information and bubbles seem to have originated in recorded history after the advent of the print media. In recent times electronic media particularly the television and the internet play a significant role in speeding up bubble formation and also the reversals. Media needs a storyline and this story needs to be continued to retain customers on a daily basis. Stock market is the ideal place that offers an opportunity to try one's luck if a casino is far away. Backed by on-line dedicated news channels and internet trading, well, it is not surprising that we have day traders in herds. In such situations fundamentals like industry analysis and P/E ratios take a backseat as explained by the author. Historical averages are breached and a euphoria of "once in a life time opportunity" prevails. What happens to the Efficient Markets Theory in such situations?. Since this theory says that markets are perfectly priced based on all publicly available information there cannot be a situation of either under pricing or over pricing. This book perfectly challenges the efficiency and accuracy of this theory.The combination of mass psychology and market prices is at the core of this book. For bubbles to happen, information flow is the key. Media plays a significant role in disseminating information and bubbles seem to have originated in recorded history after the advent of the print media. In recent times electronic media particularly the television and the internet play a significant role in speeding up bubble formation and also the reversals. Media needs a storyline and this story needs to be continued to retain customers on a daily basis. Stock market is the ideal place that offers an opportunity to try one's luck if a casino is far away. Backed by on-line dedicated news channels and internet trading, well, it is not surprising that we have day traders in herds. In such situations fundamentals like industry analysis and P/E ratios take a backseat as explained by the author. Historical averages are breached and a euphoria of "once in a life time opportunity" prevails. What happens to the Efficient Markets Theory in such situations?. Since this theory says that markets are perfectly priced based on all publicly available information there cannot be a situation of either under pricing or over pricing. This book perfectly challenges the efficiency and accuracy of this theory.It is unfortunate that substantial amounts of investments meant to be otherwise risk free sources of income, pension funds for example, are getting diverted into risky markets.  Here the author has come out with a list of some sound proposals to protect hard earned life long savings of innocent citizens who are exposed to the irrationality of markets.It is unfortunate that substantial amounts of investments meant to be otherwise risk free sources of income, pension funds for example, are getting diverted into risky markets.  Here the author has come out with a list of some sound proposals to protect hard earned life long savings of innocent citizens who are exposed to the irrationality of markets.The bubble in the housing market is also discussed well. Housing seems to be isolated bubbles occurring in specific regions and not a global phenomenon. But nevertheless the damage can be the same. The party of low interest rate regime seems to be over and a spike in mortgage rates is sure to be the needle that will prick right through this big speculative bubble. The bubble in the housing market is also discussed well. Housing seems to be isolated bubbles occurring in specific regions and not a global phenomenon. But nevertheless the damage can be the same. The party of low interest rate regime seems to be over and a spike in mortgage rates is sure to be the needle that will prick right through this big speculative bubble. What goes up has to come down ! But once you start reading this book, it is difficult to put it down. Intellectually stimulating and bound to be economically rewarding. 
 A Late Divorce is one of my very favorites novels.  This ordinary tale about the late divorce of a middle-aged couple, one of whom is in a mental institution, is told from the perspective of each member of the family:  children, their spouses and mates, grandson,etc.  I have rarely laughed so  much, or been touched so much, by the insightful description of the Kaminka  family and their travails over a failed marriage, real estate and conflict.   The scene with the rabbis at the mental institution is literary hilarity  at its best...A wonderful work, original, illuminating and FUNNY
 I agree with the first reviewer: this is what art criticism, politically engaged or not, should read like.  Berger was an old-time Marxist; I am an Anglosphere conservative.  He is a man of the Left; I am of the Right.  No matter, his essays are the most wonderful introduction to art criticism, and at times philosophy, that I have read.  Incredibly perceptive, sensitive, without empty sentimentality but filled with genuine sentiment and deep empathy for the human condition, Berger can make any painting or work of art say more than even its author may have intended.  He uses history but is not a historicist, for  he lets the works reveal themselves openly.  The essay "That which is held," a philosophic vindication of romantic love through an analysis of "time" is a near masterpiece of the essay form worthy of Montaigne.  Berger  will be missed in the barren landscape of contemporary Europe.  Danto and the Americans are simply not in his league
  I have enjoyed all of David Gemmell's work but this one takes the prize. It contains sorrow, great sacrifice, courage, honor, and some of the best battles every written. It is easy to see the scenes and the people as you read, the characters are ones you will become attached to. If you love fantasy that involves warfare and courage with people making the best of a bad situation and with no magic items to save the day, you will love this book
 in order to properly understand the Jesus of the new testament, instead of making a Jesus of our own liking, it is necessary to understand Jesus as he himself indicated.  Jesus himself, according to the new testament, made constant reference and allusion to the hebrew scriptures, ( old testament ), as he sought to explain himself, his actions, his teachings and his significance.  Understanding the old testament is therefore of paramount importance for understanding what Jesus was and is about. This means far more than knowing some of the messianic proof texts or knowing about Noahs ark or the temple and sacrificial system of the ancient hebrews.  Understanding the old testament involves knowing the overall aim and purpose of it, and how it all is held together by connected themes that form a unified whole.  Christopher Wright's book, Knowing Jesus Through the Old Testament, is an absolute Godsend towards getting the drift of the old testament and how it carries forward to the Jesus of the new testament.  This book is a little bit technical at times, it is not a devotional work, but reading this book will educate a person to accurately understand what the old testament is about and how it flows into the person of Jesus, thereby expositing the true meaning and intent of Jesus according to the background that Jesus himself referred to.    Thanks Chris Wright for this fabulous book. Also see his forthcoming book, The Mission of God, due out in fall of 2006 by intervarsity press. It looks to be another bullseye!!  For some other great little books on Jesus that are sane and sober, see:  Jesus and His World by Peter Walker,  The Original Jesus by N.T. Wright, and for a bit of a larger work see Jesus and The Gospels by Craig Blomberg
 This book provides a straight-forward approach to a raw-food diet, and the changes required to maintain the health of your pet through the process.  It also helps to have someone who can assist you in locating the ingredients locally, but Schultze provides all the requisite information that you will need.  A great resource to go to when you get a nagging question, or have a concern.  Try not to let people talk you out of trying the diet, as you WILL see changes in the health of your pet; many veterinarians that I have spoken with are not particularly supportive.  My 2 y/o Lab has a softer coat, clearer eyes, and better muscle tone since I have started him on the diet.  This diet is slightly more expensive than feeding dog chow, but the reward of having a healthy, happy pet far outweigh the associated costs.  Good luck, and enjoy your pet
 A comprehensive, entertaining and plainly written introduction to critical thinking.  It should be in every school and public library (preferably next to the biology books that have been stickered with pro-creationist caveats).A comprehensive, entertaining and plainly written introduction to critical thinking.  It should be in every school and public library (preferably next to the biology books that have been stickered with pro-creationist caveats).My only complaint is the title. Perhaps it should have been called "The Critical Thinkers' Reference" so as not to confuse those poor mites who cannot differentiate between rational thought and Cartesian Skepticism.  My only complaint is the title. Perhaps it should have been called "The Critical Thinkers' Reference" so as not to confuse those poor mites who cannot differentiate between rational thought and Cartesian Skepticism.  Of course, if your world-view is not based on rational thinking and evidence, then the knowledge contained in this book may make you feel uncomfortable.  You may even feel threatened to the point that you negatively review it.  Guys - as Robert Park once said: "Alas, to wear the mantle of Galileo it is not enough that you be persecuted by an unkind establishment, you must also be right."   Please read this book (or even read the FAQ on Carroll's website) and learn how to reason. 
 Like so many of the books in the for dummies series it is well written and just gets down to business. The approach taken with this book is a nonviolent approach to training with training being enjoyed by both man (or woman) and beast. I have been training my Shiba Inu puppy based on this book for the last two months now and have had good results.
 sometimes when you read a book you are expecting to read some details,but a book like this blows the lid off the mother fully. Deborah Santana doesn't hold back at all. she takes you on a journey from her childhood to her teen years with Sly Stone.&then eventually with her Husband Carlos Santana. you read about a strong Woman who overcame so many obstacles&was grounded strongly&thrived despite some negative forces. a very powerful book that you simply can't put down. Deborah Santana is a Remarkable Soul Sister. this is a Must read book from start to finish.
 Only my second James Patterson book, When the Wind Blows, will keep me coming back for more.  I was not disappointed and look forward to reading many more of his novels.Only my second James Patterson book, When the Wind Blows, will keep me coming back for more.  I was not disappointed and look forward to reading many more of his novels.Frannie, a veterinarian, and Kit, an FBI agent find themselves thrown together in the hopes of saving a few very special children.  Surrounded by some mysterious deaths in the past few years, including her own husbands, Frannie now is trying to stop yet another murder.  It all begins when she thinks she sees a girl with wings in the forest near her home in Colorado.  From here we learn of genetic experiments and more heinous crimes than those.Frannie, a veterinarian, and Kit, an FBI agent find themselves thrown together in the hopes of saving a few very special children.  Surrounded by some mysterious deaths in the past few years, including her own husbands, Frannie now is trying to stop yet another murder.  It all begins when she thinks she sees a girl with wings in the forest near her home in Colorado.  From here we learn of genetic experiments and more heinous crimes than those.This book was written prior to the much acclaimed and popular Lakehouse with many of the same characters. 
 Ordinary Joy reminds you that God is in fact all around you in your ordinary living if you just take a break from all the hustle and bustle and truly appreciate His beauty. Joe Campeau uses personal illustrations that we can relate to, and in turn, relates them to the teachings of Jesus. On a personal note, my own faith has waivered for quite some time that after taking a "closer look," I am rediscovering God's presence in my life and I know that, no matter what, "the sun will shine tomorrow and I will be kissed by Son again and again and it can never be wiped away." Peace and JOY
 The mysterious oriental mirror is ugly, and it has powers that wield themselves on the unexpected.  It wreaks havoc and sometimes kills, as is the case with several people in this book.  The rest are either thought mad or driven mad.  Question:  If you could, would you switch places with somebody else in a different time?  I think I might, but I would like to be given a choice.  Brandy McCabe and her granddaughter Shay Garrett aren't given that choice.  Both are 20 years old and about to marry men neither love when the mirror transports them into each other's bodies.The mysterious oriental mirror is ugly, and it has powers that wield themselves on the unexpected.  It wreaks havoc and sometimes kills, as is the case with several people in this book.  The rest are either thought mad or driven mad.  Question:  If you could, would you switch places with somebody else in a different time?  I think I might, but I would like to be given a choice.  Brandy McCabe and her granddaughter Shay Garrett aren't given that choice.  Both are 20 years old and about to marry men neither love when the mirror transports them into each other's bodies.Marlys Millhiser has woven a complex and fascinating story of culture shock in which Brandy becomes her granddaughter and Shay becomes her grandmother.  Shay is thought crazy in the early 1900s because she can tell the future, and she keeps a diary to tell her grandmother how she has lived out her life should she return to her own body one day.  Her story and how she deals with a pre-citified Boulder, Colorado is the most interesting segment of the book, but I didn't feel sorry for Shay as much as I admired her strength of character.  She also had her mother's stories of her ancestors to go on, but this was not the case for poor Brandy.  The Garrett's and Shay's fiancee' don't know what to do with a pregnant Shay who is terrified and clueless about the year 1978, but they know after discovering the diary that she really is Brandy.  Marlys Millhiser has woven a complex and fascinating story of culture shock in which Brandy becomes her granddaughter and Shay becomes her grandmother.  Shay is thought crazy in the early 1900s because she can tell the future, and she keeps a diary to tell her grandmother how she has lived out her life should she return to her own body one day.  Her story and how she deals with a pre-citified Boulder, Colorado is the most interesting segment of the book, but I didn't feel sorry for Shay as much as I admired her strength of character.  She also had her mother's stories of her ancestors to go on, but this was not the case for poor Brandy.  The Garrett's and Shay's fiancee' don't know what to do with a pregnant Shay who is terrified and clueless about the year 1978, but they know after discovering the diary that she really is Brandy.  The story is often heartbreaking, often times quite funny, and there are so many supporting and unforgettable characters--like the lovable Thora K., Brandy's first mother-in-law and the old man who takes care of Shay when she runs away from her family--that this book is not only compelling, but also makes you think about your own place in this world.  What Shay and Brandy do have in common is Rachel, Brandy's daughter and Shay's mother.  Now picture those two being in each other's place when you think of that!  The story is often heartbreaking, often times quite funny, and there are so many supporting and unforgettable characters--like the lovable Thora K., Brandy's first mother-in-law and the old man who takes care of Shay when she runs away from her family--that this book is not only compelling, but also makes you think about your own place in this world.  What Shay and Brandy do have in common is Rachel, Brandy's daughter and Shay's mother.  Now picture those two being in each other's place when you think of that!  Somebody here called the book a literary classic; I wouldn't go that far, but it is excellent, regardless.  The Mirror is magical storytelling any way you look at it, so let it weave it's spell on you.        
 This book provides a very interesting and informative detail of the history of birth culture in America as discovered through the study of birth chairs.   In incluedes intriguing pictorial documentations of birth chairs and how they evolved into the modern maternity beds in use today
 Having read Katherine, I wanted to get my hands on another Anya Seton novel. Her words are beautiful and her accurate historical references in the Medieval and Renaissance eras are breathtaking. People recommended Green Darkness because of its timeless romance, historical feel and paranormal aspects centered on past lives and reincarnation. So I gave Green Darkness a whirl. This enormous book (a big trade paperback with over six-hundred pages) enthralled me from beginning to end and I wish it had been longer, that the magic hadn't ended. Despite its rather large size and intricate story, the novel ended too soon for me. (I like big books, but you have to make sure that you will enjoy the whole thing when getting a large volume.) I finished this gem in three sittings. The novel's setting begins in the late 1960s (around the year this was first published). Richard Mardson takes his beloved wife, the American heiress Celia Taylor, to his estate in Sussex, England. There he shows her around the ancient castle that had belonged to his noble family for centuries and introduces her to his friends and peers, all respectable noblemen and women like Richard. But something strange begins to happen between them. Celia is experiencing deja vu, as though she'd been there before. This happens the second she enters the castle. At the same time, Richard becomes restless and moody. Celia is bewildered by his abrupt change from the once loving man to someone who isolates himself and avoids her. Their lives and their marriage could be in shambles, and Celia has to go back to her previous life during Tudor England to figure out what had gone wrong in order to salvage their happiness at present time. Her past life is a woman named Celia Bohun who falls for a handsome monk named Stephen (Richard) Mardson. Their forbidden love is timeless and the things they go through are staggering. There are many twists throughout the novel.Having read Katherine, I wanted to get my hands on another Anya Seton novel. Her words are beautiful and her accurate historical references in the Medieval and Renaissance eras are breathtaking. People recommended Green Darkness because of its timeless romance, historical feel and paranormal aspects centered on past lives and reincarnation. So I gave Green Darkness a whirl. This enormous book (a big trade paperback with over six-hundred pages) enthralled me from beginning to end and I wish it had been longer, that the magic hadn't ended. Despite its rather large size and intricate story, the novel ended too soon for me. (I like big books, but you have to make sure that you will enjoy the whole thing when getting a large volume.) I finished this gem in three sittings. The novel's setting begins in the late 1960s (around the year this was first published). Richard Mardson takes his beloved wife, the American heiress Celia Taylor, to his estate in Sussex, England. There he shows her around the ancient castle that had belonged to his noble family for centuries and introduces her to his friends and peers, all respectable noblemen and women like Richard. But something strange begins to happen between them. Celia is experiencing deja vu, as though she'd been there before. This happens the second she enters the castle. At the same time, Richard becomes restless and moody. Celia is bewildered by his abrupt change from the once loving man to someone who isolates himself and avoids her. Their lives and their marriage could be in shambles, and Celia has to go back to her previous life during Tudor England to figure out what had gone wrong in order to salvage their happiness at present time. Her past life is a woman named Celia Bohun who falls for a handsome monk named Stephen (Richard) Mardson. Their forbidden love is timeless and the things they go through are staggering. There are many twists throughout the novel.I have read few novels that had made me go through as many emotions as this one had done. Celia and Stephen's love for one another was something truly beautiful and tragic at the same time. This novel brought me to tears by the time I finished. The building of tension between the protagonists is almost palpable. Celia is a very complex heroine. She is proud and innocent, but also could be quite the vixen when she sets her mind to it, especially when Stephen is involved. Stephen is a tall, dark and gorgeous hero who has taken a vow of chastity for his religion, but his attraction to Celia is undeniable and it is something that torments him. This part of his personality makes him a tortured soul and he is very appealing as a result. The part in which Celia looks after him when he falls ill is one of the sexiest scenes in the novel. It has a mixture of eroticism and innocence, for it is the first time Celia sees Stephen's nude body. The romance is indeed wonderful, but the historical references make this novel all the richer and more palatable. We experience all of the things that occurred during Tudor England, from Henry VIII's reign passing on to Queen Mary and onto Queen Elizabeth I. I have been reading quite a lot of historical/biographical novels and finding this book was like finding hidden treasure. You feel the time period and the events that took place in those times. The most insightful things for me were those centered on Queen Mary's persecution of Protestants and all the historical things that occur while time passes after the scandal centered on Celia's love for Stephen. The ending is one of the best endings I have read. Green Darkness is a true treasure that all historical enthusiasts should own. The story is quite intricate, not an easy read by a long shot (I find that most novels that center on reincarnation are very complex), but the overall development of the story is extremely well woven and beautifully executed. There are numerous characters in this novel, but I never felt like I had to keep up with them in order to remember them. Each character serves his or her purpose and I loved them (or hated them if they were villains). The one thing that puzzled me was the emphasis on Mabel's weight. I thought plump women were considered prettier in those times. And Celia (the twentieth century one) sounds a little too British for an American who'd set foot in England for the first time. Other than those negligible details, Green Darkness is perfect. Anya Seton was a great author, one of the best in her time. I think I like this novel more than Katherine. I wonder if Anya Seton and this novel inspired Jude Deveraux to write Remembrance (which I read at the same time as this one), which is another romance centered on soul mates and past lives partly set in the sixteenth century. Anyway, Green Darkness is one of the best historical/paranormal novels out there and I cannot recommend this memorable gem enough
 A Jules Vernes classic, this is one of those novels that has stood up well against the test of time.  True, there are some items that may seem a bit dated, and of course the whole scenario of the fantastic adventure to the depths of the earth is impossible.  Yet, this novel is still a joy to read.A Jules Vernes classic, this is one of those novels that has stood up well against the test of time.  True, there are some items that may seem a bit dated, and of course the whole scenario of the fantastic adventure to the depths of the earth is impossible.  Yet, this novel is still a joy to read.With a stoic Icelander as their guide, a renowned professor and his reluctant and skeptical nephew descend into the depths of a volcano in the vast frozen tundra of the Arctic, as the adventurers attempt to retrace the steps of a renowned alchemist.  Contrary to popular belief (and scientific reality), the party descends deeper into the bowels of the earth, which is remarkably of a mild climate and not a boiling inferno.  I won't serve as spoiler, but sufficed to say, that they uncover vast new worlds and creatures living in the subterranean world hundreds of miles beneath the terrestrial crust of the earth.With a stoic Icelander as their guide, a renowned professor and his reluctant and skeptical nephew descend into the depths of a volcano in the vast frozen tundra of the Arctic, as the adventurers attempt to retrace the steps of a renowned alchemist.  Contrary to popular belief (and scientific reality), the party descends deeper into the bowels of the earth, which is remarkably of a mild climate and not a boiling inferno.  I won't serve as spoiler, but sufficed to say, that they uncover vast new worlds and creatures living in the subterranean world hundreds of miles beneath the terrestrial crust of the earth.Vernes does attempt to make their descent seem plausible from a scientific standpoint.  Their instruments, a crude electric light and others, would be considered state-of-the art for their time.  Vernes also goes in great detail to describe the geological formations and fossilized remains contained in the earth.  Vernes also attempts to explain how it is possible to travel so far under the surface of the earth without increased pressure harming the body.  And if you take Verne's theories to heart (although modern science refutes them), their journey is plausible.Vernes does attempt to make their descent seem plausible from a scientific standpoint.  Their instruments, a crude electric light and others, would be considered state-of-the art for their time.  Vernes also goes in great detail to describe the geological formations and fossilized remains contained in the earth.  Vernes also attempts to explain how it is possible to travel so far under the surface of the earth without increased pressure harming the body.  And if you take Verne's theories to heart (although modern science refutes them), their journey is plausible.However, I do have a couple minor gripes.  Vernes goes into great detail describing fossils and rock formations, which no doubt lend scientific credence to his novel.  Although this may interst a geologist or paleontologist, the rest of the masses (myself included) probably find this too tedious and distracting from the main story line.  Also, there is one glaring scientific discrepancy with Vernes logic. During their rapid ascent (the details I won't reveal), the adventurers would have surely perished from decompression sickness (a.k.a., "the bends").  Although it was still a new phenomena at the time, I believe Vernes should have taken into account the rapid change in pressure, as he did during their slow descent into the abyss.However, I do have a couple minor gripes.  Vernes goes into great detail describing fossils and rock formations, which no doubt lend scientific credence to his novel.  Although this may interst a geologist or paleontologist, the rest of the masses (myself included) probably find this too tedious and distracting from the main story line.  Also, there is one glaring scientific discrepancy with Vernes logic. During their rapid ascent (the details I won't reveal), the adventurers would have surely perished from decompression sickness (a.k.a., "the bends").  Although it was still a new phenomena at the time, I believe Vernes should have taken into account the rapid change in pressure, as he did during their slow descent into the abyss.The nitpicking aside, this is a superb novel that has withstood the test of time.  A modern reader will no doubt be entertained and enthralled at Verne's vision of a subterranean world.  Nearly a century and a half later, Vernes' works still inspire awe and imagination
   I was stunned to see so many critical reviews of this book here.  Even more stunned by the criticisms.  This is not a scientific treatise, and never pretends to be.  This is not an introduction into the more abstract and obscure aspects of Emergence, nor is it a dry and tedious mathematical paper.  I was stunned to see so many critical reviews of this book here.  Even more stunned by the criticisms.  This is not a scientific treatise, and never pretends to be.  This is not an introduction into the more abstract and obscure aspects of Emergence, nor is it a dry and tedious mathematical paper.  This is an interesting, graspable, exciting and intelligently written book about a phenomenon which is absolutely, positively crucial to understand.  To some people Emergence is a particular abstract in a particular field - those people were disappointed and found this "light reading" - which is really too bad, because they are the ones who NEED this book the most.  Alas, we can expect it to be a while before these "scientist" can look outside their own shallow mud-puddles of their over-specialties to see how applicable emergent theory is to the world we are immersed in, both natural and man-made.  This is an interesting, graspable, exciting and intelligently written book about a phenomenon which is absolutely, positively crucial to understand.  To some people Emergence is a particular abstract in a particular field - those people were disappointed and found this "light reading" - which is really too bad, because they are the ones who NEED this book the most.  Alas, we can expect it to be a while before these "scientist" can look outside their own shallow mud-puddles of their over-specialties to see how applicable emergent theory is to the world we are immersed in, both natural and man-made.   If you didn't find this book exciting, you didn't read it.  Sit down and read it without distraction and prejudice.  Let Johnson do what he does best; take you on a journey of ideas and concepts.  Sure, some of it is simplified for the lay-reader, but anybody who isn't a total couch-potato is going to find the content interesting enough to set-out and search for details on their own.  It isn't Johnson's goal to elaborate on some trivial and fragmentary specialty that only people with masters degrees and secured positions in academia could possibly enjoy or tolerate.     If you didn't find this book exciting, you didn't read it.  Sit down and read it without distraction and prejudice.  Let Johnson do what he does best; take you on a journey of ideas and concepts.  Sure, some of it is simplified for the lay-reader, but anybody who isn't a total couch-potato is going to find the content interesting enough to set-out and search for details on their own.  It isn't Johnson's goal to elaborate on some trivial and fragmentary specialty that only people with masters degrees and secured positions in academia could possibly enjoy or tolerate.    His goal is to show what emergence IS and why it is SO important, how vast the concepts are in their potential application in every imaginable field, and how elegant, simple, complex, chaotic, and BEAUTIFUL emergence IS !  His goal is to show what emergence IS and why it is SO important, how vast the concepts are in their potential application in every imaginable field, and how elegant, simple, complex, chaotic, and BEAUTIFUL emergence IS !   And he does exactly this quite well.  If you read this book and are not excited, you didn't get it.  Read it again.  And again.  Look up the examples of emergence, and try to actually find your own examples of emergence in YOUR world, in YOUR daily experience.  The enrichment you'll gain from it will be worth a lot more than any silly over-specialty in an obscure field of research that nobody has ever hear
 A WONDERFULLY TOLD CAT-TAIL! THE ILLUSTRATIONS ARE LOVELY AND APPROPRIATE TO THE PLAYFUL THEME OF THE BOOK
 I love this cookbook. There are so many amazing recipes. As someone who is allergic to dairy, I am totally blown away at how creamy some of the dishes are. Besides the recipes, the book is filled with beautiful pictures and profound quotes that combine together to create a really special reading experience. I highly recommend this cookbook to vegans, vegetarians, people allergic to dairy and wheat, and meat eaters, as well
 i am a kindda new wife but struggling with learning how to grow up and not be a nag.  stormie is very easy to understand in her book and can relate to almost anyone. like another person said i do feel like this book was written just for me.  the written prayers help me bc sometimes i dont know how to pray for my husband and this gives u the words to say and scripture to back up everything she says.  also, it helps me more importantly be a better wife. this isnt a book to try to get ur way and mold and change ur husband. i'd say its about giving urself up to The Lord to change u and make u a better wife . and praying for ur husband is selfless and probably one of the most important things u could be doing. i highly recommend this book, highly.  it changed me almost instantly! 
 I have read all of Van Gulik's murder mysteries and this is has to be my favorite. The characters are intriguing and some sinister. The end is satisfying and bittersweet, challenging integrity vs justice. I would,  however, recommend you read the others first (chronological is good,  Chinese Gold Murders is first) to get to know the main characters although  this book can stand on on its own
 This is in my opinion John Bradshaw's best book. It encapsulates his thinking on the area of toxic shame and demonstrates how this phenomenon is at the core of compulsions, addictions, co-dependencies and our need to achieve beyond what is really necessary or serves our larger purposes.This is in my opinion John Bradshaw's best book. It encapsulates his thinking on the area of toxic shame and demonstrates how this phenomenon is at the core of compulsions, addictions, co-dependencies and our need to achieve beyond what is really necessary or serves our larger purposes.In this volume, John Bradshaw demonstrates how toxic shame develops and leads to the breakdown of families. He also talks about how this cycle is perpetuated through generations and actually covers a lot of ground in terms of family dynamics.In this volume, John Bradshaw demonstrates how toxic shame develops and leads to the breakdown of families. He also talks about how this cycle is perpetuated through generations and actually covers a lot of ground in terms of family dynamics.Through affirmations, working with feelings, visualizations and other techniques, the author shows the reader how to work through toxic shame. As someone who has done the work himself, he comes across as compassionate, knowledgeable and very practical.Through affirmations, working with feelings, visualizations and other techniques, the author shows the reader how to work through toxic shame. As someone who has done the work himself, he comes across as compassionate, knowledgeable and very practical.Sometimes I get annoyed when I read this book because of unnecessary repetition of some key concepts. This is the explanation for my 4 rating, along with the fact that many of his books overlap each other with respect to content. Therefore, my overall rating is that this is a solid, well-written classic that certainly deserves its best-seller status. However, prepare yourself for some repetition and unnecessarily long examples of what he is talking about.
 I love this book!  I love this series and it absolutely pains me to think that this may be the last (I say maybe because originally Buddies was supposed to be the last).  It is such a difficult book to pick up and read because every emotion invested in the previous three books is tested.  My love for Dennis Savage's irony becomes sorrow at the hope that he will lose face and stay with Little Kiwi.  My love for Little Kiwi's innocence becomes concern for his actions.  It's like watching your child make questionable decisions and knowing that no matter what the result, the choices that they make are theirs, and there's nothing you can do about it, but let them be chosen.  It's hard letting Little Kiwi grow up and become Virgil Brown.  I imagine it's the same way with a child, but at least then you get to see what happens!  Mind you, the book like the other three is a comic genius with subtle, feeling humor that has you laughing one minute and crying the next.  But just like &quot;Just Above My Head&quot; by James Baldwin (which I highly recommend), I have been unable to pick up this book and read it again.  It simply leaves me realing with so many feelings, yet I would not trade the experience reading it with anything.  How does one mix merriment with malaise so well?  Read the book and find out
 This book will be invaluable now as I am going to groom my dog myself. The instructions are easily understood
 I LOVE Joanna Brady!  However, this introduction to her and her life in Bisbee is NOT the best book Jance has ever written.  One thing that is terrific about Jance, though, is that she is from Bisbee and describes the town in exact detail.  Bisbee is a quaint crazy town and Jance grabs all of the details of that small town oasis in the desert.  Joanna Brady is a likeable character and the series gets beter and better as time goes by. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
 This is a cute story about a spider who drops in on a farm.  All the farm animals greet her and invite her to play.  But the spider spends the day building her web instead.  The book is fun and informative, and not at all scary.  The pages are doubled so they are easy to turn, but be careful, because inquisitive little fingers may reach inside the pages and rip them.  The book has about 350 words
 Collins' efforts with his justly famed &quot;The Moonstone&quot; and &quot;The Woman in White&quot; have perhaps overshadowed his very fine work as seen in &quot;Armadale.&quot;  Lydia Gwilt (don't you love the last name?) is one of the great unsung characters in English (or any western) literature.  Collins seems to delight in making her as full-bodied, as attractive to men, and as dangerous as he can without ever losing his grip and falling over the slippery precipice into satire.  Given the tenor and social conventions of the time, her quest for revenge on the despicable Alan Armadale seems perfectly in keeping.  Lydia Gwilt is like an early, English Scarlett O'Hara without the redeeming humor Scarlett was known to exhibit.  All in all, an extraordinarily well-written and three-dimensional character study
 I evolved into a lower carb nutrition by finding first that I needed more protein than I had thought and that I reacted strongly to sugars.  I bought this book when I decided to lose a few pounds, but wanted to understand any health implications related to a low carb diet.  I was already having gall bladder and liver issues.  I bought this book first and 2.5 years later, it is still the best reference I have.  The chapter on hormones is a bit technical, but this chapter alone is worth the price of the book.  I evolved into a lower carb nutrition by finding first that I needed more protein than I had thought and that I reacted strongly to sugars.  I bought this book when I decided to lose a few pounds, but wanted to understand any health implications related to a low carb diet.  I was already having gall bladder and liver issues.  I bought this book first and 2.5 years later, it is still the best reference I have.  The chapter on hormones is a bit technical, but this chapter alone is worth the price of the book.  Within three days of eliminating grains from my diet, I no longer cared whether or not I lost weight.  My awful blood sugar drops and painful bloating were gone, my energy increased significantly and within weeks I noticed that the gall bladder pain was gone (and it hasn't come back).  Within three months my intense hot flashes disappeared and I started sleeping better.  Within three days of eliminating grains from my diet, I no longer cared whether or not I lost weight.  My awful blood sugar drops and painful bloating were gone, my energy increased significantly and within weeks I noticed that the gall bladder pain was gone (and it hasn't come back).  Within three months my intense hot flashes disappeared and I started sleeping better.  The book first describes what low carb nutrition is, then goes on to discuss hormones and how insulin impacts the overall balance of the body's hormones in different ways.  It addresses overall energy, diabetes, heart disease, cancer, gastrointestinal disorders, vitamins and minerals, and weight control (one chapter - the rest is on health issues). 
 Three of my nephews and my son's favorite book. He wore it out and I had to buy another one.
 I thought that the two books previous to this in the Duncan Kincaid/Gemma James series were slight disappointments.  Kincaid seemed relegated to a side character with Gemma taking the lead.  IN A DARK HOUSE is an excellent mystery that brings the two back to equal ground and re-establishes them as one of the best partnerships in mystery fiction
 This is an excellent book.  The anecdotal stories that the author includes make the book much more readable when compared to other parrot guides.  The authors book on Senegal parrots and their family is also full of information.
 On the surface, Natsuo Kirino gives us a book loaded with nail-biting, page turning suspense.  What lies beneath is a scathing commentary on the social climate for women in Japan.  Women are seen as beautiful young pets, or useless old bags.  Kirino shows a side of Japan that I didn't know existed.On the surface, Natsuo Kirino gives us a book loaded with nail-biting, page turning suspense.  What lies beneath is a scathing commentary on the social climate for women in Japan.  Women are seen as beautiful young pets, or useless old bags.  Kirino shows a side of Japan that I didn't know existed.Kirino's brilliant characterization makes this book work.  Every person is fleshed out within the context of the story, and flashbacks are only used when absolutely necessary.  I never felt like the story was on hold while I learned about someone's childhood.  I can't stand it when writers stop a story cold just to fill in holes that they have created.  Kirino doesn't have that problem.Kirino's brilliant characterization makes this book work.  Every person is fleshed out within the context of the story, and flashbacks are only used when absolutely necessary.  I never felt like the story was on hold while I learned about someone's childhood.  I can't stand it when writers stop a story cold just to fill in holes that they have created.  Kirino doesn't have that problem.The book has a bit of a slow start, but it is necessary for the author to paint a picure of the mundane world the characters live in before things start to heat up.  The story picks up momentum and charges through to a brilliant ending (I have to disagree with other reviewers who disliked the ending. If you don't like the ending, you may be missing the point of the whole book). The plot twists manage to surprise the reader without feeling forced. Kirino's style is concise and well-paced.The book has a bit of a slow start, but it is necessary for the author to paint a picure of the mundane world the characters live in before things start to heat up.  The story picks up momentum and charges through to a brilliant ending (I have to disagree with other reviewers who disliked the ending. If you don't like the ending, you may be missing the point of the whole book). The plot twists manage to surprise the reader without feeling forced. Kirino's style is concise and well-paced.My one complaint is that it is difficult to keep the characters straight because of their similar names.  With names like Yayoi, Yoshie, and Yoko it's hard to know who's who at times.  This may show my American ignorance, but I have to admit that this was a problem for me.My one complaint is that it is difficult to keep the characters straight because of their similar names.  With names like Yayoi, Yoshie, and Yoko it's hard to know who's who at times.  This may show my American ignorance, but I have to admit that this was a problem for me.This minor complaint aside, I loved this book and I highly recommend it to all fans of crime fiction
 As a therapist (16 yrs), I have been using the material in this book for reframing the experience of depression for my clients.  The clients I have introduced this book to are now reframing their illness as an intiation  into a greater understanding of their relation to self/soul.  While at  times dry for most laypeople, It has become a reference book for my  practice
 In response to the guy who said this book isn't &quot;scientific&quot; I say, it's as scientific as the diagnosis. (Which is essentially a catalog of behaviors that annoy teachers, but I digress.) There's no scientific proof that ADHD actually exists as a disorder. Since we don't understand the brain, or why it does things, how can we assume that brain scans actually tell anyone anything? Choosing a positive perspective about annoying behavior is a good start. The book is worth your time, but you should also check out Hallowell or Ingersoll
 Among all the theories of ethics with which I am familiar, I have always found Kant's system to be the best: carrying out one's duty for the sake of the duty itself. The problem with Kant, however, is that his theory of morality is grounded outside humanity, dependent on a source of which we can never, some may claim, have any understanding. Christine Korsgaard fixes, at least for me, this problem, by showing that one does not have to venture outside humanity in order to ground its morality. In short, the source of normativity is our humanity itself.Among all the theories of ethics with which I am familiar, I have always found Kant's system to be the best: carrying out one's duty for the sake of the duty itself. The problem with Kant, however, is that his theory of morality is grounded outside humanity, dependent on a source of which we can never, some may claim, have any understanding. Christine Korsgaard fixes, at least for me, this problem, by showing that one does not have to venture outside humanity in order to ground its morality. In short, the source of normativity is our humanity itself.I don't want to get into too much details and give away the main points of the book. Suffice it to say that it offers, in my opinion, some of the best arguments for the objectivity of morality. The conclusion I reached after reading the book was this: It is as much justified for a human to complain 'Why should I be moral?' as it is for him/her to complain 'Why should I have two eyes?' In both cases, the answer is 'Because you are a human being, a social animal with two eyes.'
 Highly recommended! The text is engaging and very informative.  Clear possibilities for implementation
 I really enjoyed this book. It was a few good laughs over a few good dumps. What else can a Goomba ask from a book sittin' on the back of the cammode
 I found Lovemaps a valueable and insightful look at the way individuals relate to sexual behavior and establish their sexual identify and desires based on life experiences which as Dr. Money indicates occurs in childhood and which is unconsciously formed by the individual. I found this book extremely helpful while working on my Doctorate in Human Sexuality and now 6 years later as I continue my research and work as a Sexologist and Sex Therapist. I highly recommend this book to other Sexologist and Clinicians, as well as any man or woman who is interested in learning more about sex and sexual behavior; and in essence more about themselves. It definitely helps if you read a book before judging it. And this book should be in everyone's "Sensual Library".  Live with passion, Dr. Charley Ferrer, author of The Latina Kama Sutra, The W.I.S.E. Journal for the Sensual Woman, Para La Mujer Sensual, El Kama Sutra Latino, The Passionate Latina: In Our Own Words... www.instituteofpleasure.org
 The Art of The Table - A Complete Guide to Table Setting, Table Manners, and Tableware, is extremely thorough in covering all the details related to proper table etiquette. Author Suzanne Von Drachenfels makes it so easy, and entertaining in the process, finding the answer to any mealtime dilemma.The Art of The Table - A Complete Guide to Table Setting, Table Manners, and Tableware, is extremely thorough in covering all the details related to proper table etiquette. Author Suzanne Von Drachenfels makes it so easy, and entertaining in the process, finding the answer to any mealtime dilemma.In nine, worldly-wise written chapters, you will learn all about table fundamentals. Starting with the dining experience (formal vs. informal), then dinnerware, flatware, stemware, table linens, serving techniques, dining finesse, menu planning, Suzanne completes her mission with her undertaking of table manners in a changing world. Her history lessons compliment any given subject and are very enjoyable. Excellent
 Wells wrote The Time Machine (1895) rather furiously; it seems the author was short of money and exploited his idea of future time travel, summing it up in a tightly constructed, very short novel. Most works that I have read from the nineteenth century are long-winded, purple-toned, velvet-like effluviums. This one is short and for once I would have liked a book a bit wordier.Wells wrote The Time Machine (1895) rather furiously; it seems the author was short of money and exploited his idea of future time travel, summing it up in a tightly constructed, very short novel. Most works that I have read from the nineteenth century are long-winded, purple-toned, velvet-like effluviums. This one is short and for once I would have liked a book a bit wordier.Anyhow, the narrator, a sort of mad tinkerer, describes his visit 800,000+ years to the future. He finds two distinct inheritors of the human race: one smallish, simple-minded but joyful class of vegetarian people that live on the surface of the Earth (the Eloi), and one larger brute-like class of photophobic ground dwellers that perform most of the work for the Eloi, but unfortunately also eat them. Gone are most of the trappings of modern society. Humans have devolved into beautiful idiots and those that prey upon them.   Darwin's theories of evolution and natural selection were just beginning to take hold at the time Wells was writing and they obviously influence the work. I read somewhere that Wells took a university course taught by the biologist T.H. Huxley, who highly regarded Darwin's theories. Socialism also influences the book, with the Morlock underclass literally kept in the dark until they devolve into creatures that cannot tolerate light and have to rely on human flesh for food. Part of socialist theory is conflict theory; so instead of cannibalizing their own, the Morlocks eat the Eloi as a sort of vengeance.Darwin's theories of evolution and natural selection were just beginning to take hold at the time Wells was writing and they obviously influence the work. I read somewhere that Wells took a university course taught by the biologist T.H. Huxley, who highly regarded Darwin's theories. Socialism also influences the book, with the Morlock underclass literally kept in the dark until they devolve into creatures that cannot tolerate light and have to rely on human flesh for food. Part of socialist theory is conflict theory; so instead of cannibalizing their own, the Morlocks eat the Eloi as a sort of vengeance.Darkness, and the use of the dark as something mysterious from out which monsters may jump, is Gothic old hat for early writers of this genre. Wells uses the dark as the place where the Morlocks are banished, and where the Time-traveler believes the Morlocks have his stolen time machine. We feel the Gothic fear when he knows he has to go down there to attempt to get it back. Also, I wouldn't say Wells is the first to blend science with fiction either; see Hawthorne's "Rappaccini's Daughter", Mary Shelley's Frankenstein or Edgar Allan Poe. And is there something unsettling about the Time-traveler's undertaking with the childlike Weena? Her death at the hands of the Morlocks is tragic, but imagine the circus-spectacle she would make if the narrator brought her back to his time as he intended
 Rose Madder was one the first books that got me hooked on Stephen King. This story is phenomenal, in my opinion.  I have to admit the first time I read it I was a little confused.  I was not one to be to much into "sci fi" fantasy type stuff.  This, like any good story or movie is best when it is read a few times.  Then you really get to pick up the subtle hints that you may have missed before. Then again I am a bit biased.  Rose Madder is right at the top of my list of most favorites (just below Bag of Bones
 I picked up this book hoping to fall asleep reading. Instead I was drawn in by page 3 and stayed up until I'd read most of it. The main character, in my opinion, is Janet, the mother. I think it's more or less in her voice, and that is why she is the most developed character. The book was very funny in an "Oh no!" kind of way. Sure, there are some outrageous stories and some things may seem unlikely to some people. They are lucky, I guess. I, for one, can really relate to the dysfunctional family and to a lot of the characters. But it isn't meant to be a character study or some huge philosophy assignment. It's meant to entertain you while you pass some time reading, and it does that just fine
 Carol Kuykendall --- author, speaker, and strategic projects director for MOPS International (Mothers of Preschoolers) --- has compiled what she considers the five-star winning components of a successful family. According to this mom of three grown children, the five key elements of a great family begin with love -- expressions that inspire and comfort; fun -- activities that recharge a family's batteries; loyalty -- lessons on sticking with family through it all; growth -- embracing new challenges and seeing the value of stretching; and faith -- holding close a relationship with Christ that shines vividly and practically into the lives of others. With many personal anecdotes, fanciful stories, and good common sense advice, Kuykendall does a marvelous job presenting a handbook for parents that is easy on both the eyes and the heart.Carol Kuykendall --- author, speaker, and strategic projects director for MOPS International (Mothers of Preschoolers) --- has compiled what she considers the five-star winning components of a successful family. According to this mom of three grown children, the five key elements of a great family begin with love -- expressions that inspire and comfort; fun -- activities that recharge a family's batteries; loyalty -- lessons on sticking with family through it all; growth -- embracing new challenges and seeing the value of stretching; and faith -- holding close a relationship with Christ that shines vividly and practically into the lives of others. With many personal anecdotes, fanciful stories, and good common sense advice, Kuykendall does a marvelous job presenting a handbook for parents that is easy on both the eyes and the heart.The author's two-part text deals with family matters that focus on the beginnings of new family life when a young couple first discovers they're pregnant. Some of the practical points offered in this section include deciding who to invite to the actual delivery, naming the baby by taking into account potential teasing/taunting as a result of this all-important choice, hashing out basic parenting decisions regarding naps/nursing/discipline, dealing with those unmet expectations that crop up almost immediately after giving birth, and learning to fit into the extended family with the newest member without stepping on other siblings' toes or feelings.The author's two-part text deals with family matters that focus on the beginnings of new family life when a young couple first discovers they're pregnant. Some of the practical points offered in this section include deciding who to invite to the actual delivery, naming the baby by taking into account potential teasing/taunting as a result of this all-important choice, hashing out basic parenting decisions regarding naps/nursing/discipline, dealing with those unmet expectations that crop up almost immediately after giving birth, and learning to fit into the extended family with the newest member without stepping on other siblings' toes or feelings.Kuykendall then delves into dreaming for a bit. Just what kind of family does the new couple want to be? The author discusses the value of looking back in order to glean the best of past childhoods while wisely leaving not-so healthy patterns behind where they belong. She also details the importance of taking a realistic look at where a family is today, accepting where people are, because this is the point from which everyone can move ahead. Finally, a brief segment on looking ahead with hopeful, faith-inspired enthusiasm closes out this foundational topic.Kuykendall then delves into dreaming for a bit. Just what kind of family does the new couple want to be? The author discusses the value of looking back in order to glean the best of past childhoods while wisely leaving not-so healthy patterns behind where they belong. She also details the importance of taking a realistic look at where a family is today, accepting where people are, because this is the point from which everyone can move ahead. Finally, a brief segment on looking ahead with hopeful, faith-inspired enthusiasm closes out this foundational topic.To complete part one, Kuykendall does a lovely job presenting the "gifts" children bring to a family. Clearly, children are gifts from God, but with them come powerful life lessons on perspective. Consider the gift of "do-overs," in which parents can relive the innocence and wonder of childhood discovery through their children's eyes. This important truth reminds parents that God is the giver of second chances. Kuykendall also cites the gifts of humility as children "reveal us to ourselves" as imperfect parents. Children also model sincerity of a simple, uncomplicated faith.To complete part one, Kuykendall does a lovely job presenting the "gifts" children bring to a family. Clearly, children are gifts from God, but with them come powerful life lessons on perspective. Consider the gift of "do-overs," in which parents can relive the innocence and wonder of childhood discovery through their children's eyes. This important truth reminds parents that God is the giver of second chances. Kuykendall also cites the gifts of humility as children "reveal us to ourselves" as imperfect parents. Children also model sincerity of a simple, uncomplicated faith.Once this solid foundation is set, Kuykendall spends a generous amount of space re-defining her five-star qualities, each with its own separate chapter (Love, Fun, Loyalty, Growth, Faith). Every chapter opens with a lengthy discussion that includes biblical principles and selected bible verses, personal insights from the author's own family life, specific action points, and quippy yet powerful quotations for increased take-away reminders. One of the most telling quotations included in this timely text appears near the end, and it typifies Kuykendall's entire message beautifully. "Family is...A soft place to land."Once this solid foundation is set, Kuykendall spends a generous amount of space re-defining her five-star qualities, each with its own separate chapter (Love, Fun, Loyalty, Growth, Faith). Every chapter opens with a lengthy discussion that includes biblical principles and selected bible verses, personal insights from the author's own family life, specific action points, and quippy yet powerful quotations for increased take-away reminders. One of the most telling quotations included in this timely text appears near the end, and it typifies Kuykendall's entire message beautifully. "Family is...A soft place to land."Once this solid foundation is set, Kuykendall spends a generous amount of space re-defining her five-star qualities, each with its own separate chapter (Love, Fun, Loyalty, Growth, Faith). Every chapter opens with a lengthy discussion that includes biblical principles and selected bible verses, personal insights from the author's own family life, specific action points, and quippy yet powerful quotations for increased take-away reminders. One of the most telling quotations included in this timely text appears near the end, and it typifies Kuykendall's entire message beautifully. "Family is...A soft place to land."   --- Reviewed by Michele How
 Wow!!!  This is a ton of great information from a 'been there, done that' Mom and Grandma.  Wow!!!  This is a ton of great information from a 'been there, done that' Mom and Grandma.  The author shares wisdom, humor and stories all wrapped in grace...  (I loved that I could read it and be inspired to be better, encouraged for the great things I AM doing, but not feel guilty about all the stuff I'm NOT doing.)   (I loved that I could read it and be inspired to be better, encouraged for the great things I AM doing, but not feel guilty about all the stuff I'm NOT doing.)   This is a celebration  of the family. I think I might make it my new standard baby shower gift!!
 I got my copy of &quot;The Five Keys to Value Investing&quot; as a graduation gift from my dad who is a longtime professional equities investor.  He thought this book would be a good way for me to prep before I start my career on Wall Street.  I was not disappointed.  The Five Keys is a very good summary of what I learned in business school and much, much more.  The author draws heavily from his own professional experiences as a disciple of one legendary value investor and couples it with the value investment styles of other great investors like Buffett and Graham.  The experience that the reader is drawn into is very worthwhile; but what makes this book very special is the framework.  I have read several investment books over the years, but none like this one.  Putting thousands of lessons and teachings of prominent value investors into a solid frame of mind is clearly the draw.  In addition, reading along as the author analyzes and dissects companies and few special situations add gravitas to the body of work.  The clarity in the concepts and the "conversation-like" tone was particularly attractive to me. In sum, this is a very coherent, practical book on the principles of value investing despite the fact that it is not too objective -- considering the authors' strong unapologetic bias towards value investing
 When I first started reviewing children's books on Amazon.com I gave myself a long list of rules to follow.  And one of those rules stated that I was not to read other reviews of a book on the site until AFTER I'd written my own review.  I wanted my little writings to remain unsullied and pure, filled only with my own thoughts (which I obviously mistook to be brilliant) and feelings.  After a while though I gave up on this rule.  By and large (and this is not speaking for all reviews... just 90% of them) a review for a children's book goes something along the lines of "It was good, my four-year-old requests it every night, buy this book, etc.".  Nothing too shocking or revealing.  So I grew lazy.  I started reading other reviews of picture books long before I sat down to actually write a review of my own.  Just moments ago I went to do the same thing for the beautiful picture book, "Martin's Big Words".  This book was on my list of must-reads because it had garnered itself a Caldecott Honor years before.  So I went to the appropriate Amazon.com page (much as you are now) and read the first review on the list.  At the time, it was an unassuming July 18, 2002 review entitled, "There's Something Wrong Here...".  I read the review.  I digested the review.  And I came to the inescapable opinion that the points raised in the review were good ones.  Ones that I should consider, dare I say, in my OWN review.  This is unprecedented.  Never has a review for a book, a children's book, really hit home for me like this one did.  So to that mysterious reader who thought to make a point back in 2002, I commend you.  And to myself, a mental whipping for breaking my own rules.  It's a hard act to follow, but I've a point or two of my own to make and I'm gonna make `em.Now  as a children's librarian I get a whole heaping helpful of small children coming in around January 17th (or just before) requesting books on Martin Luther King Jr.  For the older children, such requests are usually easy enough to fulfill.  But for little ones with short attention spans and even shorter vocabularies, the choices are limited.  Fortunately, there's, "Martin's Big Words".  A beautiful encapsulation of the life of the great man, the book shows Martin as a child, first encountering the insanity of segregation.  We see him grow up and preach a gospel of love and acceptance.  Following this are small looks at the 1955 Montgomery bus boycott, civil rights marches, and his 1964 Nobel Peace Prize.  Finally, while marching with striking garbage collectors (a fact not often mentioned in children's biographies of King), he was shot and killed.  Says the book at the end, "His big words are alive for us today".  The book is stunning to look at, you know.  The endpapers consist of pane after pane of brown, peach, amber, and umber stained glass.  Taken together, the stained glass appears to be a variety of different skin tones all working together to make something beautiful.  Using collage, illustrator Bryan Collier peppers his unique style with symbolic images (such as four lit candles placed in remembrance of the girls killed in the Sixteenth Street Baptist church).  In the rest of the book, Collier's images leap off the page.  They're bright, colorful and eclectic.  Combined with author Doreen Rappaport's elegant eloquent narrative, children get a full understanding of the courage and greatness behind Dr. King's life and actions.  So what about the complaints of this book?  Let's examine them fully.  First of all, one criticism is that in the image of the civil rights march there are thirteen men on display, none of whom are either white or female.  This is true.  And it is a little odd.  Not don't-buy-this-book odd.  Just why-did-the-illustrator-make-that-choice odd.  From looking at the picture I can only assume that Collier was working off a snapshot of a portion of a march from the past and didn't notice that it was a bit skewed.  The other criticism of the book is that whites are only portrayed as evil rednecks that want to kill Dr. King.  I dunno.  The book says plenty of things about diversity and the coming together of the races.  As for the lack of positive white images, I admit they're not present in this particular book.  However, the world is filled to overflowing with books that DO present positive images of white people.  As a white person myself, I'm sick to death of 'em.  And I'd gladly exchange four or five hundred such books for a single one that was half as beautifully illustrated and written as "Martin's Big Words".  So yeah, the book has a flaw here or there.  But it also fills a need.  However important you deem it that your children see positive images of whites during the Freedom Marches is your prerogative.  But don't pass "Martin's Big Words" by because it fails to fully display the diversity of the 60s in your eyes.  It's a great book with a great message.  It's also one of the few King bios that'll capture your seven-year-old's attention for longer than a minute.  A great addition to any library and a necessary purchase for anyone who wants to teach their small child about a magnificent man.
 I loved this book.  I love it so much, I want to give copies to my sisters, my friends and to get my husband to read it.  The ideas seem so simple and straight forward, that when you read it, you say "of course, I can do that in my life."Much of it covers identifying your goals, focusing on those and affirming that you can achieve them.  I found it very rational and not just wishful thinking.  I really like the exercises included in some chapters.  One exercise was to write a description of what would be a your perfect day.  He explains the purpose of each exercise and ask questions/gives direction for carrying it out.It's the type of book that can be sampled and parts re-read at intervals to reinforce your efforts for a happier life
  I read this book and could not put it down. Mr Moyers will change the way of thinking for many as this disease has no limitations on the age in which this disease affects someone and all those around them. This book has insight and  boundless wisdom for all generations involved. I would recommend all colleges make it madatory reading, and only wish somehow every adult knew it was available. 
 Ibn Batuta describes his encounters with peoples and lands west of his native Tangiers (Morocco) in the 14 C. By avoiding to travel the same route twice, he comes to the same places a number of times (Baghdad, Delhi) spinning and zigzagging his ways through mountains and seas. As he explores with brio this world, he unfolds himself and as in most cross-cultural encounters, this maybe one of the most interesting features of the book. He accepts miraculous events with a candor I have not found in any other Middle Age traveler of those lands (from Marco Polo to the Jesuits). He gives little description of the way people live in the places he visits - which I regret - apart from detailed descriptions of the gowns and other garments he is given by some of the Sheikhs of the places he visits. The descriptions of how those sheikhs succeeded to govern illustrate how (extremely) fragile power was and is in those regions. Names are sometimes difficult to relate to those we know - which is regretful. Don't follow Ibn Batuta's advice, read (and enjoy) the book twice
 I lived in a situation somewhat like that Richardson describes.  We watched VietNam from 1000 miles away, but the players were the same.  It was like living at the far edge of the Welsh Marches in the time of the Roman Empire.  Maybe if you haven't lived within a bureauocracy you won't understand, but everything he says is true
 A must for any afterlife library.The chapter entitled "Mothers Chapter" is worth the price of the book alone. I know it will be hard to put this book down. A delightful 2 day read
 There are many books out there about the supposed strengths or weaknesses of globalization and free trade, but at least in terms of the international movement of capital, you'll usually find mere boosterism and ideology. At last, Paul Blustein has given us a look at the real-life effects of financial shenanigans and speculation on the lives of real people in a developing nation. Here we have an in-depth and incredibly informative examination of the global financial trends that led to the horrendous collapse of Argentina's economy in 2001-2002, which resulted in millions and millions of people descending into poverty and hardship. You won't be surprised to see the word "bubble" regularly, as Blustein covers the surprisingly slow-moving factors that added up to disaster over several years, with many mistakes made by all parties along the way. There are many books out there about the supposed strengths or weaknesses of globalization and free trade, but at least in terms of the international movement of capital, you'll usually find mere boosterism and ideology. At last, Paul Blustein has given us a look at the real-life effects of financial shenanigans and speculation on the lives of real people in a developing nation. Here we have an in-depth and incredibly informative examination of the global financial trends that led to the horrendous collapse of Argentina's economy in 2001-2002, which resulted in millions and millions of people descending into poverty and hardship. You won't be surprised to see the word "bubble" regularly, as Blustein covers the surprisingly slow-moving factors that added up to disaster over several years, with many mistakes made by all parties along the way. In addition to some financial mismanagement and damaging internal politics within Argentina itself, Blustein also explains errors made by the IMF and the Clinton and Bush administrations, and unhealthy speculation by foreign investors who had no regard for the outcomes of their actions. Not to mention, Argentina was the punching bag for an international monetary system that is built to ensure short-term rewards for speculators, plus an ideology that believes it to be acceptable when elites in rich countries profit while regular people in developing nations are left holding the bag when the bubble bursts. I would also recommend this book for those with a general interest in international monetary matters, as Bluestein does a marvelous job explaining phenomena like currency exchange rates, international debt and equity markets, and other financial concepts that you may wish to understand more deeply. If you're an ideologue in love with the supposed panacea of free markets, thinking that the unfettered movement of capital around the world will raise all ships, you might have your worldview shot down by Blustein and his excellent look at Argentina's misery. [~doomsdayer520~
 I have a pile of thes books at home & this is the first one that ever gave me any useful information.  I am physically challenged and I have a hard time getting around.  This is the only book I ever read that features information for people like me
 I found this book to very informative. In a nutshell, it tells you how food is processed throughout your system and it's reaction. Like, fresh vegatables can be eaten with anything but starches don't digest well with meat. There are stages to going *Raw* that Ms. Rose has honestly and clearly put out there. Our bodies just can't go Raw over night. Yhere is a change in the digestive system. I know from my experience how my body feels when I eat raw for several days and then introduce the wrong combonation of foods. I feel like I'm suffering at the toilet.Sorry. Natalie gets you through the stages of developing this life style. It's a Detox program not a cookbook. It has recipes for all the stages to going *Raw. Ms. Rose hershelf claims it took several years for her to go completely Raw. The recipes are for those various stages. I don't find anything wrong with this book. As far as enzymes. All foods have them, and yes our body has them too. When cooking foods you are breaking down the enzymes that are packed with nutrients. That simple. We want to incorporate more enzymes or natural living food into our bodies. I found this book to very informative. In a nutshell, it tells you how food is processed throughout your system and it's reaction. Like, fresh vegatables can be eaten with anything but starches don't digest well with meat. There are stages to going *Raw* that Ms. Rose has honestly and clearly put out there. Our bodies just can't go Raw over night. Yhere is a change in the digestive system. I know from my experience how my body feels when I eat raw for several days and then introduce the wrong combonation of foods. I feel like I'm suffering at the toilet.Sorry. Natalie gets you through the stages of developing this life style. It's a Detox program not a cookbook. It has recipes for all the stages to going *Raw. Ms. Rose hershelf claims it took several years for her to go completely Raw. The recipes are for those various stages. I don't find anything wrong with this book. As far as enzymes. All foods have them, and yes our body has them too. When cooking foods you are breaking down the enzymes that are packed with nutrients. That simple. We want to incorporate more enzymes or natural living food into our bodies. And if you read your Bible...you will know what it means to eat pure food. Eat what the Lord has provided for you. You best optimal health can continue and grow from eating more living foods. And if you read your Bible...you will know what it means to eat pure food. Eat what the Lord has provided for you. You best optimal health can continue and grow from eating more living foods. I was on this plan for a month. Without exercise I did the stage 3 and followed through the evening. I lost 16lbs in a month! I didn't even do an enema yet. My body was doing well everyday several times a day getting rid of the waste I've manage to occumalate. I didn'want to wear my food anymore. My insulin was way off from process snacks. This really help me feel the difference and pay respect to the best thing I could have done for myself. This book is a great beginning. I hope you see it the way I do
 I enjoyed this novel. It wasn't Hiaasen's best work but it was well beyond a lot of novels one could read. I enjoyed this novel. It wasn't Hiaasen's best work but it was well beyond a lot of novels one could read. Hiaasen has the ability to look at the lower end of society and bring out the humour in how they conduct their lives. In this novel, two people win the Lotto. Ordinarily this would be a cause for celebration but when one of the winners bemoans the fact that they have to share their spoils with another and they are wanna-be white supremists, then the adventure starts. Hiaasen has the ability to look at the lower end of society and bring out the humour in how they conduct their lives. In this novel, two people win the Lotto. Ordinarily this would be a cause for celebration but when one of the winners bemoans the fact that they have to share their spoils with another and they are wanna-be white supremists, then the adventure starts. The shenanigans of the characters is both humourous and engrossing, this is a book that I recommend
 Only about two hundred pages, Jonathan Spence does a very noble job summarizing one of the most powerful, mysterious, fascinating, and frightening persons of the twentieth century.  Though if one is looking for a book that goes into detail about any aspect of Mao's life or policies, it is best to look elsewhere.  This book is a straightforward and unabashed introduction and quick overview of Mao's life and work and ideas.  Perfect for people curious about Mao and twentieth century China who want to read more than an abstract, but do not necessarily need or want to tackle a big and detailed work.  Just the facts and little commentary.  Spence does a good job balancing any bias against or for Mao and his policies and deals mostly with the reasons for them and overall consequences
 This book opened up new database opportunities for me. Without it, I would never have unlocked the real power of MySQL 5
 This novel was amazing.  It is just as good as Jurassic Park and I recommend it to anyone who loved Jurassic Park.  This novel is much better than the movie so if you liked Lost World, then you should definitely read this.  Crichton realistially extends this series and keeps you entertained throughout the book.  Once you pick it up, you won't want to put it down
 I really enjoyed this book. It was interesting and fast. It kept my attention and I did not want to put the book down.
 The Chronicles of Narnia by accaimled author C.S. Lewis is worth every penny. I bought a copy for myself, but I am saving it for when my son learns to read. The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe will move you if are you 25 or 5 and the story is a of such a kind--that you are the better for reading it
 Through Forster's impressive command of the English language and advanced character development, the story of Helen & Margaret Schlegel unfolds. The sisters--who are highly educated, pensive, and artistic--become entangled with the Wilcox family--practical, unilateral capitalists--and the Basts--working class and unassuming. However, the initially subtle differences between the sisters (and how they approach love, misfortune, and personal relations) become more obvious as the novel progresses, climaxing in a scandalous ending that was unexpected from a high-brow English novel. (I think some of the 1 and 2 start reviewers never actually read the novel to its dramatic end) Human nature notwithstanding, the novel's refinement, gorgeous writing, and riveting story-telling prevail to the end. I loved it! 
 The narrator of Joe Perrotta's novel "Joe College" is Danny, an English major at Yale. Stuck with the peculiarities of his roommates, and with a horrendous crush on a fellow student named Polly, Danny struggles to complete his junior year. While home in New Jersey on a summer break, Danny drives his father's lunch wagon "The Roach Coach." And this is how he meets Cindy, a pleasant, chatty secretary. Danny compares her to the girls on the Yale campus, and the comparison is not flattering to Cindy. He's faintly embarrassed by her, and while she's ok to date when he's home in New Jersey, he's ashamed of the relationship when he returns to Yale.The narrator of Joe Perrotta's novel "Joe College" is Danny, an English major at Yale. Stuck with the peculiarities of his roommates, and with a horrendous crush on a fellow student named Polly, Danny struggles to complete his junior year. While home in New Jersey on a summer break, Danny drives his father's lunch wagon "The Roach Coach." And this is how he meets Cindy, a pleasant, chatty secretary. Danny compares her to the girls on the Yale campus, and the comparison is not flattering to Cindy. He's faintly embarrassed by her, and while she's ok to date when he's home in New Jersey, he's ashamed of the relationship when he returns to Yale.Once again, Perrotta presents the theme of escape from New Jersey, and in the novel, Danny's escape is temporarily through Yale, but ultimately through education. Cindy represents everything Danny is trying to escape--a lifetime driving the Roach Coach, and Danny knows far too many people who made huge mistakes and ended up trapped forever in New Jersey. Once again, Perrotta presents the theme of escape from New Jersey, and in the novel, Danny's escape is temporarily through Yale, but ultimately through education. Cindy represents everything Danny is trying to escape--a lifetime driving the Roach Coach, and Danny knows far too many people who made huge mistakes and ended up trapped forever in New Jersey. Class is another theme in the novel--during the school year, Danny works in a cafeteria. The employees and the Townies are all too well aware that their lives are mapped out--whereas the Yale students seem to have vast, limitless opportunities. While Danny's background is humble, and his parents have made tremendous sacrifices to send him to Yale, he rubs shoulders with peers who come from incredibly wealthy homes. To them, Yale doesn't quite hold the desperate stakes that face Danny. When it comes to making some rather questionable moral choices, Danny nakedly examines his motives, and simply shrugs. While this does not make Danny a heroic narrator, it certainly makes him very real and very human. As a Perrotta fan, I hope that the author rediscovers Danny in another novel. In "Joe College" Danny's moral fibre is still quite plastic, and he may prove to be fascinating in middle age--displacedhuma
 THE BAND: James Hetfield (lead vocals, guitar), Kirk Hammett (guitars), Lars Ulrich (drums & percussion), and new member Jason Newsted (bass) formerly of Flotsam And Jetsam (replacing Cliff Burton, R.I.P.). THE BAND: James Hetfield (lead vocals, guitar), Kirk Hammett (guitars), Lars Ulrich (drums & percussion), and new member Jason Newsted (bass) formerly of Flotsam And Jetsam (replacing Cliff Burton, R.I.P.). THE DISC: (1988) 9 tracks clocking in at approximately 65 minutes. Included with the disc is a 10-page booklet containing song titles/credits, song lyrics, band pictures, one 'gavel' drawing containing  band member faces, and thank you's. This is Metallica's 4th studio album. All songs written by Hetfield, Hammett, Ulrich and/or Newsted. Recorded at One On One Studios, Los Angeles, CA. This would be Flemming Rasmussen's last album produced with the band (Bob Rock would follow). The Japanese (import) version contains a bonus track - a Diamond Head cover, "The Prince". Label - Elektra.THE DISC: (1988) 9 tracks clocking in at approximately 65 minutes. Included with the disc is a 10-page booklet containing song titles/credits, song lyrics, band pictures, one 'gavel' drawing containing  band member faces, and thank you's. This is Metallica's 4th studio album. All songs written by Hetfield, Hammett, Ulrich and/or Newsted. Recorded at One On One Studios, Los Angeles, CA. This would be Flemming Rasmussen's last album produced with the band (Bob Rock would follow). The Japanese (import) version contains a bonus track - a Diamond Head cover, "The Prince". Label - Elektra.COMMENTS: "...And Justice For All" was the last classic Metallica album of the 80's. It was also their final attempt at thrash metal (once the 90's rolled around and producer Bob Rock entered the picture, the band took a more "mainstream" metal approach). The majority of songs are long with complex riffs... borderline progressive. Let me first say that for years, this disc sat on my shelf. I thought it was over-produced; I didn't like Ulrich's snare drum (sounded cheap and tinny) or his double bass (sounded shallow and metallic - partly due to a coin taped to the drum skin where the foot pedal hit); Newsted's bass was nonexistent (the standard explanation for this combines Newsted's absence from the mixing sessions where he could have voiced his opinion, and the lingering issue of his "newness" within the band following the death of Burton); there were three songs that I just could not get into ("Eye Of The Beholder", "The Shortest Straw" and lightning fast "Dyers Eve"); and the articles I read about the 3 original band members hazing and not accepting newcomer Newsted was infuriating... call if fun, call it pranks, call it cruel - Newsted simply did not deserve this kind of treatment. Newsted (or anyone else who took the job) had two choices - put up with the crap or leave. From the outside looking in, Burton's loss was tragic, but the way Hetfield/Ulrich/Hammett handled the situation afterwards seemed uncalled for. As far as "...And Justice For All" is concerned though, it's taken a decade to grow on me and finally realize there are some brilliant songs here. In my opinion, "One" is one of Metallica's finest songs in their entire catalog. "One" has an awesome slow beginning, tells a great story of an injured soldier, and ends in fine metal thrash form (not to mention one of the more memorable MTV videos)... all in all featuring great guitar work (intro, rhythm and solos). "Blackened" is an underrated gem of an opener. "To Live Is To Die" is the other masterpiece (almost 10 minutes long) - riffs and spoken words written by Cliff Burton (his last written testament) - this song has great riffs and 7 minutes of jamming before any vocals... reminiscent of something taken right off "Master Of Puppets". The title track also resembles something from "Puppets". "...And Justice For All" chart success - hitting #6 on Billboard's "Top 200 Albums" from 1988, as well as the song "One" hitting #35 on Billboard's Hot 100. There's good and bad here... this album is still considered a classic and essential. If not only for the songs "One", "Blackened" and "To Live Is To Die" (4 stars).
 I just finished my second reading of it.I just finished my second reading of it.I really cannot add much to the great reviews already written. I've always loved Dickens' way with words, and this book is a treasure in that department. The English, the Era, the characters, the countryside.... it got to the point where I couldn't wait for the evening to come so I could continue reading.I really cannot add much to the great reviews already written. I've always loved Dickens' way with words, and this book is a treasure in that department. The English, the Era, the characters, the countryside.... it got to the point where I couldn't wait for the evening to come so I could continue reading.This also seems to me to be an important "cornerstone book" for other great English literature. The theme (though just a seed) for  Scrooge in A Christmas Carol begins here, in a story called The Goblin Who Stole a Sexton, a story related during one of Pickwick's Christmastime visits to a friend in the country. When reading The Wind in the Willows or Tolkien's works, I cannot escape the feeling that they were also influenced by the charm, the sense of humor (okay, humour), duty to friends, and the simple but most important things in life which Dickens so impressively describes.This also seems to me to be an important "cornerstone book" for other great English literature. The theme (though just a seed) for  Scrooge in A Christmas Carol begins here, in a story called The Goblin Who Stole a Sexton, a story related during one of Pickwick's Christmastime visits to a friend in the country. When reading The Wind in the Willows or Tolkien's works, I cannot escape the feeling that they were also influenced by the charm, the sense of humor (okay, humour), duty to friends, and the simple but most important things in life which Dickens so impressively describes.The only negative thing is that I discovered that it had an effect on me which made me wish that I was free from the drudgery of daily work, was retired (with ample monetary means, of course, like Pickwick himself), and could devote the remainder of my life to similar ramblings, adventures, and pursuits.The only negative thing is that I discovered that it had an effect on me which made me wish that I was free from the drudgery of daily work, was retired (with ample monetary means, of course, like Pickwick himself), and could devote the remainder of my life to similar ramblings, adventures, and pursuits.An excellent book
 I first read this extraordinary book in 1986, just two years after it was first published.  Picking it up again, I find it eerily applicable to our current situation. There is a familiar old adage that teaches us that those who refuse to learn history are doomed to repeat it. THE MARCH OF FOLLY brings this message back to the forefront.I first read this extraordinary book in 1986, just two years after it was first published.  Picking it up again, I find it eerily applicable to our current situation. There is a familiar old adage that teaches us that those who refuse to learn history are doomed to repeat it. THE MARCH OF FOLLY brings this message back to the forefront.Barbara W. Tuchman eloquently discusses the bizarre propensity of governments throughout history to pursue policies contrary to their own interests. Mind you, this is not a pacifist book but rather one that begs governments to beware of the reckless pursuit of policy that might prove to be dangerous. And, yes, I admit right readily that hindsight is 20-20.Barbara W. Tuchman eloquently discusses the bizarre propensity of governments throughout history to pursue policies contrary to their own interests. Mind you, this is not a pacifist book but rather one that begs governments to beware of the reckless pursuit of policy that might prove to be dangerous. And, yes, I admit right readily that hindsight is 20-20.Beginning with the Trojans and their acceptance of the Trojan Horse to benighted Papal policy during the renaissance to Britain's stupidity during the American Revolution to questionable American policy during the Vietnam war, THE MARCH OF FOLLY invites the reader to consider the fact that as things change in historic chronology apparently nothing else does.Beginning with the Trojans and their acceptance of the Trojan Horse to benighted Papal policy during the renaissance to Britain's stupidity during the American Revolution to questionable American policy during the Vietnam war, THE MARCH OF FOLLY invites the reader to consider the fact that as things change in historic chronology apparently nothing else does.Given our current war policies, efforts and mistakes in Iraq, Tuchman's masterpiece is a very poignant read and we must confess, regardless of individual political leanings, that the potential for history to repeat itself yet again is considerable. Who knows, there may yet be a sequel to this one appropriately titled THE MARCH CONTINUES.Given our current war policies, efforts and mistakes in Iraq, Tuchman's masterpiece is a very poignant read and we must confess, regardless of individual political leanings, that the potential for history to repeat itself yet again is considerable. Who knows, there may yet be a sequel to this one appropriately titled THE MARCH CONTINUES.THE HORSEMA
 When my sunday school teacher gave us the challenge of reading through the Bible in a year, I thought it was going to be hard.  So I started looking for a one-year Bible.  When I came across this one I was really excited.  It is by far my favorite traslation because it is so easy to read.  I can get through the daily reading in about 15-20 minutes.  It breaks down the hard to read old testament into easy reading.  And one of the best parts is that it breaks down the reading by day, so you are not constantly going back and forth between the books.  Truely one of the best Bibles I have purchased!!!
 Many stories in this book reminds me of the famous essay &quot;Silent Spring&quot;. The writing style is extremely accessible to every body and yet delivers a significant amount of knowledge, advice, and sometimes wisdom. The author carefully explains medical terms and implications, thus easing the reader's mind without using a medical book. This book is highly recommended to anyone who has a curious mind
 Kate White introduces us to the world of tabloid reporting in a sassy titillating crime novel--Over Her Dead Body. Kate White introduces us to the world of tabloid reporting in a sassy titillating crime novel--Over Her Dead Body. I could feel the slime drip off the characters that were responsible for keeping the Buzz and its rag competitors in production. While the mention of 'current' celebrities will date this book, Kate's spellbinding storytelling definitely has staying power. staying power. Over Her Dead Body is a fast-paced novel about the murder of the Mona Hodges, Editor in Chief of the Buzz, who had a long list of hostages in her wake, each one having good reason to hate her or perhaps kill her-with a sprinkling of romance for levity. Over Her Dead Body is a fast-paced novel about the murder of the Mona Hodges, Editor in Chief of the Buzz, who had a long list of hostages in her wake, each one having good reason to hate her or perhaps kill her-with a sprinkling of romance for levity. Even though the main character, Bailey Weggins, a celebrity crime writer, gets discombobulated many times throughout the investigation, she is clever enough to pull together the pieces of the mystery to its conclusion. Even though the main character, Bailey Weggins, a celebrity crime writer, gets discombobulated many times throughout the investigation, she is clever enough to pull together the pieces of the mystery to its conclusion. Right to the end Kate White keeps the reader guessing on who did this horrible crime. Right to the end Kate White keeps the reader guessing on who did this horrible crime. I am looking forward to reading more Bailey Weggins' mysteries. Don't keep us waiting, Kate!I am looking forward to reading more Bailey Weggins' mysteries. Don't keep us waiting, Kate!Armchair Interviews says: Sounds like another good summer read.Armchair Interviews says: Sounds like another good summer read.Armchair Interviews says: Sounds like another good summer read.Armchair Interviews says: Sounds like another good summer read.Armchair Interviews says: Sounds like another good summer read.
 As a health writer, I know that pharmaceuticals can be very dangerous compounds. But for years, I overlooked the fact that drugs aren't good for pets either. Your cat can probably benefit from safer alternative  treatments. Martin Zucker has put together a wonderful book with top  veterinarians. Don't keep alternative and holistic treatments to yourself  -- share them with your pet
 I LOVED this book!  I read it in a single day.  I have read everything else of Maupin's and strongly recommend this novel, too.  This is probably my favorite book of his.I LOVED this book!  I read it in a single day.  I have read everything else of Maupin's and strongly recommend this novel, too.  This is probably my favorite book of his.The author had more lyrical descriptions in this book than I remember from his past volumes.  I found myself rereading lines and paragraphs simply for the sheer beauty of language.  The falling apart relationship between Gabriel and Jess also hit me as realistic and at times almost too painful to read.The author had more lyrical descriptions in this book than I remember from his past volumes.  I found myself rereading lines and paragraphs simply for the sheer beauty of language.  The falling apart relationship between Gabriel and Jess also hit me as realistic and at times almost too painful to read.A great book!!!
 'The Regulators' is not quite on the literary level of 'Desperation,' but that makes it more fun in a way, especially as it's less preachy.  I liked that 'The Regulators' adds a little more information about the mysterious Tak.  Here we see a more terribly playful, oddly fastidious, and possibly younger Tak who loves spaghetti, chocolate milk, westerns, and Cassie Stiles.  And while most of the characters of 'The Regulators' are flatter than those of 'Desperation,' 'The Regulators' gives us a glimpse of what some inhabitants of Desperation might have been like before Tak possessed them, particularly Audrey and Collie who were never shown "pre-Tak" in 'Desperation.
 A looming 21-year High School reunion has led me to ponder the past, especially the town I grew up in. I have been reading The Geography of Nowhere by James Howard Kuntsler, a book which explores the rise of suburbia and automobile culture in America. Kuntsler explores the effects of modernist design philosophy (Le Corbusier, Gropius, Bauhaus etc. ) . Although Kunstler's book is by no means a complete history, his insights are provocative. His basic thesis is that the rise of the automobile has led to the development of a banal and meaningless &quot;geography of nowhere&quot;. In other words, since the 1920s, Americans have pursued a single-minded vision when it comes to urban development: namely treating our built surroundings as disposable commodities to be bought and sold, with little regard to aesthetics.  Growing up in a suburb, I experienced this sort of fake-non-reality-bubble of what a city should be, or what it should do for its residents. There was always nothing to do, nowhere to go. Fortunately, in those days, creative people created their own &quot;scene&quot;, no matter how lame it was. Such a naive scene based on our libertine tastes and overbearing ignorance. Of course, conformity was the rule.  And we all nearly s--t ourselves when we got behind the wheel of our first car. It was almost like and 5-year-old's first trip to Disneyland. It was like that first sexual experience. It was an epiphany, of sorts.  Little did we realize that our addiction to auto travel would bring such a high cost to our lonely empty souls. Who ever thought that being so cheap would cost us so much? Little did we realize that our addiction to auto travel would bring such a high cost to our lonely empty souls. Who ever thought that being so cheap would cost us so much?
 Very few books can weave the historical narrative with an account of the subject as Mr.Derbyshire does it in this book.Whats more, he does total justice to the subject by making sure persons who should get their credit does atleast so. The author's canvas is huge and he almost reminded me of how much I missed undergraduate math.Very few books can weave the historical narrative with an account of the subject as Mr.Derbyshire does it in this book.Whats more, he does total justice to the subject by making sure persons who should get their credit does atleast so. The author's canvas is huge and he almost reminded me of how much I missed undergraduate math.A must read for students of algebra as this one sets a context which is far brilliant than the dry subject textbook (I myself taught a class in Algebra aat University of New Orleans
 Extremely well researched. McChesney has been a key figure in the "media debate" and he approaches the subject with knowledge and objectivity. His disciplined, almost scientific investigation is an example of non-partisan coverage of a crucial issue. If only a few politicians were as concerned with the public interest as McChesney, we would be in a better world. I am a Mexican citizen so I couldn't care less about U.S. partisan politics, and if you care about the fate of public communications, you shouldn't either. This is a problem that affects every country, not just the U.S.A., since the big telecommunication companies are broadcasting all over the World. The interest of big advertisers is being protected by U.S. policy and their marketing messages are then blasted everywhere. Even the smallest community in the South-Mexican jungles knows Ronald McDonald. CNN has Latin editions of their biased news transmitted to most Latin countries. As an outsider, I hope the U.S. citizenry will realize that this is not an issue of Democrats vs. Republicans but a World-wide issue of the individual vs. the big corporations. In reality they don't care about your political affiliations, as long as you saturate your credit cards to buy their heavily advertised products, you can debate each other to death
 Woodward and Bernstein, famous reporters for the Washington Post during the Watergate scandal, chronicle their experience investigating and exposing the deceptive actions of President Nixon and his cronies during Watergate.  This book takes the reader through Woodward and Bernstein's efforts at uncovering the truth, internal dilemmas about the information they were uncovering, and covert meetings with confidential sources.  They tell a tale of mystery and intrigue that stands up to some of the world's best fiction except that this story actually happened and signaled the end of an era where the US Presidency was respected above all else.Woodward and Bernstein, famous reporters for the Washington Post during the Watergate scandal, chronicle their experience investigating and exposing the deceptive actions of President Nixon and his cronies during Watergate.  This book takes the reader through Woodward and Bernstein's efforts at uncovering the truth, internal dilemmas about the information they were uncovering, and covert meetings with confidential sources.  They tell a tale of mystery and intrigue that stands up to some of the world's best fiction except that this story actually happened and signaled the end of an era where the US Presidency was respected above all else.This book is a fascinating look at how investigative journalism once was.  Instead of printing first and asking questions later, Woodward and Bernstein, along with their editors, took painstaking efforts at checking, double checking, and even triple checking their sources and information before putting something derogatory in print.  It seems a sharp contrast to journalism today that appears to be publish now, ask questions later, and file a retraction in small print even later.  This book also tells the tale of two very opposite reporters and how they pulled together to write about the crime spree of the century and topple a corrupt Presidency.  It gets better with each reading
 A lot of the reviews I have read here, both positive and negative, have noted Smith's acerbic and sometimes hostile tone. In my own discussions on god, particularly when engaging Christians, I probably would not use SOME of the more harsh language found in the book. It tends to be devisive and unproductive, and also reinforcing many of the deragatory stereotypes that are applied to Atheists.A lot of the reviews I have read here, both positive and negative, have noted Smith's acerbic and sometimes hostile tone. In my own discussions on god, particularly when engaging Christians, I probably would not use SOME of the more harsh language found in the book. It tends to be devisive and unproductive, and also reinforcing many of the deragatory stereotypes that are applied to Atheists.That does not mean that any of Smith's arguments are not legitimate or powerful. They should be confronted by ANYONE who takes any position regarding religion or god.That does not mean that any of Smith's arguments are not legitimate or powerful. They should be confronted by ANYONE who takes any position regarding religion or god.Perhaps the most revealing and important passage of the work comes at the beginning of the Chapter discussing the purported "proofs" for the existence of good posited by Christian Thealogians and laymen. Perhaps the most revealing and important passage of the work comes at the beginning of the Chapter discussing the purported "proofs" for the existence of good posited by Christian Thealogians and laymen. Smith explains that "Many times in the past, before knowing better, I would engage in arguments with theists who claimed to have a rational foundation for their belief. After several painstaking hours of pointing out flaws in the proposed arguments, I would receive some form of the following comment: 'well, it really doesn't matter if these proofs are invalid, because I have faith in the exstence of god anyway.'The Theist who resorts to this approach has no claim to rationality- only lack of integrity." Smith's frustration throughout the text at this type of intrangisence is palpable and, ultimately, entirely understandable.The Theist who resorts to this approach has no claim to rationality- only lack of integrity." Smith's frustration throughout the text at this type of intrangisence is palpable and, ultimately, entirely understandable.Some of the reviews on this page are illustrative of the general resentment which most Christians seemed to hold for the methods by which human beings acquire knowledge and distinguish truth from falsehood. As an outspoken Atheist, I have heard these types of decrees repeated to me ad nauseum- and they never stop being disturbing. "Lean not on your own understanding," I have been told again and again. "Trust in the lord and stop using all this silly logic," or "god wants us to believe like children," they will say.Some of the reviews on this page are illustrative of the general resentment which most Christians seemed to hold for the methods by which human beings acquire knowledge and distinguish truth from falsehood. As an outspoken Atheist, I have heard these types of decrees repeated to me ad nauseum- and they never stop being disturbing. "Lean not on your own understanding," I have been told again and again. "Trust in the lord and stop using all this silly logic," or "god wants us to believe like children," they will say.All I hear is: "I am happy being ignorant. You will be happy in this delusional fantasy land I live in, too. I know god is not just an inadequate answer to these questions, but no answer at all. Things don't need answers, or explanations, or anything. Everything is ok because I have faith in god."All I hear is: "I am happy being ignorant. You will be happy in this delusional fantasy land I live in, too. I know god is not just an inadequate answer to these questions, but no answer at all. Things don't need answers, or explanations, or anything. Everything is ok because I have faith in god."Hence, I sympathize with Smith's frustration. I urge all Atheists to read this book, which reads more or less like a conversation between an atheist and an extremely intellectual and sophisticad christian who spews (practically)every argument ever conjured to be a believer or to be a Christian, and has them overwhelmingly refuted. Smith understands the obstanince that Atheists will inevitably encounter when Christians (particularly unsophisticated Christians) are challenged. This is probably the reason why some of his repudiations seem unnecessarily expatiated. Any atheist who has offered apologetics in defense of atheism knows that trying to engage a christian is like playing Whack-a-mole, as soon as one battle is definitvely won the Christian will retreat into a sheild of ignorance. This act, Smith accurately points out, will usually involve the word "faith" being substituted for, but meaning the exact same thing as, "ignorance." I assume this is why SMith so meticulously tears apart the idea of something that human beings call "faith" being an effective(or even theoretically plausible) conduit to fundamental truth. He also points out the common ways that Christians like William Lane Craig and J.P. Moreland use mangled science or language to misrepresent the issues at hand.Hence, I sympathize with Smith's frustration. I urge all Atheists to read this book, which reads more or less like a conversation between an atheist and an extremely intellectual and sophisticad christian who spews (practically)every argument ever conjured to be a believer or to be a Christian, and has them overwhelmingly refuted. Smith understands the obstanince that Atheists will inevitably encounter when Christians (particularly unsophisticated Christians) are challenged. This is probably the reason why some of his repudiations seem unnecessarily expatiated. Any atheist who has offered apologetics in defense of atheism knows that trying to engage a christian is like playing Whack-a-mole, as soon as one battle is definitvely won the Christian will retreat into a sheild of ignorance. This act, Smith accurately points out, will usually involve the word "faith" being substituted for, but meaning the exact same thing as, "ignorance." I assume this is why SMith so meticulously tears apart the idea of something that human beings call "faith" being an effective(or even theoretically plausible) conduit to fundamental truth. He also points out the common ways that Christians like William Lane Craig and J.P. Moreland use mangled science or language to misrepresent the issues at hand.As a small example of this that I found interesting, in "Does God Exist?," J.P. Moreland states that he believes that people can actually perceive god through something he calls "Numinous Perception." Moreland does not give an explanation of how an outside observer could ever deiscern whether someone was having a genuine "Numinous perceptive" experience, or how exactly numinous perception would actually work physiologically or psychologically. Conveniently, this would rule out any chance of Moreland's hypothesis ever being tested and shown to be accurate or inaccurate. When someone hears an argument like this, one can easily turn to Smith for excellent articulation of why they are absurd and illegitimate. As a small example of this that I found interesting, in "Does God Exist?," J.P. Moreland states that he believes that people can actually perceive god through something he calls "Numinous Perception." Moreland does not give an explanation of how an outside observer could ever deiscern whether someone was having a genuine "Numinous perceptive" experience, or how exactly numinous perception would actually work physiologically or psychologically. Conveniently, this would rule out any chance of Moreland's hypothesis ever being tested and shown to be accurate or inaccurate. When someone hears an argument like this, one can easily turn to Smith for excellent articulation of why they are absurd and illegitimate. Smith writes: " My argument with the Christian is that he claims to have experienced god, but he refuses to explain the process by which he, a physical organism, experienced this supernatural being. I won't limit him arbitrarily to the traditional five senses, but I will demand that he present evidence for his new perceptual powers. Has he discovered a new sense? Fine, then let him tell us about it so we can test it. No christian has ever succeeded in explaining just how he perceives his mysterious god. He claims to have knowledge of a mysterious, unknowable being, having gained this knowledge in some mysterious unknowable manner. This is totally unacceptable."Smith writes: " My argument with the Christian is that he claims to have experienced god, but he refuses to explain the process by which he, a physical organism, experienced this supernatural being. I won't limit him arbitrarily to the traditional five senses, but I will demand that he present evidence for his new perceptual powers. Has he discovered a new sense? Fine, then let him tell us about it so we can test it. No christian has ever succeeded in explaining just how he perceives his mysterious god. He claims to have knowledge of a mysterious, unknowable being, having gained this knowledge in some mysterious unknowable manner. This is totally unacceptable."Moreland's clever creation of a scientific sounding title for perception of god does not help him.Moreland's clever creation of a scientific sounding title for perception of god does not help him.This book will help atheists with this type of argumentation through just about any thread of thought a theological argument can get into.This book will help atheists with this type of argumentation through just about any thread of thought a theological argument can get into.Yes, the rhetoric 30 years later SOUNDS more sophisticated (with other clever titles like "intelligent design theory"), but it is not ACTUALLY more compelling or sophisticated than when Aquinas wrote his five proofs or Russell challenged Copelston. I reccomend this book and I can't wait to read "Why Atheism?"Yes, the rhetoric 30 years later SOUNDS more sophisticated (with other clever titles like "intelligent design theory"), but it is not ACTUALLY more compelling or sophisticated than when Aquinas wrote his five proofs or Russell challenged Copelston. I reccomend this book and I can't wait to read "Why Atheism?"(Just as a curious note, does anyone know if SMith actually debated people in public? If anyone knows of any transcriptions id love to read some, please let me know if you do. Clark00018@aol.com )
 Golding is a deeply symbolic novelist who relies, especially in this novel and in The Inheritors (1955), on ideas from the viewpoint of evolutionary biology and anthropology.  The central symbol of The Lord of the Flies is that of a pig's head upon a stick stuck in the ground, a totem in the making perhaps, but seen by Golding as Beelzebub, the "lord of the flies," the devil, a head of rotting flesh enveloped by flies.Golding is a deeply symbolic novelist who relies, especially in this novel and in The Inheritors (1955), on ideas from the viewpoint of evolutionary biology and anthropology.  The central symbol of The Lord of the Flies is that of a pig's head upon a stick stuck in the ground, a totem in the making perhaps, but seen by Golding as Beelzebub, the "lord of the flies," the devil, a head of rotting flesh enveloped by flies.The central idea is that without civilization we will degenerate into predatory animals ruled by superstition, the will to power, and the primordial need to survive.  When Piggy's glasses, which symbolize the tools and knowledge of our culture are broken, it signals the degeneration, the return to the wild in which, as Thomas Hobbes has it, there are "No arts; no letters; no society; and which is worst of all, continual fear and danger of violent death; and the life of man, solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short."The central idea is that without civilization we will degenerate into predatory animals ruled by superstition, the will to power, and the primordial need to survive.  When Piggy's glasses, which symbolize the tools and knowledge of our culture are broken, it signals the degeneration, the return to the wild in which, as Thomas Hobbes has it, there are "No arts; no letters; no society; and which is worst of all, continual fear and danger of violent death; and the life of man, solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short."That a group of English school boys could degenerate so quickly after crash-landing on a deserted island may be seen as a bit fanciful, or more exactly, as the artifice of the artist; nonetheless, the premise of this extraordinary work may well serve as a cautionary note for our times.  Should we, through nuclear warfare, a runaway greenhouse effect, sectarian violence on a global scale, or through the exhaustion of the fossil fuels that power our civilization, regress to the state of savages, we have this warning.That a group of English school boys could degenerate so quickly after crash-landing on a deserted island may be seen as a bit fanciful, or more exactly, as the artifice of the artist; nonetheless, the premise of this extraordinary work may well serve as a cautionary note for our times.  Should we, through nuclear warfare, a runaway greenhouse effect, sectarian violence on a global scale, or through the exhaustion of the fossil fuels that power our civilization, regress to the state of savages, we have this warning.Instead of the noble savage, instead of a return to the Garden of Eden, instead of the Swiss Family Robinson or Robinson Crusoe, Golding takes us step by step from the world of the boy's school to life and death power struggles and a fascination with savagery to the beginnings of tribal warfare.  As in The Inheritors, Golding sees not the good in humans, but the viciousness.  In The Inheritors we homo sapiens murdered the gentle Neanderthal, here we children become gangsters of the island, on our way to becoming tribal chieftains as murderous and vengeful as the God of the Old Testament.  I understand that Golding wrote the novel in part to answer the pollyannaish naivete of R.M. Ballantyne's The Coral Island (1857), which I haven't read.Instead of the noble savage, instead of a return to the Garden of Eden, instead of the Swiss Family Robinson or Robinson Crusoe, Golding takes us step by step from the world of the boy's school to life and death power struggles and a fascination with savagery to the beginnings of tribal warfare.  As in The Inheritors, Golding sees not the good in humans, but the viciousness.  In The Inheritors we homo sapiens murdered the gentle Neanderthal, here we children become gangsters of the island, on our way to becoming tribal chieftains as murderous and vengeful as the God of the Old Testament.  I understand that Golding wrote the novel in part to answer the pollyannaish naivete of R.M. Ballantyne's The Coral Island (1857), which I haven't read.Clearly cruelty is one of Golding's main themes.  Left to their own devices and without the restraint of civilization's justice, humans will be cruel sometimes just to be cruel and sometimes as a means of gaining power.  The boys Ralph and Piggy naively try to set up a democratic sort of government, but are defeated by the brutality of Jack and his will to savagery.Clearly cruelty is one of Golding's main themes.  Left to their own devices and without the restraint of civilization's justice, humans will be cruel sometimes just to be cruel and sometimes as a means of gaining power.  The boys Ralph and Piggy naively try to set up a democratic sort of government, but are defeated by the brutality of Jack and his will to savagery.The loss of innocence that the boys experience is seen as not the loss of something they intrinsically had, but of something superimposed upon them by civilization.  In reality, Golding is saying, there is no innocence in children, that is only a fairy tale idea to which we romantically subscribe.The loss of innocence that the boys experience is seen as not the loss of something they intrinsically had, but of something superimposed upon them by civilization.  In reality, Golding is saying, there is no innocence in children, that is only a fairy tale idea to which we romantically subscribe.This is one of those novels that has found its way onto the high school or even the middle school curriculum because it is easy to read and because it is easy for young people to relate to.  But the strength of this novel lies not only in its theme and readability but in the fine characterizations of the individual boys.  As in all great works of literature, it is the combination of character and story that compels us to turn the pages, and invites our admiration.This is one of those novels that has found its way onto the high school or even the middle school curriculum because it is easy to read and because it is easy for young people to relate to.  But the strength of this novel lies not only in its theme and readability but in the fine characterizations of the individual boys.  As in all great works of literature, it is the combination of character and story that compels us to turn the pages, and invites our admiration.It should be noted that Golding deliberately left out one of the central drives of humans, probably because he did not want to muddy up his theme of savagery, or perhaps because he felt the task too great or perhaps because he didn't find the task palatable.  I am referring to the lack of sexuality in the novel.  Not only are there no girls on the island, but the boys do not, at least overtly, involve themselves in sex.  We can see that Golding's artistry anticipated this criticism since it can be argued that the boys in this situation and at their tender age are not yet ready to express themselves sexually.  I wonder if postmodern psychology would agree.  Certainly Freud would not.It should be noted that Golding deliberately left out one of the central drives of humans, probably because he did not want to muddy up his theme of savagery, or perhaps because he felt the task too great or perhaps because he didn't find the task palatable.  I am referring to the lack of sexuality in the novel.  Not only are there no girls on the island, but the boys do not, at least overtly, involve themselves in sex.  We can see that Golding's artistry anticipated this criticism since it can be argued that the boys in this situation and at their tender age are not yet ready to express themselves sexually.  I wonder if postmodern psychology would agree.  Certainly Freud would not.Bottom line: a great read, a terrific adventure, but not a book in my opinion that should be read by preteens, in other words, you need to be older than the characters in the book in order to read the book without fear of nightmares
 A lot of these reviews say that they've read this book and it's "done wonders" for them and everyone they've recommended it to.  The book itself will not do wonders unless you work on the things Gawain suggests.  It's not a miracle cure-all book - it's about giving you the motivation to do something about your life instead of sitting back and watching the trail roll out behind you.  I read this book in college when I was going through a little bit of a rough patch, figuring out what I wanted, etc.  Now that I've graduated and am slowly becoming wary of the corporate world, I need more positivity in my life so I'm re-reading it in the hopes that I can zero in on my goals and start achieving them again.  I highly recommend it to those who are open-minded enough to give it a chance
 Not only a terrific portrait of Louis B. Mayer, but a wonderful history of Hollywood movie-making.  My caveat is the portrait of Dore Schary.  While Eyman is fair in his depiction of the struggle between Mayer and Thalberg, Eyman found it necessary to choose sides in the Mayer Schary conflict in the last part of the book, possibly to "correct" the view of Mayer the Monster and Schary the savior in earlier Mayer bios.  His portrait of Schary, a man I knew, bears no resemblance to that decent, fair minded, and gifted man.  It is clear that he interviewed few surviving friends and family members of Schary.  Eyman claims that Schary had no knowledge of the making of musicals, yet Schary in his post MGM days produced a successful musical, "The Unsinkable Molly Brown."  Whatever good flims came from MGM during Schary's reign are dismissed as the work of others. He creates a portrait of Schary as a talentless hack, forgetting not only the good films Schary wrote in earlier days but the successful Broadway play he wrote about FDR, "Sunrise at Campabello."  He writes that Schary only spoke of himself in retirement.  I knew few older men who took such an interst in world affairs and the fortunes and misfortunes of his friends.  If he can get Schary so wrong, it forces me to question his other judgments.  Having said all that, I think this is a fine book, evoking old Hollywood with grace and style.   
 If you are planning a trip to Italy, this is a book you should take with you
 Wow - I had to have this book. They are right, he explains everything wrong with Oracle and all about vulnerabilities and exploits.
 as soon as people see breton's name on a book, they immediately feel indignation and privately exclaim, &quot;the dictator of surrealism!&quot; what they don't seem to realize is that, despite being a flawed and somewhat ambivalent man, he probably had more passion in his pinky than they do in their entire body. &quot;nadja&quot; is simply one more delightful proof of breton's genius and his infallible flair for the surreal, the mysterious, the mystical, and everything that is profoundly divergent. in this tale of intrigue and obsession he travels the streets of paris with a ghostly, clearly insane young woman who calls herself nadja, which is the russian word for hope.  the most captivating parts of the novel are the bizarre and surreal conversations he has with her. even though he found her incredibly fascinating and almost an ethereal enigma, things start to turn sour between them and breton grows bored with her.  at the end of the novel, nadja is put into an asylum after the police are called because of her incessant screaming and apparently incoherent behavior, some of which suggested that she was living in a world of hallucinations and irrational fears.  we do know that nadja was a real woman and not by means some fictitious creation of breton's, and we also know that she came to a somewhat unfortunate end. it may be true that breton's behavior and attitude of indifference and deliberate ignorance about her truly wretched fate (she died of cancer, insane and completely alone) is indeed nothing to admire, but those who put too much emphasis on this admittedly accurate fact forget that while he may in a sense have betrayed her, he also made a truly admirable effort to make the world see nadja and those like her as no one has seen them before, and immortalized her in a book that is absolutely unforgettable and breathtakingly beautiful. breton was a profoundly hopeful and truly revolutionary figure who exhorted humanity, even while the second world war raged and reaped it's devastating results universally on all of mankind, to recognize the miraculous and wondrous nature of our very existence, however 'absurd' or meaningless some felt it to be after the horrendous events of the twentieth century. it is true that he occasionally goes over the top with his optimism, but his iron will and determination to fight 'miserabilism', the philosophical justification of human misery, at all costs can only call forth our admiration. his exaltation of the imagination as the highest of human faculties and the sole organ of man that will allow him to attain felicity seems to be verified by direct, concrete experience of life.  as we grow older and we come to realize that sensual pleasure is a big part of life but essentially empty and hollow, our inner lives (hopefully) become more vivid and we end up spending more and more time there. breton knows this and wants us to cultivate it to the highest degree possible. don't be fooled by the 'anti breton' rhetoric and take a dismissive attitude toward him, because you'll be missing out on some of the most fascinating books (to my mind) ever written
 This is one of the most insightful books I've ever come across.  The author is simply a genious.  Embracing the principles of this book may be the difference between developing a successful business or not
 I realize that this is the only book currently on the market for the 993, aside from spending a small fortune on the actual shop manuals (on CD's), but after receiving the book and spending several nights giving it a good read, I have come to the conclusion that someone will be hard pressed to put together anything so accurate and complete.  This is a must for any 993 owner!
 Mr Hargrave's book contains practical guidance to developing a sound, realistic and executable strategic business plan. Drawing from his wealth of business experience from working &amp; leading various corporations and running his own consultancy practice, the book provides a detailed framework from which managers can follow to draw up their own plans. On top of that, explainations are given throughout the book on why certains steps are needful while others are superfluous, what key issues to consider and what pitfalls to avoid in formulating the plan. Three words that describe the content of the book will have to be: impactful, illuminating and practical. A must-read for managers and aspiring MBAs in strategic management. A second edition to bring in the role of IT in strategic planning would be great
 We're all getting old and fat! This book just makes you feel less alone about the ordeal
 I always need tissues when I read this book!  It has helped so much!  I teach preschool and one of my students lost his dog.  I gave him this book and Dog Heaven.  His parents said how much both books helped.  It is just so hard for children to understand death.  I think this book goes a long way in validating a child's feelings.  So often children don't know what to feel, they know grief, but there is so much more than that.  It truly helps when children know it's ok to be confused, hurt, and just upset.  I HIGHLY recommend this book
 If you don't know what you are doing then you need to get this book.  If you think you know what you are doing, then you definitely need this book because you probably have no clue.  Contrary to what one reviewer states, this text does provide a good balance between application and theoretical example.  I use this book all of the time as a graduate student.  It is a wonderful reference.  If you are studying econometrics, then this is the first book you should buy. 
 This book offers such a fabulous collection of ideas.  The information and ideas one can gather from these pages is both a great way to trace the roots of feminism as well as to decide where we go from here.  Each section and piece has introductory information giving a setting of time, place and situation before the writers present their views.  There are so many ideas, ideals and beliefs that while not always agreeable or congruent, can be applied to today's feminist movement.  There is virtually nothing in the book that isn't valuable as either an example of progress or the seed of a new branch for the feminist tree.Each section and piece has introductory information giving a setting of time, place and situation before the writers present their views.  There are so many ideas, ideals and beliefs that while not always agreeable or congruent, can be applied to today's feminist movement.  There is virtually nothing in the book that isn't valuable as either an example of progress or the seed of a new branch for the feminist tree.To understand the position in which women today navigate life, this book is essential reading.  Interesting, entertaining and informative, it ought to be required readin
 The story of Anne continues with this work and the author stays true to her style, story line and character developement.  This, like the other books in this series, have a rather timeless nature about them and a comforting charm.  The reader, of course, must remember the time they were written and the style and syntax used at that time.  From my own point of view, this is great.  I enjoy this type of writing and certainly enjoy Ms. Montgomery's story telling abilities.  In this work, Anne goes off to Redman College and her adventure continues.  Recommend these books for readers of all ages.  Wish there were more works out there like it.
 NICHOLAS NICKLEBY is a significant Dickens in the uncannily absorbing way the narrative diversifies to various literary discourses. The protagonist's experiences and encounters in adverse milieu through life not only embody melodrama, comic relief, political satire, class comedy, social criticism, and domestic farce, they allow Dickens the opportunity to portray, to the minutest nuance, an extraordinary cast of rogues and eccentrics. The main frame of NICHOLAS NICKLEBY is a quintessential Dickens: a generic, virtuous man who concerns with the affair of establishing his identity as a gentleman and the pruning of whom entwines him in a checkered fate. Nicholas Nickleby has committed no fault and offenses, and yet he is to be entirely alone in the world, to be separated from the people he loves, and to be proscribed like a criminal. The more unbearable the ordeals and the more injudicious the deal of the hand from life, the more profusely the novel accentuates Dickens' outrage at the cruelty and social injustice.NICHOLAS NICKLEBY is a significant Dickens in the uncannily absorbing way the narrative diversifies to various literary discourses. The protagonist's experiences and encounters in adverse milieu through life not only embody melodrama, comic relief, political satire, class comedy, social criticism, and domestic farce, they allow Dickens the opportunity to portray, to the minutest nuance, an extraordinary cast of rogues and eccentrics. The main frame of NICHOLAS NICKLEBY is a quintessential Dickens: a generic, virtuous man who concerns with the affair of establishing his identity as a gentleman and the pruning of whom entwines him in a checkered fate. Nicholas Nickleby has committed no fault and offenses, and yet he is to be entirely alone in the world, to be separated from the people he loves, and to be proscribed like a criminal. The more unbearable the ordeals and the more injudicious the deal of the hand from life, the more profusely the novel accentuates Dickens' outrage at the cruelty and social injustice.When Nicholas Nickleby is left exiguous after his father's death, he turns to his hard-hearted uncle to solicit succor. But Ralph Nickleby, a most unscrupulous and avarious man he is, demonstrates that he is proof against all appeals of blood and kindred, and is steeled against every tale of distress and sorrows. The man will never fail to exert any resolution or cunning that will promise increase of money for there is scarcely anything he will not have hazarded to gratify his greed. It's not that he is unconscious of the baseness of the means with which he acquires his gains. He cares only for gratification of his passions of avarice and hatred. He might have from the beginning conceived dislike to his nephew whom he brazenly places in Squeers' Dotheboys Hall, a school for unwanted boys, as an assistant master. When Nicholas Nickleby is left exiguous after his father's death, he turns to his hard-hearted uncle to solicit succor. But Ralph Nickleby, a most unscrupulous and avarious man he is, demonstrates that he is proof against all appeals of blood and kindred, and is steeled against every tale of distress and sorrows. The man will never fail to exert any resolution or cunning that will promise increase of money for there is scarcely anything he will not have hazarded to gratify his greed. It's not that he is unconscious of the baseness of the means with which he acquires his gains. He cares only for gratification of his passions of avarice and hatred. He might have from the beginning conceived dislike to his nephew whom he brazenly places in Squeers' Dotheboys Hall, a school for unwanted boys, as an assistant master. The cruelty of Squeers, who's coarse and ruffian behavior even at his best temper, Nicholas has been an unwilling witness. The filthy condition of the school and the bodily distortion of the boys impart in him a dismal feeling. The thought of being a helper and abettor of such squalid practice fills his with honest disgust and indignation. The cruelties descend upon helpless infancy fuel this rightful indignation in Nicholas, who interferes with the schoolmaster's flogging a boy named Smike and astonishes everyone in school.The cruelty of Squeers, who's coarse and ruffian behavior even at his best temper, Nicholas has been an unwilling witness. The filthy condition of the school and the bodily distortion of the boys impart in him a dismal feeling. The thought of being a helper and abettor of such squalid practice fills his with honest disgust and indignation. The cruelties descend upon helpless infancy fuel this rightful indignation in Nicholas, who interferes with the schoolmaster's flogging a boy named Smike and astonishes everyone in school.Not only does Ralph persuade Nicholas' family to renounce him for the atrocities to Squeers of which he is guilty, he also betrays his niece Kate into the company of some libertine men who are clients of his and who speak of her in a most casual, lecherous, ribald and vulgar terms. She is roused beyond all endurance by a profusion of compliments of which coarseness becomes humor and of which vulgarity softens down to the most charming eccentricity. The mutual hatred between uncle and nephew aggravates as Nicholas overhears conversations about his sister. The hidden feud further percolates to the surface and leads to a pitch to its malignity as he tries to rescue a girl from a marriage to which she has been impelled. Not only does Ralph persuade Nicholas' family to renounce him for the atrocities to Squeers of which he is guilty, he also betrays his niece Kate into the company of some libertine men who are clients of his and who speak of her in a most casual, lecherous, ribald and vulgar terms. She is roused beyond all endurance by a profusion of compliments of which coarseness becomes humor and of which vulgarity softens down to the most charming eccentricity. The mutual hatred between uncle and nephew aggravates as Nicholas overhears conversations about his sister. The hidden feud further percolates to the surface and leads to a pitch to its malignity as he tries to rescue a girl from a marriage to which she has been impelled. As the uncle insidiously hatches a scheme to retaliate against his nephew who has in every step of the way interceded and thwarted his plans for mercenary gains, Nicholas entwines with a cast of characters who are humorous, memorable, and true to life. Peripheral to his molding to become a gentleman are episodes of political satire, theatrical success, courtship, family farce, and chicanery. The most significant character is no doubt Smike, whom Nicholas saves from the hellish grip of the schoolmaster and has become his best friend. Nicholas' unfailing love and protectiveness toward the boy accentuates his being the novel's hero, whose domestic virtues, affections, compassion, and delicacy of feelings qualifies him to his later fortune and does him justice.As the uncle insidiously hatches a scheme to retaliate against his nephew who has in every step of the way interceded and thwarted his plans for mercenary gains, Nicholas entwines with a cast of characters who are humorous, memorable, and true to life. Peripheral to his molding to become a gentleman are episodes of political satire, theatrical success, courtship, family farce, and chicanery. The most significant character is no doubt Smike, whom Nicholas saves from the hellish grip of the schoolmaster and has become his best friend. Nicholas' unfailing love and protectiveness toward the boy accentuates his being the novel's hero, whose domestic virtues, affections, compassion, and delicacy of feelings qualifies him to his later fortune and does him justice.NICHOLAS NICKLEBY is a flamboyantly exuberant work in which Dickens wreaks the tension of his social satire to a pitch. Details on the Yorkshire school offer such magnifying vision of the cruelty, filthiness, and despotism in the boarding schools. Nor does he spare the rogues and the greedy, whose squeamishness he sarcastically embellishes as a common honesty and whose pride as self-respect. NICHOLAS NICKLEBY also evokes the subtle problem of human nature in establishing boundary of one's remorse. Although Ralph might feel no remorse in his betraying his niece to the temptation of his libertine clients, he hates them for doing what he has expected them to do. NICHOLAS NICKLEBY is a flamboyantly exuberant work in which Dickens wreaks the tension of his social satire to a pitch. Details on the Yorkshire school offer such magnifying vision of the cruelty, filthiness, and despotism in the boarding schools. Nor does he spare the rogues and the greedy, whose squeamishness he sarcastically embellishes as a common honesty and whose pride as self-respect. NICHOLAS NICKLEBY also evokes the subtle problem of human nature in establishing boundary of one's remorse. Although Ralph might feel no remorse in his betraying his niece to the temptation of his libertine clients, he hates them for doing what he has expected them to do. In a sense, Nicholas is seen as the unswerving force that is determined to right the wrong of the society. He tries to appeal to the compassion and humanity of those who have gone astray and to lead them to consider the innocent and the helpless. Nicholas might embody energy for radicalism and ambition to challenge social injustice; his ultimate goal is the recovery of his ancestral position in the social hierarchy. But in the effort to undertake the good deeds, he is influenced by no selfish or personal consideration but by pity for the people he helps and detestation and abhorrence of the heartless schemes.  In the same way he is determined to appeal to his uncle's humanity and not to wreak revenge on him. But Ralph's hatred for his nephew has been fed upon his own defeat, nourished on his interference with all his schemes. In a sense, Nicholas is seen as the unswerving force that is determined to right the wrong of the society. He tries to appeal to the compassion and humanity of those who have gone astray and to lead them to consider the innocent and the helpless. Nicholas might embody energy for radicalism and ambition to challenge social injustice; his ultimate goal is the recovery of his ancestral position in the social hierarchy. But in the effort to undertake the good deeds, he is influenced by no selfish or personal consideration but by pity for the people he helps and detestation and abhorrence of the heartless schemes.  In the same way he is determined to appeal to his uncle's humanity and not to wreak revenge on him. But Ralph's hatred for his nephew has been fed upon his own defeat, nourished on his interference with all his schemes. NICHOLAS NICKLEBY is a sober social commentary woven with social and domestic issues. Woven in one man's aspiration to restore family's ancestral dignity is Dickens' own musing, monologues, teachings on the soul, the life, and the moral. The discourse at times assumes a voice of despondency, sobriety and indignation.
 This book is highly informative, updated to include everything up to around Hero's Trial (New Jedi Order), which makes it a must even if you already have the more presentable Star Wars Encyclopedia.  While the Encyclopedia has more interesting and fact filled entrys, it's also hideousely out of date, a problem that this one would easily correct!  I read it cover to cover in a few days, and was quite impressed with how much research went into it, and how few errors were made.  Even so, I have to say I'd recommend this book mainly to fans experienced with EU stuff, lest they quickly become lost and overwhelmed
 This book has everything from the SSD Executor,to the ISD Avenger,to the Emperor's resurrection.This book is the one you need if you are looking for information on people,planets,starships,fighters,space colonies,EVERYTHING!!!This book is da bomb wit a capital b
 Peter Mayle's breakthrough book remains the classic Mediterranean travel narrative. An elegant and witty writer, Mayle set the standard for travel writers of the 1990s, and he's difficult to equal to the present day. Reading and re-reading "A Year in Provence" is like coming home again and again to a faithful friend. Peter Mayle's breakthrough book remains the classic Mediterranean travel narrative. An elegant and witty writer, Mayle set the standard for travel writers of the 1990s, and he's difficult to equal to the present day. Reading and re-reading "A Year in Provence" is like coming home again and again to a faithful friend. Mayle is absolutely superb!  The next best thing to actual travel.
 This book is great for encouraging students to ask questions and infer meaning!  Try it out in the classroom
 This book provides you with numerous analytical tools that can be used to quantify the strategic decision making process. Not a real page turner but the models are useful and the case analysis provides real world examples of companies entering strategic crossroads. Overall I think it provides the reader with a pragmatic way of managing the abundance of information involved in the strategic decision making process
 The reader that keeps with this book will be rewarded. The conversations in the book are intelligent, the characters and dialogue are real, and the descriptions and settings are vivid. While the author provides a lengthy disclaimer at the end of the book explaining how the fictional university and town in the book are not based upon Yale and New Haven, it is sometimes hard to believe, especially given that the author has been a faculty member at Yale Law School for over twenty-years. This is not to say, however, that the descriptions in the book of the law school and town are inaccurate. Rather, they may provide quite an accurate description of a town torn between those affiliated with a prestigious university (Yale) and those that are not.The reader that keeps with this book will be rewarded. The conversations in the book are intelligent, the characters and dialogue are real, and the descriptions and settings are vivid. While the author provides a lengthy disclaimer at the end of the book explaining how the fictional university and town in the book are not based upon Yale and New Haven, it is sometimes hard to believe, especially given that the author has been a faculty member at Yale Law School for over twenty-years. This is not to say, however, that the descriptions in the book of the law school and town are inaccurate. Rather, they may provide quite an accurate description of a town torn between those affiliated with a prestigious university (Yale) and those that are not.In short, I enjoyed this book because it kept me guessing and the pace was just right. This is not a read-it-in-one-day thriller that Grisham might come up with. Instead, this is a much more intellectual read. What I enjoyed most about the book are its insights into life itself. Carter uses fictional characters to explore the good and bad sides to marriage and family life, careers, law, and racism in this country. If you are willing to keep reading when the story seems slow and to learn and grow with the characters (especially Talcott), believe me, this book will reward you, and you'll be glad you read it
 As a one-time practicing physicist (now just an "arm-chair physicist") and lifetime music lover, I have found this beautifully-written little book irresistible over the 17 years it has been in my library. In 1983, when the original hardcover edition came out, this book was given to me as a gift by  someone knowing my musical tastes, figuring that it would be the perfect  gift. It turned out to be, but for reasons that are largely  non-musical.As a one-time practicing physicist (now just an "arm-chair physicist") and lifetime music lover, I have found this beautifully-written little book irresistible over the 17 years it has been in my library. In 1983, when the original hardcover edition came out, this book was given to me as a gift by  someone knowing my musical tastes, figuring that it would be the perfect  gift. It turned out to be, but for reasons that are largely  non-musical.As an arm-chair scientist, I've read and enjoyed more than a  few popularizations by well-known scientists over the years. These include  Richard Feynman with his wry humor in virtually everything he wrote (I  number myself among those physicists who "cut their eye teeth" on the  Feynman Lectures in Physics), Stephen Hawking, Brian Greene, Carl Sagan,  and even Brian Swimme. (The Swimme of "A Walk Through Time" goes down  easily, and covers much of the same ground that Thomas does, but in a quite  different way; the Swimme of "The Universe is a Green Dragon" is a much  harder sell for me due to its hard-pressed attempt to oversimplify.) But  for sheer elegance and poetry and breadth of scope, and for essays that  provoke thought on the part of the reader, none can hold a candle to  Thomas.As an arm-chair scientist, I've read and enjoyed more than a  few popularizations by well-known scientists over the years. These include  Richard Feynman with his wry humor in virtually everything he wrote (I  number myself among those physicists who "cut their eye teeth" on the  Feynman Lectures in Physics), Stephen Hawking, Brian Greene, Carl Sagan,  and even Brian Swimme. (The Swimme of "A Walk Through Time" goes down  easily, and covers much of the same ground that Thomas does, but in a quite  different way; the Swimme of "The Universe is a Green Dragon" is a much  harder sell for me due to its hard-pressed attempt to oversimplify.) But  for sheer elegance and poetry and breadth of scope, and for essays that  provoke thought on the part of the reader, none can hold a candle to  Thomas.Everyone who reads this little masterpiece will have his or her  favorites. Here are a few of mine:Everyone who reads this little masterpiece will have his or her  favorites. Here are a few of mine:In "Things Unflattened by Science" (an  essay on unaddressed and/or incomplete challenges that future scientists  might well undertake), a paragraph on how biologists might endeavor to  better understand what music is, and how it affects the human condition,  starting with a rather small-scale assignment to explain the effect of  Bach's "The Art of Fugue" on the human mind.In "Things Unflattened by Science" (an  essay on unaddressed and/or incomplete challenges that future scientists  might well undertake), a paragraph on how biologists might endeavor to  better understand what music is, and how it affects the human condition,  starting with a rather small-scale assignment to explain the effect of  Bach's "The Art of Fugue" on the human mind.In "Altruism" (an essay on  the symbiotic interrelationships among species), how it is that such a  condition actually exists, and a challenge to future scientists to better  understand how our own species might become more altruistic (and adult)  than it presently is.In "Altruism" (an essay on  the symbiotic interrelationships among species), how it is that such a  condition actually exists, and a challenge to future scientists to better  understand how our own species might become more altruistic (and adult)  than it presently is.In "The Attic of the Brain" (a cautionary essay on  the risks of psychiatry, most importantly psychoanalysis, in terms of  performing "total brain dumps"), the need for all of us to carry around a  little clutter in our lives, as insurance against the chance that we might  inadvertently lose our ability to retrieve something truly important.In "The Attic of the Brain" (a cautionary essay on  the risks of psychiatry, most importantly psychoanalysis, in terms of  performing "total brain dumps"), the need for all of us to carry around a  little clutter in our lives, as insurance against the chance that we might  inadvertently lose our ability to retrieve something truly important.In  the title (and final) essay, another cautionary tale, this time on  thermonuclear weaponry, the most lucid description I've ever read regarding  the true meaning of this music as envisioned by Gustav Mahler. In a few  brief but sublime paragraphs, Thomas has captured the essence of this  remarkable opus in a way that no musician (and that includes such  Mahlerites as Bernstein, Karajan, Klemperer, Rattle and Walter) ever had.  Until very recently, that is, with the release a few months back of a  staggering performance by Benjamin Zander, conductng the Philharmonia  Orchestra. But that is another topic, and another review.In  the title (and final) essay, another cautionary tale, this time on  thermonuclear weaponry, the most lucid description I've ever read regarding  the true meaning of this music as envisioned by Gustav Mahler. In a few  brief but sublime paragraphs, Thomas has captured the essence of this  remarkable opus in a way that no musician (and that includes such  Mahlerites as Bernstein, Karajan, Klemperer, Rattle and Walter) ever had.  Until very recently, that is, with the release a few months back of a  staggering performance by Benjamin Zander, conductng the Philharmonia  Orchestra. But that is another topic, and another review.In the  seventeen years since the initial publication of this book, quite a bit has  changed in our worldview, in some aspects of society and science. But not  enough! The observations and challenges that Thomas lays out will endure  for centuries, provided only that we endure as well.In the  seventeen years since the initial publication of this book, quite a bit has  changed in our worldview, in some aspects of society and science. But not  enough! The observations and challenges that Thomas lays out will endure  for centuries, provided only that we endure as well.Bob Zeidle
 This book has easy to understand &amp; have up to date case. The Harley Davidson case is one of the cases that showing us how's struggling US to face Japanese company offensive. This is the good case to picturing the dawn to earth marketing strategy compare to arrogant &amp; not efficient strategy willing by US Company
 The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn has been argued as a racial controversy since the first day it was published. Shortly after it was accessible to the public, multiple committees banned the book, proclaiming it to be racist and "trash". To this day, Mark Twain's Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is banned in several school districts. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn has been argued as a racial controversy since the first day it was published. Shortly after it was accessible to the public, multiple committees banned the book, proclaiming it to be racist and "trash". To this day, Mark Twain's Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is banned in several school districts. In my personal copy of the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, there is a helpful and informative introduction and notes throughout the text written by Robert O'Meally. He clearly states that the intent of Twain's word usage is needed in order to properly and vividly describe the setting and tone of the book. His usage of the racial slur "nigger" can be seen as offensive, but I believe it was necessary for it to be realistic. The dialogue that Huckleberry uses throughout the book stays very true to his character, time, and place, at which the slur was used casually. In my personal copy of the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, there is a helpful and informative introduction and notes throughout the text written by Robert O'Meally. He clearly states that the intent of Twain's word usage is needed in order to properly and vividly describe the setting and tone of the book. His usage of the racial slur "nigger" can be seen as offensive, but I believe it was necessary for it to be realistic. The dialogue that Huckleberry uses throughout the book stays very true to his character, time, and place, at which the slur was used casually. Besides the usage of the word "nigger", characters in the book often loudly express their racist mentality.  In the begining of Chapter 14, Huck and Jim are talking about all sorts of topics, both of them speaking their mind. Twain describes Huck's thoughts: "Well, he was right; he was most always right; he had an uncommon level head, for a nigger." Obviously some would perceive this to be intolerable and crude, yet I believe that Twain is simply describing the way Huck thinks of Jim. The growing friendship between Huck and Jim is the basis of the entire novel. The book depicts the way Huck feels and thinks about several ideas and concepts about life, the way he feels about his friend must be present and elaborate.Besides the usage of the word "nigger", characters in the book often loudly express their racist mentality.  In the begining of Chapter 14, Huck and Jim are talking about all sorts of topics, both of them speaking their mind. Twain describes Huck's thoughts: "Well, he was right; he was most always right; he had an uncommon level head, for a nigger." Obviously some would perceive this to be intolerable and crude, yet I believe that Twain is simply describing the way Huck thinks of Jim. The growing friendship between Huck and Jim is the basis of the entire novel. The book depicts the way Huck feels and thinks about several ideas and concepts about life, the way he feels about his friend must be present and elaborate.I strongly support Mark Twain's the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. The book wins people over with it 's dialogue, plot, originality, and capability to express a realistic story that takes place in a racist and unjust America.
 This story gives me hope in mankind again.  Despite the horrendous abuse, this woman gave herself -- all of herself -- to save a child from the torment she experienced.  I wish there were more people like Torey Hayden in this world.  I can only hope that I can touch lives in the way Ms. Hayden has.  This book will open eyes to the terrors of abuse that does, indeed, occur in this world, despite the fact that we would like to close our eyes to it.  It also demonstrates the hope that victims can overcome and the need for us to step up to the plate to end this war of terror
 Although not as fascinating as his PAPER CRYSTALS (a stellar work of modular origami), MATHEMATICAL ORIGAMI is a very solid work on the topic.  David Mitchell again gives clear instructions in text and diagrams for a very intriguing branch of paperfolding.  There are many books on geometric and modular origami, but Mitchell's are more than just "look at this neat design."  Instead, they are well thought out and very intelligently written.  A must-have for fans of the art
 This book is off the hook.  Oh! my God this book will have you looking at your "so-called" straight man in a whole new light
  I just got a book out of the library.  The author is a nut about recording songs and analyzing the sonograms (frequency intensity over time), and in his mind, when he hears a song, he identifies it by how it "looks" in his mental sonogram.I just got a book out of the library.  The author is a nut about recording songs and analyzing the sonograms (frequency intensity over time), and in his mind, when he hears a song, he identifies it by how it "looks" in his mental sonogram.This whole idea is amazing, and I think I'll never listen to birds the same way again - just after reading the first few pages!This whole idea is amazing, and I think I'll never listen to birds the same way again - just after reading the first few pages!The writing style pulls you into the author's world as he tracks birds and ponders the meaning of their song.  If you love birding, you will wish you had been there on every walk, and you'll want to wake up two hours before dawn the next day to discover the amazingly different pre-dawn songs of common birds.The writing style pulls you into the author's world as he tracks birds and ponders the meaning of their song.  If you love birding, you will wish you had been there on every walk, and you'll want to wake up two hours before dawn the next day to discover the amazingly different pre-dawn songs of common birds.The book comes with as CD with 98 tracks of songs, and some of the tracks are slowed down, which really changes your perception and shows you the depth and richness of some of those "blurt" sounds birds make.  The Woodthrush  at 1/10 speed reminds me of a howling wolf.  I know I'll never listed to this song the same way again
 I bought my first copy of this book about two years ago. Grabbed my brain and would not turn it loose...because the pages SCREAMED... "THIS IS YOU!". I am now 51 years old, and have had the cross of ADHD ... or blessing... as you may see it all of my life. I bought my first copy of this book about two years ago. Grabbed my brain and would not turn it loose...because the pages SCREAMED... "THIS IS YOU!". I am now 51 years old, and have had the cross of ADHD ... or blessing... as you may see it all of my life. I found myself picking up the phone to call close relatives and grabbing friends to lecture them on what was going on...mostly reading straight from the book. My mother wondered if my father and older brother had ADHD. Dad is dead now, but this can help me put some of the dysfunction in our relationship together.  Yes, I have been persecuted for having untreated, undiagnosed ADHD. Yes, this book explained an awful lot to me, gave me real solutions, and encouraged me knowing that the two authors are also blessed / victims of this malady / mental enhancement! I subsequently have bought copies for my aged mother in another state, and for my fiance. I have to say, my fiance read it through and studied it like a how to manual for fixing me! (She's a little scary, sometimes!) And of course I sent a copy to my brother, the doctor, who has added it to his trusted library of resources and textbooks. I found myself picking up the phone to call close relatives and grabbing friends to lecture them on what was going on...mostly reading straight from the book. My mother wondered if my father and older brother had ADHD. Dad is dead now, but this can help me put some of the dysfunction in our relationship together.  Yes, I have been persecuted for having untreated, undiagnosed ADHD. Yes, this book explained an awful lot to me, gave me real solutions, and encouraged me knowing that the two authors are also blessed / victims of this malady / mental enhancement! I subsequently have bought copies for my aged mother in another state, and for my fiance. I have to say, my fiance read it through and studied it like a how to manual for fixing me! (She's a little scary, sometimes!) And of course I sent a copy to my brother, the doctor, who has added it to his trusted library of resources and textbooks. I am now on one of the medications for the neurotransmitter stimulus. I have opted out of the antidepressants, because of their scary side effect warnings. But the stimulant works to calm me and flush me with something I don't have without the medication. It makes a difference. I feel better and more confident, more able to concentrate and more up to meeting all the challenges of life. What more can I say?  Their attention to all facets including proper medication and case history is fascinating, intriguing, and extremely useful. Hope is out there
 I'll skip the description since that has been done so many times here. But I would like to say that I don't have much time for reading, so make sure the books I choose are those by authors I consider 5-star. J.D. Robb a/k/a Nora Roberts is one of the most prolific authors I've ever read. How she manages to produce books that remain fresh and vibrant attests to her incredible talent and creative imagination. I've read this series out of order, but each book is written so that the book itself can stand alone. This one, however, revealed to me the reason behind Eve's sometimes belligerent attitude, her strong persona, and standoffishness. Robb is great at revealing subtle conflicts, inner turmoils. Great book
 McDonald's is one of the great symbols of America, and most countries around the world absolutely love McDonald's.  If you want to know the history of the mega-giant corporation, this is a good starting place.  We are capitalists in America - we love making money, and that can only be considered a good thing.  McDonald's embodies much of the American spirit and American dream.  Sure, the food isn't healthy - as if that's a newflash for anyone these days.  But eating it in moderation is not harmful in any way.  Oh, and westcoaster (below) didn't actually read this book prior to reviewing it - that person just has a problem with successful business-people earning money.  If you don't have that problem, read the book and marvel at the entrepreneurial spirit.  And to Hades with the naysayers - come to think of it, I'm outta here - gotta grab a Quarter Pounder with cheese, baby
 One of the best new authors to date, and possibly one of the best writers in the history of the English language! Jasper has a VERY firm grasp of the language and creates a..slightly...twisted version of reality where people jump into books, fictional characters jaunt around the real world (Hamlet) and books have a tendancy to re-write themselves. Characters include Jane Eyre (of course), the Cheshire cat, The Red Queen, Hamlet, and a slew of minor personalities from books out of print (for good reasons). If you like puns, you'll LOVE this series
 I loved THE FOUR AGREEMENTS by Don Miguel Ruiz, in which heshared wisdom from his Toltec ancestors . . . it helped me and I'm surecountless others develop a simple, yet effective code of personalconduct.conduct.So when I had the chance to listen to his follow-up book, THE MASTERYOF LOVE, I naturally was intrigued by the possibility of gaining somemore valuable insights from the author--this time dealing with thesubject of both developing and maintaining a loving relationship.subject of both developing and maintaining a loving relationship.Perhaps my only disappointment in this title was that it was tooshort . . . I gained so much from it that after one listening, Iimmediately felt the need to go back and listen a second time . . . methinksthat if you were reading it, you'd do the same, if just to master thisone concept:one concept:To try to change somebody is to try to change a dog or cat. You lovethem for who they are. If you're with somebody, don't try to changehim or her.him or her.Also, there were these other valuable tidbits:Let go of the past and begin every day with a high level of love.Let go of the past and begin every day with a high level of love.If you don't love yourself, you can change your belief and yourlife will change.life will change.When you hear your heart guiding you to happiness, make a choiceand stick to it.and stick to it.Forgive others, and you will see miracles happen in your life.Forgive others, and you will see miracles happen in your life.And lastly, there was this one that really struck home:If your choice is to be in a relationship and your partner is playingthe same game . . . what a gift! the same game . . . what a gift! 
 Simon Winchester is a popular historian, in the modern mold. This means that he's socially and politically a liberal, and that he's interested in *everything* connected with a specific event. He'll examine it from all angles, and attempt to see it from everyone's eyes, look over everything connected with it, and then draw some conclusions. Usually, those conclusions over-reach some (I'm being general about this type of writer, not of Winchester specifically) and the point of view is relentlessly modern.Simon Winchester is a popular historian, in the modern mold. This means that he's socially and politically a liberal, and that he's interested in *everything* connected with a specific event. He'll examine it from all angles, and attempt to see it from everyone's eyes, look over everything connected with it, and then draw some conclusions. Usually, those conclusions over-reach some (I'm being general about this type of writer, not of Winchester specifically) and the point of view is relentlessly modern.Winchester has chosen as the topic of this book the explosion of the volcano Krakatoa in 1883. Interestingly, the author is trained as a geologist, though he has spent most of his life working as a journalist and writer. This means that he actually understands the terminology of geology and vulcanology enough that he can at least make an attempt to explain it to the rest of us in layman's terms, and the result is generally a happy one. Krakatoa was a complex event (the island had three summits, each a separate volcano: two disappeared in the explosion, but they erupted for a good while beforehand, and their effects lasted for years afterwards) and Winchester does a good job of relating what happened, the prelude to it, and the aftermath.Winchester has chosen as the topic of this book the explosion of the volcano Krakatoa in 1883. Interestingly, the author is trained as a geologist, though he has spent most of his life working as a journalist and writer. This means that he actually understands the terminology of geology and vulcanology enough that he can at least make an attempt to explain it to the rest of us in layman's terms, and the result is generally a happy one. Krakatoa was a complex event (the island had three summits, each a separate volcano: two disappeared in the explosion, but they erupted for a good while beforehand, and their effects lasted for years afterwards) and Winchester does a good job of relating what happened, the prelude to it, and the aftermath.The one criticism that people have which I agree with is that he tends to wander a bit, at times. There are discussions here of everything from Dutch Colonial policy to the habits of spiders to rather technical (though carefully explained) geology. While it's all interesting, sometimes it does stray a bit far from the chosen topic. The author also occasionally over-reaches, a bit. For instance, his assertion that the explosion of the volcano indirectly led to Indonesia's independance is a bit much. My edition included a magazine article he'd written just after the Boxing Day tsunami, in which he attempts to connect the San Francisco earthquake with George W. Bush's election as U.S. President...that seems and even bigger stretch, to be honest.The one criticism that people have which I agree with is that he tends to wander a bit, at times. There are discussions here of everything from Dutch Colonial policy to the habits of spiders to rather technical (though carefully explained) geology. While it's all interesting, sometimes it does stray a bit far from the chosen topic. The author also occasionally over-reaches, a bit. For instance, his assertion that the explosion of the volcano indirectly led to Indonesia's independance is a bit much. My edition included a magazine article he'd written just after the Boxing Day tsunami, in which he attempts to connect the San Francisco earthquake with George W. Bush's election as U.S. President...that seems and even bigger stretch, to be honest.When the author sticks to the story, however, what he writes is very interesting. I would recommend this book
 This is truely a funny book.  It of course is the origin of the Ma and Pa Kettle movies, yet much more.  I like to pull this one off the shelf every now and again just to be able to chuckle.  When you read it, you must remember when it was written and what the racial and political attitudes of the time were, although,  it is a good read on that level too, i.e. seeing were our culture has been and where it is today.  I did read one or two reviews which compaired this work to some of the authors other work...good grief folks, lighten up..read the thing for what it is..a funny story meant to amuse. When I was a kid, I did not read Micky Mouse and analyze each comic book for political correctness, nor social commentary (although, being a dog lover, I was not always happy how Pluto was presented and treated) nor did I compair the Micky of 1949 to the Micky of 1952.  Anyway, digging into a book like this for those reasons is fine I suppose, if you are into such, but for me, I just enjoyed the read and highly recommend it
 This is truely a funny book.  It of course is the origin of the Ma and Pa Kettle movies, yet much more.  I like to pull this one off the shelf every now and again just to be able to chuckle.  When you read it, you must remember when it was written and what the racial and political attitudes of the time were, although,  it is a good read on that level too, i.e. seeing were our culture has been and where it is today.  I did read one or two reviews which compaired this work to some of the authors other work...good grief folks, lighten up..read the thing for what it is..a funny story meant to amuse. When I was a kid, I did not read Micky Mouse and analyze each comic book for political correctness, nor social commentary (although, being a dog lover, I was not always happy how Pluto was presented and treated) nor did I compair the Micky of 1949 to the Micky of 1952.  Anyway, digging into a book like this for those reasons is fine I suppose, if you are into such, but for me, I just enjoyed the read and highly recommend itGeorge DeWolfe sees the photographer as an artist, not a technician, yet his book provides the technical knowledge and shows how to use Photoshop to create consistently high quality fine art prints.  Writing for the experienced photographer with a basic knowledge of Photoshop, DeWolfe begins by showing the photographer, with many examples, how to evaluate an image and decide what adjustments will bring out its special qualities.  The experienced photographer has always used his or her understanding of how light, luminosity and color give life to an image, and has traditionally used various techniques in the darkroom to enhance them.  DeWolfe begins by training the eye of the artist to see these elements and understand how they work.  After showing the reader how to truly see the image and decide how to fine-tune it, DeWolfe then gives us a very detailed digital workflow which, once mastered, allows the photographer to produce excellent prints on a consistent basis. The workflow is clarified by many screen shots showing Photoshop techniques and before/after image adjustments. Those who think visually will find these particularly helpful.George DeWolfe sees the photographer as an artist, not a technician, yet his book provides the technical knowledge and shows how to use Photoshop to create consistently high quality fine art prints.  Writing for the experienced photographer with a basic knowledge of Photoshop, DeWolfe begins by showing the photographer, with many examples, how to evaluate an image and decide what adjustments will bring out its special qualities.  The experienced photographer has always used his or her understanding of how light, luminosity and color give life to an image, and has traditionally used various techniques in the darkroom to enhance them.  DeWolfe begins by training the eye of the artist to see these elements and understand how they work.  After showing the reader how to truly see the image and decide how to fine-tune it, DeWolfe then gives us a very detailed digital workflow which, once mastered, allows the photographer to produce excellent prints on a consistent basis. The workflow is clarified by many screen shots showing Photoshop techniques and before/after image adjustments. Those who think visually will find these particularly helpful.DeWolfe's approach is to use the simplest techniques that can produce consistently fine results.  (Some Photoshop users will be surprised by his use of the history brush instead of masking; as a photographer who uses this tool, I appreciate its simplicity and controlled results.)  His focus is not on "tips-and-tricks in Photoshop", but on how to get the best possible prints in the simplest, most straightforward way.  While a first reading gives valuable insights, the book's true value becomes evident when the photographer uses the workflow on his or her own images, and practices to become proficient.  The proof, as they say, is in the print
 I received my first copy of this cute album as a gift when I had my first baby.  I had so much fun putting it together that I tracked it down for my second and now for my third.  Telling the story from baby's point of view is fun and gets mom thinking about how baby would really feel about all the firsts in his/her life.  It is an easy album for moms and dads who want to record all the important events that the first year brings, but who haven't joined the scrapbooking craze quite yet.  I love this album and plan to have one for each child
 Well, the name of this set does say it all. Fashion! That's the theme of this mix & match stationery set. I liked it a bit more than some of the other mix & match stationery sets out there. The paper quality is a teensy bit better with this set as the paper is slightly thicker.Well, the name of this set does say it all. Fashion! That's the theme of this mix & match stationery set. I liked it a bit more than some of the other mix & match stationery sets out there. The paper quality is a teensy bit better with this set as the paper is slightly thicker.The illustrations are very colorful and pretty, it has drawings and he complements each with colors such as bright blue and fuchsia. The drawings are all bold and enjoyable ranging from a pattern of high-heeled shoes or little kisses to a close-up of a very Warhol-esque face. At the top of each sheet, there are little quotes of Andy's relating to fashion. Very cool for maintaining the overall theme, I think. The different colored-envelopes each have a flap that more or less complements one of the particular sheet designs but of course, as the name suggests, it's all open to a little mix&match. Finally, there are quite a lot of stickers to decorate your mail as your will dictates. They're very pretty too including purses, mannequins, kisses, and oh, they're the clear kind so they look a little bit more distinguished.The illustrations are very colorful and pretty, it has drawings and he complements each with colors such as bright blue and fuchsia. The drawings are all bold and enjoyable ranging from a pattern of high-heeled shoes or little kisses to a close-up of a very Warhol-esque face. At the top of each sheet, there are little quotes of Andy's relating to fashion. Very cool for maintaining the overall theme, I think. The different colored-envelopes each have a flap that more or less complements one of the particular sheet designs but of course, as the name suggests, it's all open to a little mix&match. Finally, there are quite a lot of stickers to decorate your mail as your will dictates. They're very pretty too including purses, mannequins, kisses, and oh, they're the clear kind so they look a little bit more distinguished.All in all, a very good way to spruce up your everyday mail. Get it especially if you're a fan of Andy Warhol or a die-hard fashionista
 My sister, whom moved out and had never cooked a thing in her life, really enjoyed the benefits from this book! The moment she saw it on my shelf, she snatched it up and took it home and I haven't seen it since. I hear she's cooking some great meals and hope she'll invite me over for dinner sometime soon! ;
 This book has adrenaline written all over it! Michael Crighton did an excellent job of keeping readers on their seats. I was blown away. Not only did his novel have adrenaline, but it also had horror, which kept you waiting for your hand to turn the next page
 Lost World	 		 Knopf Inc., 1995, Hardback 393 pp., $18.87Michael Crichton		                            ISBN 0-679-41946-2Michael Crichton		                            ISBN 0-679-41946-2What would you do if you were trapped on an island stuck with prehistoric dinosaurs that are ready to tear you to shreds? A group of scientists are stuck on an island are about to be torn to shreds. Ian Malcom and his three partners have gone to an island called Isla Sorna believing there are dinosaurs that are still on the island since the prehistoric time. When they get to the island they figure out that the dinosaurs are not from the prehistoric time but from a cloning company called Ingen that cloned dinosaurs in Crichton's previous novelLost World is a grabbing novel and will keep you reading for hours on end. Crichton gives great descriptions of characters, places, and objects that will keep guessing if he was really on the island. It makes you feel like you are a part of the story on the island or off. Crichton has made novels that continue this novel and start this novel. Jurassic park was Crichton's novel before this and Jurassic park III is the novel that continues this novelLost World is exciting, adventurous, grabbing, and will always be a great novel. I would recommend this novel to anyone who likes adventures and anyone who likes to feel like you're in the story. Lost World is the best novel I have read and will be for quite a whileLost World is exciting, adventurous, grabbing, and will always be a great novel. I would recommend this novel to anyone who likes adventures and anyone who likes to feel like you're in the story. Lost World is the best novel I have read and will be for quite a whileAndy Pop
 I liked this prep guide because it's not one of those huge books that's impossible to fit in your carry-on or laptop bag if you're traveling.  It has enough information to pass the test, which is good enough for me because that's all I needed to pass the test this month.  But, if you're one of those people who has a need to get every single question right, this is not the book for you.  The book doesn't cover every single thing you need to know for the exam, just enough to pass it.  The only draw back to this book is that it doesn't come with a CD with a comprehensive set of sample test questions.  I had to go to one of those huge books that I bought a couple of years ago for that, but I didn't read the huge book
 This is a retitled re-issue of _Invisible Republic_. For its content, then, it clearly deserves a 5-star rating (at least from here). However, you ought to know what you will be getting if you already have that classic
 Verla Kay has done it again!  She's created a brilliant rhyming picture book that works great in the classroom and is also a delightful choice for a bedtime story.   COVERED WAGONS, BUMPY TRAILS is the vivid, touching, enjoyable story of a pioneer family moving West.  Readers will fall in love with &quot;Mother, Father and Baby John&quot; as they journey in search of a new home.  Their struggles and triumphs come alive in sparse &quot;cryptic rhyme&quot; verse, such as: &quot;Plunging, slipping, Stuck in snow. Frozen wheels, &quot;Oxen, WHOA!&quot;  And the art by S. D. Schindler is fabulous with colorful kid-appeal.  This is a wonderful book that  you won't want to miss!  When you reach the final page, you'll smile at the absolute PERFECT ending
 I liked the book except the ending,I do not think she should have taken Sam back,He did not stand by her when she needed her most instead he went after another woman,The things he said   and did to Alex were unforgivable,Sorry doesn't cut it.
 I wish I had put some kind of protection on my Transits by Hand. I did not buy the hardback and usage of the paperback over the years by me and my daughter has managed to deteriorate the 2 or 3 copies I've had to reorder!  I always read other books about transiting planets and their influence, but for the final touch I always resort to the master himself, Robert Hand.  I was lucky enough to hear a few of his tapes and he is absolutely fascinating to listen to; has a delightful sense of humor (Sagittarius influence), is a supreme story-teller, which makes it impossible not to learn as you listen.  A lot of hard work must have gone into this work.  If anyone is to break the barriers between astrology and scientific worlds, Hand would be the one to lead the onslaught!  No astrologer or anyone learning astrology could do without this book
 Talk about a warm, fuzzy, heart touching book, this is it. Authors Allen & Linda Anderson have touched on the very core of the existence of our beloved pet, the dog.Taking accounts from numerous people they share with us stories of courage, love,loyalty, sacrifice and more that our four legged friends have bestowed on humans.  After each story we have a short meditation that enhances the read. I am a dog lover so for me this just re-enforced their need in our world and helped me appreciate them more.  Are they indeed sent from our Maker as messengers of love? I believe that may well be true.  If you love dogs, or even if you just want to understand their unique service to man; this book is for you.Written in a tender, honest,  interesting and absorbing way; you will find it difficult to put this book down.  I recommend "Angel Dogs" highly. Absolutely amazing insight!
 Citizen explores just what freedom really is as it follows a young man, Thorby, as he matures from boy to man. Starting as a slave sold to a most unusual beggar, Baslim, we see the first aspect that many equate with the absolute opposite of freedom, though we see that in fact 'slaves' sometimes have more freedom of choice than 'free men'. The society he paints here is vivid and believable (though the economics of slavery in a star-travelling culture has always seemed a little dubious to me). Baslim is far more than he appears to be, and puts Thorby through a rigorous education, both academic and practical. How do you become a really good beggar? Here Heinlein falls in with Ayn Rand - whatever you do, do it to the best of your ability, from begging to juggling. Also there are several comments included here about the integrity of the self - lies to others and misleading yourself both come in for some dictums. These are items that may pass over young readers' heads, but perhaps planting seeds that all assumptions should be examined, nothing should be accepted on 'faith', that personal integrity is more important than 'success', that consequences of actions should be examined carefully before committing to that action. Citizen explores just what freedom really is as it follows a young man, Thorby, as he matures from boy to man. Starting as a slave sold to a most unusual beggar, Baslim, we see the first aspect that many equate with the absolute opposite of freedom, though we see that in fact 'slaves' sometimes have more freedom of choice than 'free men'. The society he paints here is vivid and believable (though the economics of slavery in a star-travelling culture has always seemed a little dubious to me). Baslim is far more than he appears to be, and puts Thorby through a rigorous education, both academic and practical. How do you become a really good beggar? Here Heinlein falls in with Ayn Rand - whatever you do, do it to the best of your ability, from begging to juggling. Also there are several comments included here about the integrity of the self - lies to others and misleading yourself both come in for some dictums. These are items that may pass over young readers' heads, but perhaps planting seeds that all assumptions should be examined, nothing should be accepted on 'faith', that personal integrity is more important than 'success', that consequences of actions should be examined carefully before committing to that action. Later, Baslim calls in some favors and sends Thorby to live with the Free Traders, a group of space merchants that keep to themselves with their own unique culture. Here Thorby discovers another aspect of freedom: a person's ability to do as he wishes is severely constrained by the culture in which he lives. The Free Trader society (which owes much to Margaret Mead's seminal ideas, and highlighted by an anthropologist character named Margaret Mader - Heinlein was not usually so obvious with his names) of rigid matriarchal domination and separation into moieties provides security, peace of mind, and the ability through rigid rules of formalism to allow a small group of people to live together for extended periods without breaking any heads, but has as its downside great limitations on freedom of choice. This section of the book may be the best part, as the society is so different from today's American culture that it becomes fascinating in its own right, apart from its effects on Thorby. Thorby himself grows and changes significantly in this part of the book, from first love to determining just how he must balance the demands of duty and personal desires.  Later, Baslim calls in some favors and sends Thorby to live with the Free Traders, a group of space merchants that keep to themselves with their own unique culture. Here Thorby discovers another aspect of freedom: a person's ability to do as he wishes is severely constrained by the culture in which he lives. The Free Trader society (which owes much to Margaret Mead's seminal ideas, and highlighted by an anthropologist character named Margaret Mader - Heinlein was not usually so obvious with his names) of rigid matriarchal domination and separation into moieties provides security, peace of mind, and the ability through rigid rules of formalism to allow a small group of people to live together for extended periods without breaking any heads, but has as its downside great limitations on freedom of choice. This section of the book may be the best part, as the society is so different from today's American culture that it becomes fascinating in its own right, apart from its effects on Thorby. Thorby himself grows and changes significantly in this part of the book, from first love to determining just how he must balance the demands of duty and personal desires.  The last section deals with Thorby back on Earth, within a society not much different from our own, and shows a third aspect of freedom: the internal courageousness to make your own decisions and act upon them. Freedom is just as constrained by internal timidity and/or defining decisions as by external forces. As this last section offers little in terms of new or different views of society (though it is a good mirror of some of the flaws of a capitalistic/lawyer dominated one), it isn't as engrossing as the first two sections, but is highly important in terms of completing Heinlein's thematic investigation of all aspects of freedom.The last section deals with Thorby back on Earth, within a society not much different from our own, and shows a third aspect of freedom: the internal courageousness to make your own decisions and act upon them. Freedom is just as constrained by internal timidity and/or defining decisions as by external forces. As this last section offers little in terms of new or different views of society (though it is a good mirror of some of the flaws of a capitalistic/lawyer dominated one), it isn't as engrossing as the first two sections, but is highly important in terms of completing Heinlein's thematic investigation of all aspects of freedom.Characterization other than Thorby and Baslim is pretty thin, especially for the females that appear in supporting roles. This was fairly typical for his juveniles, as they were basically strong adventure novels with their primary focus on their central character. But the thematic line on slavery/freedom is much stronger here than most of his messages in other books, and as this particular position is also stated in some of those other works (most especially Farnham's Freehold), has to be seen as one of Heinlein's personal beliefs (unlike some other positions he proposes in his books that seem mainly designed to stir up debate).  Characterization other than Thorby and Baslim is pretty thin, especially for the females that appear in supporting roles. This was fairly typical for his juveniles, as they were basically strong adventure novels with their primary focus on their central character. But the thematic line on slavery/freedom is much stronger here than most of his messages in other books, and as this particular position is also stated in some of those other works (most especially Farnham's Freehold), has to be seen as one of Heinlein's personal beliefs (unlike some other positions he proposes in his books that seem mainly designed to stir up debate).  This book is not Heinlein's absolute best, nor even the best of his so-called 'juveniles' (which are typically better reading than most 'adult' mainstream bestsellers), but still provides an engrossing, fun, and illuminating read. Recommended for all readers willing to look at life styles different from their own.This book is not Heinlein's absolute best, nor even the best of his so-called 'juveniles' (which are typically better reading than most 'adult' mainstream bestsellers), but still provides an engrossing, fun, and illuminating read. Recommended for all readers willing to look at life styles different from their own.--- Reviewed by Patrick Shepherd (hyperpat)
 Written all the way back in the mid-1980s, long before all the heated rhetoric about illegal immigration going on in the US today, this book has turned out to be amazingly prescient. I feel like I would have had a much better understanding of this subject (not to mention appreciation of the people involved) had I discovered it a long time ago, but I suppose late is better than never.Written all the way back in the mid-1980s, long before all the heated rhetoric about illegal immigration going on in the US today, this book has turned out to be amazingly prescient. I feel like I would have had a much better understanding of this subject (not to mention appreciation of the people involved) had I discovered it a long time ago, but I suppose late is better than never.Ted Conover did what I don't imagine very many other Americans would have the courage to do: Cross illegally from Mexico into the US with Mexicans doing the same thing. In doing so, he gives readers incredible insight into what compels some Mexicans to make that journey (i.e what life is like where they come from), what the journey is like, and what awaits them on this side of the border. I found myself exceedingly grateful for having been born American and simply in awe of the Mexicans who live such vastly disparate lives from their privileged neighbors to the north.Ted Conover did what I don't imagine very many other Americans would have the courage to do: Cross illegally from Mexico into the US with Mexicans doing the same thing. In doing so, he gives readers incredible insight into what compels some Mexicans to make that journey (i.e what life is like where they come from), what the journey is like, and what awaits them on this side of the border. I found myself exceedingly grateful for having been born American and simply in awe of the Mexicans who live such vastly disparate lives from their privileged neighbors to the north.Conover simply relates his experiences to readers without the kind of  ideological commentary or other editorializing that can get in the way of the facts surrounding the contentious issues involved. Coyotes is a well-written, touching, informative, and inspiring book that should be required reading for all Americans before they open their mouths about illegal immigration
 I checked this book out of our local library when I was teaching a unit on "oceans" to my preschool class. The children listened closely as the suspense built in this story and the surprise ending was wonderful. The children understood the food chain concept and have asked me several times to "Read it again!" It has also triggered a renewed interest in the children for using their own imaginations to create stories of their own creation. I am ordering a copy for our own personal library. This one is a keeper
 What books you would grab as you ran out of a burning house? Remember that old parlor game? This is one on my list. My copy is stained and spine-cracked and I could not live without it. It's the standard by which all cookbooks should be measured
 If you want to take your pictures to the next level this is the book for you. Fantastic and easy to follow .. for the advanced amateur and pro
 You will either kill them or become a video on arabic television!  Hows that for modern desensitization
 Many people remember the battle of Midway as the turning point of the war in the Pacific due to the sinking of four Japanese aircraft carriers, and rightly so.  But would the American success at Midway been possible without the heroic actions of their torpedo squadrons?  Probably not.  In this eye-opening account of the battle, author Alvin Kernan sheds much new light on these intrepid airmen who, flying obsoloete aircraft and using defective torpedoes, cleared the way for the SBD Dauntlesses to deliver the crushing blows on the Japanese carriers.Many people remember the battle of Midway as the turning point of the war in the Pacific due to the sinking of four Japanese aircraft carriers, and rightly so.  But would the American success at Midway been possible without the heroic actions of their torpedo squadrons?  Probably not.  In this eye-opening account of the battle, author Alvin Kernan sheds much new light on these intrepid airmen who, flying obsoloete aircraft and using defective torpedoes, cleared the way for the SBD Dauntlesses to deliver the crushing blows on the Japanese carriers.After sighting the enemy carriers, the three American flattops began launching their torpedo bombers, dive bombers, and fighters in the hopes of making a coordinated attack on the Japanese fleet.  However, while en route to the target, almost all of the squadrons became separated and the USS Hornet's contingent of fighters and dive bombers never even made it to the Japanese fleet. Its aircraft either returned to the carrier or ditched in the sea.  Meanwhile, ,the planes from USS Yorktown and USS Enterprise were not able to coordinate their attacks.  Thus, the torpedo planes attacked without fighter protection.After sighting the enemy carriers, the three American flattops began launching their torpedo bombers, dive bombers, and fighters in the hopes of making a coordinated attack on the Japanese fleet.  However, while en route to the target, almost all of the squadrons became separated and the USS Hornet's contingent of fighters and dive bombers never even made it to the Japanese fleet. Its aircraft either returned to the carrier or ditched in the sea.  Meanwhile, ,the planes from USS Yorktown and USS Enterprise were not able to coordinate their attacks.  Thus, the torpedo planes attacked without fighter protection.These planes were thrown into a virtual meat grinder of anti aircraft fire and pursuit from Japanese fighters.  Out of a compliment of 51 planes, 44 were shot down.  One man, Ensign George Gay, survived from Torpedo squadron 8.  Not a single American torpedo hit the Japanese fleet.  However, this sacrifice was not in vain, for a few minutes later, the SBDs found the Japanese and in the span of a few minutes sent three Japanese carriers to the bottom.  The fourth followed later in the day.These planes were thrown into a virtual meat grinder of anti aircraft fire and pursuit from Japanese fighters.  Out of a compliment of 51 planes, 44 were shot down.  One man, Ensign George Gay, survived from Torpedo squadron 8.  Not a single American torpedo hit the Japanese fleet.  However, this sacrifice was not in vain, for a few minutes later, the SBDs found the Japanese and in the span of a few minutes sent three Japanese carriers to the bottom.  The fourth followed later in the day.The author brings up some interesting points in the book.  For example, he mentions the confusing flight plan of the Hornet's commander Ring, who, for some reason, chose to fly a course which would take him well north of the Japanese fleet.  He then failed to write an after action report upon returning to the Hornet.  The author also describes the inferiority of the American aircraft, specifically, there extremely limited range which, in the end, caused the American fighters to turn back.  Also, the fighters that did make it to the Japanese fleet never flew down to help out the lumbering Devastators.  In all intents and purposes, the SBDs happened to end up in the right place at precisely the right time.  If they had not, the battle could have turned out much differently.The author brings up some interesting points in the book.  For example, he mentions the confusing flight plan of the Hornet's commander Ring, who, for some reason, chose to fly a course which would take him well north of the Japanese fleet.  He then failed to write an after action report upon returning to the Hornet.  The author also describes the inferiority of the American aircraft, specifically, there extremely limited range which, in the end, caused the American fighters to turn back.  Also, the fighters that did make it to the Japanese fleet never flew down to help out the lumbering Devastators.  In all intents and purposes, the SBDs happened to end up in the right place at precisely the right time.  If they had not, the battle could have turned out much differently.This is a fascinating book.  I've read several books about the battle of Midway, but none have went into the depth of exploring the destruction of the torpedo planes as this one does.  The writer, a former member of the Enterprise's air group, describes the battle as only a true eyewitness could.  He raises some alarming quetions which I had never thought about before reading this book.  Although the book itself is somewhat short, it does a masterful job of covering the plight of the torpedo planes.This is a fascinating book.  I've read several books about the battle of Midway, but none have went into the depth of exploring the destruction of the torpedo planes as this one does.  The writer, a former member of the Enterprise's air group, describes the battle as only a true eyewitness could.  He raises some alarming quetions which I had never thought about before reading this book.  Although the book itself is somewhat short, it does a masterful job of covering the plight of the torpedo planes.I highly recommend this fine book.  If you've read anything previously about the battle of Midway, you must read this book.  It sheds some new light on the heroic sacrifice of the American torpedo squadrons and how their actions paved the way for the American victory
 Stimulating, compelling primer on the fallacies of naturalistic evolution. In a philosophical wrestling match, Phillip Johnson bends Richard Dawkins into a pretzel and pins his shoulders to the mat in three seconds or less. Macroevolutionary Darwinism is living on borrowed time. Within 50 years it will join the ranks of Geocentric Universe Theories, phlogistons, and phrenologies. A lot of guys with letters after their names are going to have to look for new work, or else be honest enough to convert from their naturalistic religion to a real form of science, that pursues Truth no matter where it leads
 This is an integral desk reference for the reproductive health educator.  This text outlines all that there is to know to date about contraceptive methods and their function.  I don't inted to part with this until the 19th edition is released. 
 Part geology, part biography, part history of Scotland, this excellent book is a tribute to James Hutton, the originator of modern geology. Starting with the status of geology in the eighteenth century and the use of the Bible as the basis for estimating the age of the earth, the author weaves the intriguing story of James Hutton and how he came about discovering signs of the earth's true antiquity. The political situation in eighteenth century Scotland is well described and illustrates the times in which Hutton lived. But the book goes further in that the evolution of geology after Hutton's death is also discussed, ending with modern estimates of the age of the earth and a brief description of the methods used to produce them. This is a very well-written and exciting book that should appeal to a wide audience
 The Challenge/Solution style of these books are great for security beginners as well as seasoned professionals.  If you read carefully you can pick up many hints/tools which you can use in real life security scenarios.The Challenge/Solution style of these books are great for security beginners as well as seasoned professionals.  If you read carefully you can pick up many hints/tools which you can use in real life security scenarios.My only -ve comment about this book is its getting out of date now.  Many of the incidents described are not relevant now, as security practices at most firms would thrawt these incidents.  Having said that, the scenarios are still good for security beginners.  For advanced readers I would suggest the Second edition or the soon to be released third edition
 I have looked high and low through countless new age books and Voyagers was the first book that really fofilled my sense of longing. After every other book I had read, I found myself still searching, but after Voyagers, I no longer needed to search. That is not to say that everything you ever needed to know can be found in this book, it is more of an introduction to a larger body of work where you can find information on everything you wanted to know, and then some. If you are genuinely looking for answers, then don't take my word for it, or any one else's for that matter... just read it for yourself and decide for yourself if it is right for you.
 I purchased this book to find out about the publishing industry and more effectively market my book.  Without Mr. Kremer's Book I would have been clueless, however now I am well informed and continue to sell my book.  It has been picked up for a second edition by another publisher, which was my main goal.  ( I self published as a quick way to get review copies out to the public and get the book rolling)I knew the world needed my book and I needed it releasedquick.  Mission accomplished.  I keep 001 ways close to my side and continuously consult it as I continue my publishing journey.  Highly recommended to anyone who wants to sell books and be successful and effective in the process
 This  book is  execellent in explaining  about  fear and  how  to  conquer it. My f0ur  children  loved it
 We got this book out from our library recently and within a week I had ordered a copy for us.  My nearly 2 year old demands poems from it all the time (as only 2 year olds can demand!!) and her older brothers have also enjoyed them.  The book has so many poems that struck a chord with us; just one small example: With recent cold weather I ended up sharing Dragon Smoke (about day being so cold you can see your own breath) with my oldest son's class at school. I have also suggested that our local pre-school buys a copy for the adult library so that the poems can be shared with the children when relevant themes / moments arise.  The pictures are perfect for the poems creating a completely wonderful package. It is just an absolutely superb book and one I will be buying as a present for many other families.  I think in a way the title is a bit of a pity, (although completly reasonable), as these poems will last a lot longer than just for the "very Young"
 Flip the Switch is an excellent book.  I'm 29 and tired of being overweight.  I bought this book months ago.  I read half of it, then moved from Seattle to Valdez, Alaska.  All the while I was moving, I could not stop thinking about this book.  As soon as my shipment arrived, I found the book ASAP and finished it.  Flip the Switch is an excellent book.  I'm 29 and tired of being overweight.  I bought this book months ago.  I read half of it, then moved from Seattle to Valdez, Alaska.  All the while I was moving, I could not stop thinking about this book.  As soon as my shipment arrived, I found the book ASAP and finished it.  I have seen that some complain about the resistance products he promotes in his books.  I look at it this way:  Spend a ton of money on a gym membership or spend around $10.00 for a resistance rope - PLUS - you get to do this in the privacy of your home.  This is a great idea, especially for women that have children, a job and the home to contend with.  I have seen that some complain about the resistance products he promotes in his books.  I look at it this way:  Spend a ton of money on a gym membership or spend around $10.00 for a resistance rope - PLUS - you get to do this in the privacy of your home.  This is a great idea, especially for women that have children, a job and the home to contend with.  Jim Karas was overweight for several years.  He can relate to me.  He revels on the fact that resistance training is the way to go and thank goodness because I simply cannot handle cardio workouts due to a bad back.  The running and "stepping" in cardio is too much for me.  Jim Karas was overweight for several years.  He can relate to me.  He revels on the fact that resistance training is the way to go and thank goodness because I simply cannot handle cardio workouts due to a bad back.  The running and "stepping" in cardio is too much for me.  This is a great book for anyone but women will especially appreciate the convenience
 This collection of shorts narrating the lives of the inhabitants of 44 Scotland Street - a Edinburgh neighborhood, full of quirky characters, both lovable and unlovable - is quaint and entertaining, striking a cord of truth in the mind and heart, like many of Smith's stories. A great addition to those previously delighted with Smith - for new readers I recommend The No. #1 Ladies' Detective Agency
 Oh, Spike in San Antonio. It's so hard to believe that sexism exists, isn't it? I'm not sure where your numbers come from, as your logic seems tenuous, at best, but according to that left-wing, liberal think tank known as the US Census Bureau, Rowe-Finkbeiner is right. And it's getting worse. Oh, Spike in San Antonio. It's so hard to believe that sexism exists, isn't it? I'm not sure where your numbers come from, as your logic seems tenuous, at best, but according to that left-wing, liberal think tank known as the US Census Bureau, Rowe-Finkbeiner is right. And it's getting worse. The Census Bureau reported in August, based on the Current Population Survey, that women's  real median earnings fell by $171, or 0.6 percent, from 2002 to 2003, while men's increased by  $336, or 0.8 percent. (The increase for men was not statistically significant, but the decrease for women was.) The gender wage ratio thus fell to 75.5, compared with 76.6 in 2002. In addition, a U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) report released in October of 2003, controlling for changes in education and work experience over time, concludes that womens earnings have  remained stagnant, relative to men's, for an even longer period--17 years--with a gap that cannot be explained by measurable differences in education and experience.The Census Bureau reported in August, based on the Current Population Survey, that women's  real median earnings fell by $171, or 0.6 percent, from 2002 to 2003, while men's increased by  $336, or 0.8 percent. (The increase for men was not statistically significant, but the decrease for women was.) The gender wage ratio thus fell to 75.5, compared with 76.6 in 2002. In addition, a U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) report released in October of 2003, controlling for changes in education and work experience over time, concludes that womens earnings have  remained stagnant, relative to men's, for an even longer period--17 years--with a gap that cannot be explained by measurable differences in education and experience.If you actually read The F-Word, you might find  cited cases like this: Although women make up nearly 3/4 of Wal-Mart's workforce, men hold 90% of management positions--despite female employee's receiving better performance evaluations overall--and female employees are paid lower wages than male employees for the same jobs. None of this is disputed by the corporation. Why? According to Wal-Mart, because men are there for a career, while women are working for pocket money. I wish I could say your attitude was merely naive--but the truth is it's far more dangerous and insidious. Thanks to Rowe-Finbeiner for telling it how it really is. If you actually read The F-Word, you might find  cited cases like this: Although women make up nearly 3/4 of Wal-Mart's workforce, men hold 90% of management positions--despite female employee's receiving better performance evaluations overall--and female employees are paid lower wages than male employees for the same jobs. None of this is disputed by the corporation. Why? According to Wal-Mart, because men are there for a career, while women are working for pocket money. I wish I could say your attitude was merely naive--but the truth is it's far more dangerous and insidious. Thanks to Rowe-Finbeiner for telling it how it really is.    
 Having read most of Grisham's books, I've saved a few of his "best" for last.  While it wasn't a 5 star book like I'd hoped, it certainly was one of his better books with a lot of detail and of course the plot was an interesting one.Having read most of Grisham's books, I've saved a few of his "best" for last.  While it wasn't a 5 star book like I'd hoped, it certainly was one of his better books with a lot of detail and of course the plot was an interesting one.Having saw the movie years ago, I had a good idea of what the book was about:  Two Supreme Court Justices are killed, a law school student, along with many other people become curious and try to figure out "who dun it"...only, she writes a brief and hits the nail on the head, and when the wrong people find out, she's on the run for her life!Having saw the movie years ago, I had a good idea of what the book was about:  Two Supreme Court Justices are killed, a law school student, along with many other people become curious and try to figure out "who dun it"...only, she writes a brief and hits the nail on the head, and when the wrong people find out, she's on the run for her life!I enjoyed the book mostly because it was fast-paced, and had a lot of detail.  So much detail and characters, I had a bit of a struggle to keep up!  Of course it was suspenseful and the characters, especially of Darby, the law school student and the reporter who starts to help her uncover the truth.  Good read
 Kenneth Pollack first gives his readers an excellent introduction to the remarkable history of Iran from the rise of the Persian Empire to the reign of the Pahlavis (pp. 3-100).  Pollack shows clearly how nationalist and xenophobic Iran got wary of meddling foreigners, starting with the hated Russians and Brits, in its domestic affairs (pp. 4, 41).  Many Iranians have angry psychological scars, believing that foreigners are the source of all their problems for partially understandable reasons (pp. 26, 71, 89, 99, 125, 128, 155-56, 161, 173-74, 242, 297, 389).  Kenneth Pollack first gives his readers an excellent introduction to the remarkable history of Iran from the rise of the Persian Empire to the reign of the Pahlavis (pp. 3-100).  Pollack shows clearly how nationalist and xenophobic Iran got wary of meddling foreigners, starting with the hated Russians and Brits, in its domestic affairs (pp. 4, 41).  Many Iranians have angry psychological scars, believing that foreigners are the source of all their problems for partially understandable reasons (pp. 26, 71, 89, 99, 125, 128, 155-56, 161, 173-74, 242, 297, 389).  Pollack focuses the bulk of his book on a balanced account of the troubled American-Iranian relations in the last 50+ years.  The U.S. started building its "satanic" reputation after the CIA played a key role in helping the Brits get rid of Iran's popular Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddeq in 1953 (pp. 57-67).  Mosaddeq's "crime" was the "illegal" nationalization of the Iranian oil industry under control of the rapacious Brits (pp. 52-56).  The U.S. did not improve its reputation among most Iranians by supporting the dictatorial Shah who largely mismanaged the modernization of Iran until his overthrow in 1979 (pp. xxv, 72-140).  Pollack focuses the bulk of his book on a balanced account of the troubled American-Iranian relations in the last 50+ years.  The U.S. started building its "satanic" reputation after the CIA played a key role in helping the Brits get rid of Iran's popular Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddeq in 1953 (pp. 57-67).  Mosaddeq's "crime" was the "illegal" nationalization of the Iranian oil industry under control of the rapacious Brits (pp. 52-56).  The U.S. did not improve its reputation among most Iranians by supporting the dictatorial Shah who largely mismanaged the modernization of Iran until his overthrow in 1979 (pp. xxv, 72-140).  Pollack convincingly demonstrates that the Truman Administration and its successors usually did not exercise enough pressure on the Shah to democratize and liberalize Iran when they had the opportunity to do it (pp. 49, 76-77, 81, 89-90, 104, 121-24, 136-40).  The Shah, who was ironically considered sold out to the West, became less and less amenable to the "omniscient" U.S., beginning in the mid-1960s (pp. 39, 50, 84, 94, 99-100, 107, 120-27, 158, 173).   Pollack convincingly demonstrates that the Truman Administration and its successors usually did not exercise enough pressure on the Shah to democratize and liberalize Iran when they had the opportunity to do it (pp. 49, 76-77, 81, 89-90, 104, 121-24, 136-40).  The Shah, who was ironically considered sold out to the West, became less and less amenable to the "omniscient" U.S., beginning in the mid-1960s (pp. 39, 50, 84, 94, 99-100, 107, 120-27, 158, 173).   After the revolution of 1979, the U.S. mostly supported Saddam Hussein during the Iran-Iraq war and funded different destabilization operations to contain and try to overthrow the Islamic Republic (pp. 206-16, 259-65, 273-76, 386).  The U.S. apologized in 2000 for some past misdeeds in an unsuccessful attempt to improve its relations with Teheran under the presidency of the moderate but ultimately ineffective Mohammad Kathami, who was under relentless pressure from the hard-liners (pp. xxv, 303-42). After the revolution of 1979, the U.S. mostly supported Saddam Hussein during the Iran-Iraq war and funded different destabilization operations to contain and try to overthrow the Islamic Republic (pp. 206-16, 259-65, 273-76, 386).  The U.S. apologized in 2000 for some past misdeeds in an unsuccessful attempt to improve its relations with Teheran under the presidency of the moderate but ultimately ineffective Mohammad Kathami, who was under relentless pressure from the hard-liners (pp. xxv, 303-42). Pollack blames with equal conviction the Iranians for the awful relations existing between both countries.  Iran has built its reputation of international pariah due to the illegal seizure of the U.S. embassy staff in 1979, its lack of democratic credentials, its support of terrorism around the world, its opposition to the Middle East peace process, and its pursuit of (nuclear) WMDs (pp. xxi, 141-80, 182, 198-201, 237-40, 248, 256-59, 266-67, 277, 345, 379-82).   Pollack also explains to its readers that many Iranians have a poor understanding of the U.S. (pp. 50, 180, 309).   Pollack blames with equal conviction the Iranians for the awful relations existing between both countries.  Iran has built its reputation of international pariah due to the illegal seizure of the U.S. embassy staff in 1979, its lack of democratic credentials, its support of terrorism around the world, its opposition to the Middle East peace process, and its pursuit of (nuclear) WMDs (pp. xxi, 141-80, 182, 198-201, 237-40, 248, 256-59, 266-67, 277, 345, 379-82).   Pollack also explains to its readers that many Iranians have a poor understanding of the U.S. (pp. 50, 180, 309).   Pollack does not hesitate to show repeatedly that greed has not stopped the international community, including the U.S. at times, from doing business with Iran in the last 25+ years (pp. 164-65, 262-65, 271-72, 286-89).  Iran is trying without much success to emulate China by crushing internal dissent and favoring economic development (pp. xxiv, 250, 369-73, 390-91).  The U.S. will be of no help in this endeavor as long as Iran stubbornly clings to its pursuit of acquiring nuclear military expertise on top of other objectionable actions (pp. 273, 312, 324, 351). Pollack does not hesitate to show repeatedly that greed has not stopped the international community, including the U.S. at times, from doing business with Iran in the last 25+ years (pp. 164-65, 262-65, 271-72, 286-89).  Iran is trying without much success to emulate China by crushing internal dissent and favoring economic development (pp. xxiv, 250, 369-73, 390-91).  The U.S. will be of no help in this endeavor as long as Iran stubbornly clings to its pursuit of acquiring nuclear military expertise on top of other objectionable actions (pp. 273, 312, 324, 351). Pollack tries to crack the Iranian enigma by rightly ruling out an invasion of Iran due to its size, population, and topography (pp. xxiii, 383-86).  Pollack ultimately pleads for a three-pronged strategy that rests on an unconvincing mix of carrots and sticks (pp. 375-424). Pollack tries to crack the Iranian enigma by rightly ruling out an invasion of Iran due to its size, population, and topography (pp. xxiii, 383-86).  Pollack ultimately pleads for a three-pronged strategy that rests on an unconvincing mix of carrots and sticks (pp. 375-424). The U.S.-led international community seems to believe that Iran will "submit" to the "diktats" of foreigners in the nuclear crisis without undermining again the "legitimacy" of the hard-liners (pp. xxv-xxvi, 157, 251, 352, 365, 395-400).  Hard-liners have not forgotten the humiliation of 1988 (pp. 227-33).  Nuclear WMDs would shield Iran from further "humiliating" foreign interference (pp. 259, 361-69).The U.S.-led international community seems to believe that Iran will "submit" to the "diktats" of foreigners in the nuclear crisis without undermining again the "legitimacy" of the hard-liners (pp. xxv-xxvi, 157, 251, 352, 365, 395-400).  Hard-liners have not forgotten the humiliation of 1988 (pp. 227-33).  Nuclear WMDs would shield Iran from further "humiliating" foreign interference (pp. 259, 361-69).The Shi'i hard-liners, inspired by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini and co, relish martyrdom and heavy sacrifices (pp. 157, 177-79, 222-23, 302).  Like most of his predecessors, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is seeking confrontation with the international community as a way of diverting Iranians' attention from their problems for which ideology is a poor solution (pp. 158, 238, 243, 293-96, 348, 369-74).  Iranian hard-liners can find plenty of inspiration in the playbooks of Adolf Hitler and co.The Shi'i hard-liners, inspired by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini and co, relish martyrdom and heavy sacrifices (pp. 157, 177-79, 222-23, 302).  Like most of his predecessors, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is seeking confrontation with the international community as a way of diverting Iranians' attention from their problems for which ideology is a poor solution (pp. 158, 238, 243, 293-96, 348, 369-74).  Iranian hard-liners can find plenty of inspiration in the playbooks of Adolf Hitler and co.The U.S. will discover again at its own expense that key countries will balk at acting responsibly after Iran predictably fails to comply with the legitimate demands of the society of nations (pp. 165, 262).  Iranian hard-liners consider weakness a defensive and reactive policy towards their offensive agenda (pp. 218, 234-35, 266, 300).  Nothing meaningful will happen until the implementation of very comprehensive economic / financial sanctions and the credible threat of massive strategic bombardments against the nuclear and revolutionary power infrastructure across Iran (pp. 299, 301, 392-95).  Iran has not been impressed with half-baked carrots like the Critical Dialogue and, with "Mini-Me" sticks such as Dual Containment and a few cruise missiles (pp. 265, 273-76, 283-84, 291, 337-38, 344, 391).The U.S. will discover again at its own expense that key countries will balk at acting responsibly after Iran predictably fails to comply with the legitimate demands of the society of nations (pp. 165, 262).  Iranian hard-liners consider weakness a defensive and reactive policy towards their offensive agenda (pp. 218, 234-35, 266, 300).  Nothing meaningful will happen until the implementation of very comprehensive economic / financial sanctions and the credible threat of massive strategic bombardments against the nuclear and revolutionary power infrastructure across Iran (pp. 299, 301, 392-95).  Iran has not been impressed with half-baked carrots like the Critical Dialogue and, with "Mini-Me" sticks such as Dual Containment and a few cruise missiles (pp. 265, 273-76, 283-84, 291, 337-38, 344, 391).There will be no free lunch (p. 385).  Stepped-up war against (state-sponsored) terrorism will require a series of "patriotic" sacrifices to mitigate the inevitable, short-term sharp increase in energy prices.  Furthermore, there will be a new spike in terrorist operations as a "payback" for muscular action against Iran (pp. 253, 345-49, 354-58, 373, 392).There will be no free lunch (p. 385).  Stepped-up war against (state-sponsored) terrorism will require a series of "patriotic" sacrifices to mitigate the inevitable, short-term sharp increase in energy prices.  Furthermore, there will be a new spike in terrorist operations as a "payback" for muscular action against Iran (pp. 253, 345-49, 354-58, 373, 392).If Iran is not stopped before it acquires nuclear WMDs, it will indulge with a vengeance its own regional hegemonic aspirations not only in the Persian Gulf, but also in Central Asia (pp. 253-56).  Energy prices will not go down in this scenario.  Furthermore, Iranian hard-liners could consider Southern Russia and Chinese Xinjiang fair game for their revolutionary agenda due to the sub-optimal treatment of many Muslim minorities in these areas (pp. 198-205).  Their military nuclear program is not purely defensive.  Whoever ignores the past, will pay a heavy price down the road.
 I consider myself knowledgeable about history, especially WW2. After reading just half of "Flags of our Fathers'" I realize how much I 'didn't' know about this part of the war. Most of my research was of the european theatre. I am so glad I purchased this book. It makes me feel so humble as to my own time spent in uniform for I never had to endure or sacrifice what these young men did. Anyone thinking of not voting should read this and be sure to vote for these young men gave everything so that we could have that right. Even more they went through hell before they did it.Do yourself a favor and get this book.Richard Neal Huffman - Author of Dreams In Blue: The Real Polic
 My daughter loves this book.  She reads me poems and stories from this book all the time.  I think all teenagers should purchase this book. 
 "Lords of the Earth" is the term the Yali warriors use to describe themselves.  They live in the Heluk valley in Irian Jaya, and the only knowledge of them to reach the outside world are the dark rumors of the cannibals beyond the mountains.  The first section of the book is about them, their customs, and the awful fear and darkness they lived in.  Don Richardson does a great job portraying a people bound by chains of sin, and longing for release.  The horror of their pain is graphic, and not suitable to be read to younger children.  "Lords of the Earth" is the term the Yali warriors use to describe themselves.  They live in the Heluk valley in Irian Jaya, and the only knowledge of them to reach the outside world are the dark rumors of the cannibals beyond the mountains.  The first section of the book is about them, their customs, and the awful fear and darkness they lived in.  Don Richardson does a great job portraying a people bound by chains of sin, and longing for release.  The horror of their pain is graphic, and not suitable to be read to younger children.  The second part of the book describes the early life of Stan Dale, his conversion, and his burden for those in darkness.  He is drawn as a determined man, physically strong and fit, with firm convictions.  The second part of the book describes the early life of Stan Dale, his conversion, and his burden for those in darkness.  He is drawn as a determined man, physically strong and fit, with firm convictions.  The book goes on to tell of Stan's coming to the Yali people.  How a strange story begins over his identity, protecting his life.  How the first few Yali Christians were killed, and later Stan and a fellow missionary were brutally murdered.  How another missionary family died in a plane crash, except for the nine-year-old son, whose friendship with the Yali paves the way for them to turn to Christ.  The book goes on to tell of Stan's coming to the Yali people.  How a strange story begins over his identity, protecting his life.  How the first few Yali Christians were killed, and later Stan and a fellow missionary were brutally murdered.  How another missionary family died in a plane crash, except for the nine-year-old son, whose friendship with the Yali paves the way for them to turn to Christ.  The book reminded me Christ's words in John 12:24, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit."  On earth, Stan Dale never saw the fruit his life and death brought forth, but he will rejoice in heaven with the Yali that are there through his witness.  
 Reading WAR AND PEACE is an immense undertaking, which has less to do with page numbers and more to do with addressing some very fundamental questions about what it means to be human. The first time that I read it, I read it as a novel, for entertainment. Years later, I picked it up again but this time my task was more ambitious. I sought to know how Tolstoy could justify the ways of God to man.  During this second reading, I was able to examine the Russian names, characters, events, and historical occurrences which occupied me the first time through. What I saw was that each of the hundreds of individuals was very much linked to the concluding Epilog, which I scanted then but studied now. Most readers of WAR AND PEACE find this part heavy going, which it certainly is, but in it, Tolstoy creates a key for unlocking the reasons who we are and why we do things the way we do. In essence, each human being is like an atom of gas floating in space, with one atom colliding at random with another, but when a sufficient number act in concert, such as Napoleon's invasion of Russia, their force is irresistable. When Tolstoy introduces world leaders like Napoleon or the Tsar, he does so in such a way as to depict them as no more than one more free floating atom, who can not see the Big Picture any more clearly than anyone else can.  The tragic decisions of these misguided leaders are based on a collective illusion that they and they alone can use divinely inspired reason to affect lasting change.  But when human beings act as if they acknowledge that their powers of reason are both limited and self-deluding--as when General Kutuzov relies on looking inward toward instinct rather than outward toward other circling and equally misguided atoms, then they are drawing closer to a universal "one" with nature.  This "one" Tolstoy invests with religious overtones as synonymous with God. Tolstoy does not say that human beings are preprogrammed robots held in thrall by that "one" or any other deity, but he does say that history, time, and man are all part of a universal flow that swoops along all in its path, and that if any intelligent atom wishes to know which way the flow is likely to go, then he might wish to emulate General Kutuzov, who at least knows that humbleness in the face of chaos is the first step in finding a rational basis for who we are and where we are going. 
 Add this reviewer to the list of people who hold Paradise Lost up to the lofty title of The Greatest Epic Poem in the English Language; it is not only this, but one of the best in any language. Writing unabashedly in the tradition of unrhymed Homeric epic verse, Mitlon was working well within what was earlier purveyed by Homer, Virgil, and Dante -- but he brings his own distinctive touch and flair to the work. The opening lines of the long poem are clearly inspired by Homer, as are other elements, but Milton has a very unique poetic style; long sentences, often with the principle verb at the end, being one of its mainstays. This language is very grandiose and quite complex; it takes a while to get used to it -- you will have to pay very close attention during the first book -- but, as with most classical literature, once the reader gets the hang of it, it goes quite smoothly. The Divine Comedy of Dante has a more towring reputation than does Milton's Paradise Lost -- for one thing, it is older -- but I among those who find Milton to be superior. The Divine Comedy is, certainly, an undisputed masterpiece, but, where it was, more or less, a satire and a thinly-veiled attack on many of Dante's political enemies, Milton's work deals with much more complex and profound subject matter:  why mankind fell, how the gods themselves operate and think, the nature and attractiveness of evil and sin, the importance of love in human relationships, the moral problems of God's justice. It is true that Dante's work is more original; Paradise Lost and Paradise Regained, at least in seed, come straight from The Bible. But Milton only uses these stories as a springboard for the exploration of the latent moral and ethical problems lurking beneath. Milton explores these problems with a refreshingly fresh perspective -- strictly within the Christian tradition, to be sure, but far from fundamentalist, and even quite radical for its day. Although some cite the work as Christian apologist, there are certainly many elements within the poem that many of the more hard-line Christians would be taken aback by; it was, of course, even more controversial in its day. One thing about the work that often gets pointed out is that Satan is a far more interesting and appealing character than God. This, in my view, does not have Milton unwittingly on the Devil's side, as some critics have suggested. Rather, he is pointing out how appealing sin is always is:  of course it's interesting, of course it's appealing -- otherwise, we wouldn't keep falling for it again and again and again. If we saw its razor-sharp fangs and [dripping] mouth, we would have stopped getting ensnared in its trap long ago. However, as a non-Christian myself, I cannot but disagree with some points of Milton's theodicy; the last two books, in particular, and Paradise Regained as a whole, were, for me, quite hard to swallow. I found the more human elements of the poem to be its most intriguing. Milton paints Adam and Eve as quintissentially human characters who possess many of the same feelings that we all share:  joy, happiness, fear, sadness, depression, and, most of all, the overriding paramount importance of love. The act of Adam, who was not himself [evil], eating of the apple so that he could follow Eve, no matter what doom was to befall her and them, out of love for her, is still one of the most touching moments in all of literature -- as Mark Twain, in the voice of Adam, later said, "Wheresoever Eve was there, THERE was Eden." God, Satan, and the various angels are also endowed with human characteristics; most Christians today seem to have forgotten that God created Man "in His own image", and that He is not a perfect creature. Likewise, Satan is not entirely evil -- certainly he is ambitious and narcissistic, but so are many humans -- indeed, many have seen him as the hero of the poem (an errorenous view, as I see it.) God often comes off as extremely cold and hardly forgiving or merciful; indeed, to many readers, myself included, this poem doesn't come anywhere near its stated goal of justifying the ways of Gods to men, but only reinforces the views we already had (Mark Twain, whom I have previously mentioned, has a very different view of the situation, closer to my own perspective, that is worth seeking out.) Whatever one's objections to the theology and theodicy expressed within the poem, the poem remains a great work of literature -- poetic, grandiose, profound, extremely readable, and thought-provoking. The shorter sequel, Paradise Regained, is also included in this edition. This work, in my view, comes nowhere near the glory of it's predecessor, but it is still a good read and it is very handy to have it included in this volume as well. For that reason, I highly reccommend picking up this particular edition of the works; also because the introduction, written by Dr. Susanne Woods, is very good, and it has notes provided by the wonderful Christoper Ricks, who also edited the poem for this version. Unlike many editors, he does not include so many notes that they become cumbersome and distract from the text:  they are genuinely helpful and there are not too many of them. This is an absolute classic not only of English literature, but of world literature, and a monument in the tradition of epic poetry that you owe it to yourself to read
 For someone totally unfamiliar with Authorware, I thought this book rather confusing. I typically learn best by playing with software and using the manual to construct my own exercises. However, I knew Authorware was pretty complex so I thought this book would help. Well, it did help a little but overall I became quite frustrated with following the book's exercises. As I use Authorware I imagine I'll keep this book on my desk as a reference tool. But until then, I'll content myself with playing on my own
 Patton describes qualitative research design and data collection methods in a way that even the novice researcher can easily understand and utilize. 
 i bought this cookbook due to the introductory price I received and have loved every recipe I have tried.  Many of the recipies are heart healthy and I have found those to be tasty and easy to prepare.  Good luck and good cooking
    Harvey is a totally spoiled boy. It starts when Harvey is on a ship with his Mother (I forget where they are going) he is washed overboard, and saved by a fisherman `Manuel.' On the fishing boat Harvey makes his first friend, learns to work for his keep and so on. The story worked, it wasn't cheesy, maybe because it was one of the first novels of that type, but the plot of Harvey "growing up" seemed just to be there so you will read the book. The characters were well developed except the cook, you never really figure out where he is coming from. Most of the book was about fishing of The Grand Banks, very interesting is you like fishing and ships, but if you are reading it for the story, there is not that much, the ending was also weak, we are happy the Harvey is reconciled, but I really think that his parents would make a bigger stink. Good historical value, Kipling is a very enjoyable writer, yes I liked it but the plot had some flaws. I do recommend it though.
 I loaned my copy of Dr. Streicher's book to my mother who thought she may need a hysterectomy.  My mother reported that Dr. Streicher's book had information on topics she couldn't find elsewhere -- even about laparoscopic procedures which she hadn't heard about before.  Dr. Streicher's book helped educate my mother so that she was an informed patient and knew what questions to ask her own doctor.  Fortunately, it was determined that my mother did not need to have a hyesterectomy.  My only problem with this book is getting my copy back from my mother.  I may need to purchase a new one.  I think it is a "must-have" for any woman 40+ -- even for men whose partners/spouses/girlfriends are facing this
 I was forced to read this book for my graduate studies and I found it surprisingly helpful.  By filling out a basic personality inventory, this book will tell you what &quot;style&quot; of worker you are and then how to deal with people of other &quot;styles.&quot;  I see this book being a hit with sales people who have to interact with many other people everyday.  But I can also see how this book could provide a foundation for learning how to work with other people in any environment.  If you are willing to make slight modifications to your personal behavior, this book gives you the skills to build great relationships.  I agree, however, with the previous reviewer's comments that this book does not go very deep, thus only 4 stars. Do not expect to change your boss into a nice guy just by reading this, but you can make your day-to-day dealings with him more enjoyable using these tactics.  (This is also an easy read... Took me 2 days!
 This book was a gift given to me by a friend years ago. I own and have read about twelve books on the topic. Out of all of them, this has been by far the best. By the end it feels like a journey inside yourself has taken place and you arrive to a new destination on your insides. The feel of the book is one of love and support. Not the self-centered type, or author as guru type that I have read in other books--this one has the experience of two professional therapists that shows itself in each chapter. It made a large difference in my struggle with an eating disorder that started at age 10. I am now 44.
 Classic book is great in dribble-proof format with good reproductions of the original illustrations.  Lots of squirming and hugging while reading this one
 Tapscott and Ticoll have written another very detailed, practical and profound book about business that shows their knack for zeroing in on the heart of a momentous change that is stirring in the world and explaining it all clearly and completely.  At the heart of The Naked Corporation is the notion that shareholders and other stakeholders are empowered by technology to know more and more about organizations faster and faster, which in turn greatly emboldens them to take action based on their new knowledge.  In other words, perhaps the old adage "there's one born every minute" needs updating.  They're still being born, but hopefully now only a few per hour?  Corporations "getting naked" can't be good news for marketing departments.  Their job can no longer be about creating a nice rosy image; companies and products must be the image - for real.  Yikes...David Brett, Founder, Knexa
 I read this book, loved it, and now want to make a movie of it. There is a local town that has a college, churches, and the overall atmosphere of the town. I felt like I was reading about it while I was going through the book.
 I bought this book to learn some simple things to fold in a Kindergarten I used to work in, and it was an instant success! I was sat at the table for hours folding frogs and boats to the kids, and they seemed to really enjoy the creations! This is a great book for parents and pre-school teachers, and it is a great way to learn  a little bit about geometry too. Some of the models are difficult to understand, but folding is about taking your time. A great way of finding a corner of peace in our rush-hour lifestyle
 Whitman is not the world's greatest poet - that's probably Shakespeare - but he's certainly been the most influential American poetic voice over the past century. He was the first poet to take all of American life as his subject. Ever the Romantic, Whitman was also the first poet to bring Romanticism into line with everyday reality.Whitman is not the world's greatest poet - that's probably Shakespeare - but he's certainly been the most influential American poetic voice over the past century. He was the first poet to take all of American life as his subject. Ever the Romantic, Whitman was also the first poet to bring Romanticism into line with everyday reality.His narcissism can be annoying, but his panoramic descriptions of life and the imagination have a singularly cumulative power.  Some of his short poems ("A Noiseless Patient Spider" and "To a Locomotive in Winter")are individually memorable. The longer poem "When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloomed," indirectly about the Lincoln assassination, is brilliant. I think most of his Civil War poems are overpraised, but "Come Up from the Fields, Father" is a masterpiece of its kind.His narcissism can be annoying, but his panoramic descriptions of life and the imagination have a singularly cumulative power.  Some of his short poems ("A Noiseless Patient Spider" and "To a Locomotive in Winter")are individually memorable. The longer poem "When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloomed," indirectly about the Lincoln assassination, is brilliant. I think most of his Civil War poems are overpraised, but "Come Up from the Fields, Father" is a masterpiece of its kind.On the negative side, Whitman's transcendental philosophy, which he likes to indulge at length, will strike many readers as very sappy.  His style, lots of details piled up on top of one another, grows monotonous, and readers who criticize his lack of traditional poetic craftsmanship cannot just be brushed off. My advice is to not to try to get through it all at once. The poems rarely become "difficult," they just tend to blur one into the other. Which may actually have been Whitman's intention.On the negative side, Whitman's transcendental philosophy, which he likes to indulge at length, will strike many readers as very sappy.  His style, lots of details piled up on top of one another, grows monotonous, and readers who criticize his lack of traditional poetic craftsmanship cannot just be brushed off. My advice is to not to try to get through it all at once. The poems rarely become "difficult," they just tend to blur one into the other. Which may actually have been Whitman's intention.Overall,there's never been a book quite like "Leaves of Grass," in any edition, and that's why it keeps selling as a true classic. In other words, a very old book that people still buy and read and enjoy even when no teacher is telling them to. Reading it will get you as close as one book can to actually living in nineteenth-century America, with all its follies, inequities, and promise
 I have been an information systems professional for several years now and I am happy to see that there is finally a focus on data as the asset it truly is.  If I could put &quot;certified data&quot; on the Balance sheet as a separate line item,  I would.  I have been reading your book &quot;Improving Data Warehouse and Business Information Quality&quot; over the past several weeks and I have this ear-to-ear grin that some peers find disturbing.  (Why does he get so excited about data?)  High Quality Data=success
 Os Guinness has a knack for taking difficult and complex subjects and capturing and presenting information that allows small chunks of the philosophy to be grasped and pondered deeply.  This book is no exception.  The fact that it is also a study guide is even more effective in delivering the message while directing the reader to several key questions to consider in each section. Os Guinness has a knack for taking difficult and complex subjects and capturing and presenting information that allows small chunks of the philosophy to be grasped and pondered deeply.  This book is no exception.  The fact that it is also a study guide is even more effective in delivering the message while directing the reader to several key questions to consider in each section. One of the best aspects of the book are the hundreds of quotes and essays, all around the central theme of the importance of character.  While our culture often acts to create an "end justifies the means" behavioral set, never before has character been so important, or so difficult to really practice and live.One of the best aspects of the book are the hundreds of quotes and essays, all around the central theme of the importance of character.  While our culture often acts to create an "end justifies the means" behavioral set, never before has character been so important, or so difficult to really practice and live.The book begins with some essays from famous leaders; from Plato to George Washington, Winston Churchill to Machiavelli, and compares and contrasts what each felt about the importance of character, and how it was to be demonstrated.  Much of the material is pretty well known, yet the ability to so easily read and discuss different styles and approaches is well worth the effort. The book begins with some essays from famous leaders; from Plato to George Washington, Winston Churchill to Machiavelli, and compares and contrasts what each felt about the importance of character, and how it was to be demonstrated.  Much of the material is pretty well known, yet the ability to so easily read and discuss different styles and approaches is well worth the effort. My favorite sections were on the "Cultural Erosions of Character" in which the many examples of how society pushes and changes the definition and meaning in life impacts what we define as important at all.  From advertising, to media, the pressure to conform is greater than ever, but in some ways has always existed.  My favorite sections were on the "Cultural Erosions of Character" in which the many examples of how society pushes and changes the definition and meaning in life impacts what we define as important at all.  From advertising, to media, the pressure to conform is greater than ever, but in some ways has always existed.  One of the best essay's in my opinion is called the "Revenge of Failure" wherein Henry Fairlie rips the "legend of our times", as envy at its worst.  No longer content to envy what others have and we do not, we now attempt to destroy in others that which we cannot achieve ourselves.  This process degrades talent and is a poor attempt to "buy" our way into importance not through the achievement of something remarkable, but through the tearing down of the remarkable achievement into something attainable.  Thus character becomes something that is no longer "earned".One of the best essay's in my opinion is called the "Revenge of Failure" wherein Henry Fairlie rips the "legend of our times", as envy at its worst.  No longer content to envy what others have and we do not, we now attempt to destroy in others that which we cannot achieve ourselves.  This process degrades talent and is a poor attempt to "buy" our way into importance not through the achievement of something remarkable, but through the tearing down of the remarkable achievement into something attainable.  Thus character becomes something that is no longer "earned".The sections on plastic surgery and other shifts into a looks based culture further erode the importance of character.  In this relentless and obsessed pursuit of the elusive perfection, the hunter becomes the hunted, and always loses in the battle to fight against aging and the myth of happiness in ones physical appearance.   Powerful depictions of how this societal pressure has claimed far too many who sacrifice character for fleeting and shallow appearance, are depicted with a convicting clarity.The sections on plastic surgery and other shifts into a looks based culture further erode the importance of character.  In this relentless and obsessed pursuit of the elusive perfection, the hunter becomes the hunted, and always loses in the battle to fight against aging and the myth of happiness in ones physical appearance.   Powerful depictions of how this societal pressure has claimed far too many who sacrifice character for fleeting and shallow appearance, are depicted with a convicting clarity.Overall, this is a very well done and thought provoking book.  As a study guide it would be ideal for small groups, or even personal reflections.  The book is so full of quotes and essays that it can be read at once, or in dozens of small bites with equal effectiveness.  Highly recommended.Overall, this is a very well done and thought provoking book.  As a study guide it would be ideal for small groups, or even personal reflections.  The book is so full of quotes and essays that it can be read at once, or in dozens of small bites with equal effectiveness.  Highly recommended.
 This book brings some of the items one read about in history classes to a more 'back channel' perspective.  Monroe Doctrine and the like are the opening situations, and instead of 'we put a blockade on German ship' it goes it to some of the things that happened to stop a war from breaking out
 I grew up reading and rereading this book, as did all the five children in my family. It's one of the very funniest books I know on the subject of families and their foibles. Shirley Jackson is so well known for her more macabre and adult writing that people are usually skeptical when I recommend this for its outstandingly intelligent humor. Once you read this you must also read Raising Demons, which is the sequel, and every bit as good, although much harder to find
 Read on if you are:Read on if you are:- Used to PHP programming, but not a very sophisticated programmer.- Looking out to do more programming on a higher level.- Ready to read through book texts three times and to read further material that is not included in the book you buy.- Ready to read through book texts three times and to read further material that is not included in the book you buy.Schlossnagle's book is not written along one red line, it covers various topics and allows jumping around quite freely. However, the topics that it covers are highly efficient in helping you advance with your programming skills. They might not quite be what you'd expect from a PHP book, because actually Schlossnagle covers  anything that is needed to work with PHP on a professional level.Consider this list of topics:Consider this list of topics:- Write clean code- OO-Design Patterns- Project documentation- Performance tunings- Performance tuningsThis is all not really PHP-only stuff, but it is a great source of inspiration and furthers the understanding of programming in general very much. The latter I find is necessary for everybody who's up to something bigger in PHP.This is all not really PHP-only stuff, but it is a great source of inspiration and furthers the understanding of programming in general very much. The latter I find is necessary for everybody who's up to something bigger in PHP.The PHP examples in the book are - I have to admit - maybe sometimes rather scarce. One would like to see more applications of abstract problems, more examples. But is that what a book is for, to give examples?I don't think so. For me a book is mainly a source of great ideas from great programmers, anything else is available on the web.I don't think so. For me a book is mainly a source of great ideas from great programmers, anything else is available on the web.After having bought "Advanced PHP Programming" I purchased other books, the topics of which I would not have considered without reading Schlossnagle's work. I'm just about to write a diploma work and the book is a great reference for anything concerning PHP and development projects
 I learnde so much from this book!  I laughed(yes!), I cried(not really), and I had the time of my life.  This is a great book.  I've only been around since the late 80s so a lot of jokes were kinda way above me.  But I still enjoyed it!  Herman's Armpits forever (har har
 Bruce Schneier offers an excellent 'big picture' overview of the computer security field. From types of attacks, to algorithm security to security in the context of your data center, you get a full overview of the current practices and consequences arising from them. The author argues for security as a process, not a product; security is not something you can add to your product after the fact. Starting from the product specification, down to your last outsourced programmer, security has to permeate your organization for it to work. Building 'attack trees', relying on peer review and enforcing liability are all suggestions advanced by Bruce Schneier. Bruce Schneier offers an excellent 'big picture' overview of the computer security field. From types of attacks, to algorithm security to security in the context of your data center, you get a full overview of the current practices and consequences arising from them. The author argues for security as a process, not a product; security is not something you can add to your product after the fact. Starting from the product specification, down to your last outsourced programmer, security has to permeate your organization for it to work. Building 'attack trees', relying on peer review and enforcing liability are all suggestions advanced by Bruce Schneier. Secrets and Lies is a well organized book with plenty of real world examples, problems and solutions. Buy a copy for yourself, and many more for everybody else you know, we will all benefit in the end. 
 This is a very handy little book to have for your medical library. It is easy to follow, has a nice index to look up your particular problem and doesn't bog the reader down with a huge history and medical jargon of accupressure. It has easy to use pictures too.I have used it already to help my annoying neck and shoulder pain!  Sure beats a $50.00 office visit (and most likely, a 3rd or 4th) to your doctor :
 This book is thrilling. You will learn of the first three minutes of our existence in this universe. Not only do you learn of what is believed to have happened during the first three minutes, but you will also learn the exciting story of how it was discovered. The book is written at a level that can be understood by the lay person.
 I have to tell you that this is better than the first! You just fall in love with gal pal Mavis in this one. (And continue to love her and Eve as the series goes on.) The series is one of the best I've ever read and I read a lot. Not may authors can compare. Hope the series continues for a long time.I have to tell you that this is better than the first! You just fall in love with gal pal Mavis in this one. (And continue to love her and Eve as the series goes on.) The series is one of the best I've ever read and I read a lot. Not may authors can compare. Hope the series continues for a long time.I have to tell you that this is better than the first! You just fall in love with gal pal Mavis in this one. (And continue to love her and Eve as the series goes on.) The series is one of the best I've ever read and I read a lot. Not may authors can compare. Hope the series continues for a long time.Reviewed by Rosanna Filippello Author of the Angelo Mysteries Series published by JustMyBest inc. Book One--Angel of Death, Book Two--Angelo of Justice  (Angel of Truth to be released Fall of 2005)www.detective-angelo-mysteries.com
 If you really want to know what to expect when you're expecting, read this book and Henci Goer's Thinking  Woman's Guide to a Better Birth.  If you'd  really like to remove yourself from the technobirth machine, read Ina May Gaskin's Ina May's Guide to Childbirth and Spiritual Midwifery.  If you've always thought you might want a natural birth, read Peggy O'Mara's Having a Baby, Naturally.  And remember this one thing:  If you really (really) want a natural, unmedicated birth, don't give birth in a hospital
 For most of us, the area of thanatology is something quite new, despite the fact that death is such an intimate "companion" that can come at any moment of our lives, whether by degrees or instantaneously, irrelevant of our ethnic, social and economic backgrounds. It is a plain truth that can not be avoided, and no technological advancements can make it go away. I would personally like to consider death as the ultimate best friend who would never desert you, despite what your feelings may be. And as a child has the innocent ablity to humanize a doll or a toy soldier, the adult must equally do so with death, not shy away from it and be totally uncommunicative to what it means: the total cessation of physical life, for if one denys its existence and its inevitability, the person could not only suffer from added unnecessary physical heartache, but he or she could also augment the physical stress with mental, spiritual and religious grief as well. Submission to and acceptance of the truth, no matter how difficult it would be to hear, could be the highest catharsis that medicine could not come close to healing. In Elizabeth Kubler-Ross's classic study of the dying process, she interviews patients of various age brackets who teach the living what dying means to them. But even though the experience is individualistic to that specific person, the process of dying has a universality to it which connects us all. Hence, how do you take the sting from the wound? In On Death and Dying, you remove the sting by communication and by simply being there to let the patient say what he or she has to say, to let them vent, and at their own pace, go through the classic defined stages of the dying process: denial and isolation, anger, bargaining, depression and acceptance. The patients become our teachers. We learn of their fears, their possible financial burdens, in one woman's case, the fear of the worms, et cetera. But we also learn about what the families go through, their own anger and disbelief and guilt. It is about pacing and the opening up of repressed fear for all the people involved. Sometimes there is cohesion in the shock and anger, other times not. The United States is one of the most death-denying countries out there, a fact most evident with plastic surgery on the rise and chiseled bodies to reverse the aging process, for going foward means only one thing: death. Ross's overall message is that death does not have to be and is not the horror that we all think it is, the grim reaper with the skeletal hand and the sharpened scythe. Death has issues for everybody, doctors, faith-filled people, even Ross heself. It is a step that we are all going to take sooner or later. But it is comforting to know that we are all in it together.   For most of us, the area of thanatology is something quite new, despite the fact that death is such an intimate "companion" that can come at any moment of our lives, whether by degrees or instantaneously, irrelevant of our ethnic, social and economic backgrounds. It is a plain truth that can not be avoided, and no technological advancements can make it go away. I would personally like to consider death as the ultimate best friend who would never desert you, despite what your feelings may be. And as a child has the innocent ablity to humanize a doll or a toy soldier, the adult must equally do so with death, not shy away from it and be totally uncommunicative to what it means: the total cessation of physical life, for if one denys its existence and its inevitability, the person could not only suffer from added unnecessary physical heartache, but he or she could also augment the physical stress with mental, spiritual and religious grief as well. Submission to and acceptance of the truth, no matter how difficult it would be to hear, could be the highest catharsis that medicine could not come close to healing. In Elizabeth Kubler-Ross's classic study of the dying process, she interviews patients of various age brackets who teach the living what dying means to them. But even though the experience is individualistic to that specific person, the process of dying has a universality to it which connects us all. Hence, how do you take the sting from the wound? In On Death and Dying, you remove the sting by communication and by simply being there to let the patient say what he or she has to say, to let them vent, and at their own pace, go through the classic defined stages of the dying process: denial and isolation, anger, bargaining, depression and acceptance. The patients become our teachers. We learn of their fears, their possible financial burdens, in one woman's case, the fear of the worms, et cetera. But we also learn about what the families go through, their own anger and disbelief and guilt. It is about pacing and the opening up of repressed fear for all the people involved. Sometimes there is cohesion in the shock and anger, other times not. The United States is one of the most death-denying countries out there, a fact most evident with plastic surgery on the rise and chiseled bodies to reverse the aging process, for going foward means only one thing: death. Ross's overall message is that death does not have to be and is not the horror that we all think it is, the grim reaper with the skeletal hand and the sharpened scythe. Death has issues for everybody, doctors, faith-filled people, even Ross heself. It is a step that we are all going to take sooner or later. But it is comforting to know that we are all in it together.   For most of us, the area of thanatology is something quite new, despite the fact that death is such an intimate "companion" that can come at any moment of our lives, whether by degrees or instantaneously, irrelevant of our ethnic, social and economic backgrounds. It is a plain truth that can not be avoided, and no technological advancements can make it go away. I would personally like to consider death as the ultimate best friend who would never desert you, despite what your feelings may be. And as a child has the innocent ablity to humanize a doll or a toy soldier, the adult must equally do so with death, not shy away from it and be totally uncommunicative to what it means: the total cessation of physical life, for if one denys its existence and its inevitability, the person could not only suffer from added unnecessary physical heartache, but he or she could also augment the physical stress with mental, spiritual and religious grief as well. Submission to and acceptance of the truth, no matter how difficult it would be to hear, could be the highest catharsis that medicine could not come close to healing. In Elizabeth Kubler-Ross's classic study of the dying process, she interviews patients of various age brackets who teach the living what dying means to them. But even though the experience is individualistic to that specific person, the process of dying has a universality to it which connects us all. Hence, how do you take the sting from the wound? In On Death and Dying, you remove the sting by communication and by simply being there to let the patient say what he or she has to say, to let them vent, and at their own pace, go through the classic defined stages of the dying process: denial and isolation, anger, bargaining, depression and acceptance. The patients become our teachers. We learn of their fears, their possible financial burdens, in one woman's case, the fear of the worms, et cetera. But we also learn about what the families go through, their own anger and disbelief and guilt. It is about pacing and the opening up of repressed fear for all the people involved. Sometimes there is cohesion in the shock and anger, other times not. The United States is one of the most death-denying countries out there, a fact most evident with plastic surgery on the rise and chiseled bodies to reverse the aging process, for going foward means only one thing: death. Ross's overall message is that death does not have to be and is not the horror that we all think it is, the grim reaper with the skeletal hand and the sharpened scythe. Death has issues for everybody, doctors, faith-filled people, even Ross heself. It is a step that we are all going to take sooner or later. But it is comforting to know that we are all in it together.   
 I enjoyed Robert Webber's book and have enjoyed hearing him speak as well. At a recent speaking engagement he echoed my own concern over the "fate" of the church in America. So much "commodification" has happened in the church that one wonders if anyone knows what it truly means to be "ecclesia"? Although I agree with much of what he says and am part of a liturgical church (The Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod which utilizes the church calendar and has had a strong emphasis on liturgy - - - the church body which Webber received his doctorate from), my question is are we truly called to "change" the church in order to meet the people where they are at? I agree with his assessments yet I question the reasonings behind doing it. Do we begin to emphasize certain things to the demise of others, just because the culture would be more "prone" to come to the church? Or does the church remain faithful to its calling despite the changing tides of culture? Our self-centered culture always asks the question "What does this mean for me?", and this has been a active question in the church for sometime. I believe the question that we should be asking is how does God give meaning to me, or what do I mean to God? Our focus needs to be off of ourselves and onto the Lord of the cosmos
 I find it difficult to rate and review parenting books with such specific agendas, such as The Continuum Concept.  I fear that alone this book would render a nervous, new mother terrified of failure!  I am wary of books that pretend there is only one way to raise every child.  That said, I adore text that encourages instinctual, intuitive parenting.  Coupled with the dozens of other parenting guides I have read (from all spectrums), The Continuum Concept is a very valuable book. 
 It is quite rare that a book appears that is this good; but this book is so good that even men (I am male) can (i.e. should) enjoy it. A groundbreaking, unabashedly feminist (wo)manifesto, The Vagina Monologues has given voice to countless women in the past ten years, and has ushered in a new era of sexual liberation. If you are still incredulous, ask yourself how many books published hitherto so much as had the word 'vagina', let alone all the facts thereabout in it? A wonderful book
 For those who love historical texts, but sometimes have a hard time weeding thru the period language, overly technical jargon and miles of microfiche, this book is a real blessing. The author not only deals with the methods of tracking, chasing and boarding prey, but goes happily in-depth about the people who follow the "sweet trade". He covers the buccaneer lifestyle on land as well as at sea, the events leading up to their rise in influence in the Caribbean, and goes into clothing, food, religion, heirarchy, weapons, flags,choice of ships and cultural relationships.I picked up this book primarily to confirm or disprove my theories on individual weapons combat during boarding actions and while the techniques are not played up in any great detail,citing the use of powder and grenades over cutlass and knife, the reasonings behind what weapons were used and how unorthodox hand to hand combat could be in closed quarters are sound.Overall a very enjoyable and informative book!Overall a very enjoyable and informative book!Gareth ThomasDirector; Historical Maritime Combat Associatio
 With the hype over the Da Vinci Code and its related popularity, you can sometimes get the feeling that some people probably think the grand conspiracy novel started with Dan Brown.  Of course, this is not the case, as Brown is merely one in a long line of such thriller writers.  Probably the biggest in the bunch was Robert Ludlum, but not to be forgotten is Jon Land.  Not quite the big name that Ludlum or Brown, Land is nonetheless the most pure fun, with outlandish plots and tons of action.With the hype over the Da Vinci Code and its related popularity, you can sometimes get the feeling that some people probably think the grand conspiracy novel started with Dan Brown.  Of course, this is not the case, as Brown is merely one in a long line of such thriller writers.  Probably the biggest in the bunch was Robert Ludlum, but not to be forgotten is Jon Land.  Not quite the big name that Ludlum or Brown, Land is nonetheless the most pure fun, with outlandish plots and tons of action.The Last Prophecy brings back Danielle Barnea, an ex-Israeli cop and Ben Kamal, a former Palestinian detective.  Despite the obvious conflicts caused by their different backgrounds, the two are faithful lovers and, as the novel begins, both working as investigators for the U.N.  In this case, the two are called to look into a mass murder in a Palestinian village.  At first, it appears to be a massacre by Israeli troops, but it soon enough appears to be something far more sinister, a conspiracy tied to events uncovered at the World War II and some lost prophecies of Nostradamus.  The last of these prophecies provides the key to the conspiracy.The Last Prophecy brings back Danielle Barnea, an ex-Israeli cop and Ben Kamal, a former Palestinian detective.  Despite the obvious conflicts caused by their different backgrounds, the two are faithful lovers and, as the novel begins, both working as investigators for the U.N.  In this case, the two are called to look into a mass murder in a Palestinian village.  At first, it appears to be a massacre by Israeli troops, but it soon enough appears to be something far more sinister, a conspiracy tied to events uncovered at the World War II and some lost prophecies of Nostradamus.  The last of these prophecies provides the key to the conspiracy.Land uses his standard formula for his Barnea/Kamal novels:  the two split up for the majority of the book to separately unearth parts of the plot only to converge at the end to stop the bad guys.  Typically, the people who provide the information are assassinated by the villains before they can reveal all.  This formula works well enough since Land executes it well (and really, Brown and Ludlum use a similar formula themselves).Land uses his standard formula for his Barnea/Kamal novels:  the two split up for the majority of the book to separately unearth parts of the plot only to converge at the end to stop the bad guys.  Typically, the people who provide the information are assassinated by the villains before they can reveal all.  This formula works well enough since Land executes it well (and really, Brown and Ludlum use a similar formula themselves).I won't say this is perfect writing, but it's plenty good enough to merit a strong four stars.  My biggest "problem" with Land is that he is only writing books featuring Barnea and Kamal; I miss his older novels with Blaine McCracken, which were even more delightfully outlandish with their James Bond-like world conquest plots.  But in the absence of McCracken, this series still fits the bill for what Land does best: entertain from beginning to end.
  I made 4 dishes from the book for my girlfriends and all of the recipes were a huge hit.  The carmelized onion and spinach dip was amazing as well as the tomato and ginger soup.  I especially like the 'buy and arrange' features  which give you clever stylish ideas for easy dishes to throw together if you don't have alot of time. No more 3 course meals for me, I'm going all appetizers.
 Note to reviewers - the title of the book was a play on Hillary claiming that there was a "vast right wing conspiracy" against her husband in the Monica scandal - she and others stridently argued that the attacks on her husband were due to a right wing conspiracy (right up until the stains on the little black dress ruined everything).Note to reviewers - the title of the book was a play on Hillary claiming that there was a "vast right wing conspiracy" against her husband in the Monica scandal - she and others stridently argued that the attacks on her husband were due to a right wing conspiracy (right up until the stains on the little black dress ruined everything).This is an excellent non-polemical book that sets out the steps taken by the left to unseat Bush. I watched from Canada and monthly visits to the US (business) and the book accurately reflects what was going on (rightly or wrongly) at the time. This is an excellent non-polemical book that sets out the steps taken by the left to unseat Bush. I watched from Canada and monthly visits to the US (business) and the book accurately reflects what was going on (rightly or wrongly) at the time. It describes how a loose linkage of the media, Hollywood, pop stars, MoveOn.org (Soros), academia, Kerry spinmeisters and the intelligentsia on the left and right coasts self organized to bring down Bush and the GOP.It describes how a loose linkage of the media, Hollywood, pop stars, MoveOn.org (Soros), academia, Kerry spinmeisters and the intelligentsia on the left and right coasts self organized to bring down Bush and the GOP.It is a good read and ties together many of the disparate threads into a reasonably accurate picture. Perhaps the book can be faulted - hence only 4 stars - because there certainly was strident activity on the right too. Limbaugh, Hannity and O'Reilly, of course, doing their thing although not with the power of the mainstream media and Hollywood behind them.It is a good read and ties together many of the disparate threads into a reasonably accurate picture. Perhaps the book can be faulted - hence only 4 stars - because there certainly was strident activity on the right too. Limbaugh, Hannity and O'Reilly, of course, doing their thing although not with the power of the mainstream media and Hollywood behind them.For me the interesting theme he points out is the self organizing nature of the endeavour driven by an almost irrational loathing of Bush.  Recall many Hollywood gliterrati threatening to move to Canada if Bush was elected. For me the interesting theme he points out is the self organizing nature of the endeavour driven by an almost irrational loathing of Bush.  Recall many Hollywood gliterrati threatening to move to Canada if Bush was elected. I'm editorializing here - but it does seem strange that some reviewers - notably one from the UK - use this site as a platform for gross anti-US, anti-Bush remarks rather than taking the time to actually critique the book in question
 Devoted entirely to coming to Amazon to trash conservative books? I see the same names here I saw for Kate O'Bierne's book, Tony Blankley's book, Michelle Malkin's books, David Limbaugh's books...you get the idea. And most of your reviews say almost the exact same thing, too. You'd think SOME of you would aim for creativity, especially when you're accusing Republicans of being mindless automatons.Devoted entirely to coming to Amazon to trash conservative books? I see the same names here I saw for Kate O'Bierne's book, Tony Blankley's book, Michelle Malkin's books, David Limbaugh's books...you get the idea. And most of your reviews say almost the exact same thing, too. You'd think SOME of you would aim for creativity, especially when you're accusing Republicans of being mindless automatons.That said, York's research is impeccable, and anyone who paid attention to the last Presidential election knows EXACTLY how hard George Soros, Hollywood, et al. worked to push Kerry through, from Cameron Diaz's teary "If you want rape to be legal, don't vote" lunacy on Oprah to the dollars moveon.org spent demonizing the Swiftboat vets. No one works harder than the Left to silence dissenting opinion and hide the truth. It's because of books like this one, conservative talk radio, and Fox News that conservatives finally have a voice in this country, and the left hasn't had to debate for so long, they've forgotten how.That said, York's research is impeccable, and anyone who paid attention to the last Presidential election knows EXACTLY how hard George Soros, Hollywood, et al. worked to push Kerry through, from Cameron Diaz's teary "If you want rape to be legal, don't vote" lunacy on Oprah to the dollars moveon.org spent demonizing the Swiftboat vets. No one works harder than the Left to silence dissenting opinion and hide the truth. It's because of books like this one, conservative talk radio, and Fox News that conservatives finally have a voice in this country, and the left hasn't had to debate for so long, they've forgotten how.To anyone looking for truthful, incisive commentary on how far the Left has gone to demonize and destroy Bush, how much time, money, and effort they've wasted to obstruct him at every turn, regardless of whether the policy in question would benefit the country, this is an excellent book. If you're a mind-numbed leftist automaton that opposes everything purely on unquestioning ideological grounds--well, I guess I'll be seeing your reviews on the next conservative bestseller, won't I
 A moving and inspiring portrait of men most people will never know about but will always be remembered by those touched by their deeds and courage in places we don't remember much anymore. I am thankful for the sacrifice they made so I could freely write this
 Since so many others have outlined the general plot of this story (huge lawsuit against a hospital; suspicious deaths that may or may not have been committed by a doctor) I'll simply leave a brief comment.  Although the story isn't all that complicated, it was still a quick, enjoyable read--and the ending was one I didn't see coming.  Please be aware, though, that THE 5TH HORSEMAN is NOT an Alex Cross novel, which seemed to be one reviewer's complaint.  This is the story of Lindsay Boxer, SFPD Lieutenant and her fellow Women's Murder Club friends.  I found the story to be heartfelt and emotional, full of action-adventure, and, as I said, a very quick, satisfying read
 Glantz punctures both left and right in this balanced analysis of what has gone wrong in Iraq. A powerful story that should be required reading for politicians and political groupies of all leanings
 As a parent, child and family therapist and school counselor I have seen Positive Discipline concepts change the lives of parents and children alike.  We are all searching for a way to raise our children that allows them to develop the long-term life skills of confidence, responsibility, contribution and the ability to solve problems.  The schools that teach these skills in addition to academics have students that perform better in school and in life.  Using Positive Discipline will actually save you time in the classroom, and make your job and relationships with your students much more enjoyable.As a parent, child and family therapist and school counselor I have seen Positive Discipline concepts change the lives of parents and children alike.  We are all searching for a way to raise our children that allows them to develop the long-term life skills of confidence, responsibility, contribution and the ability to solve problems.  The schools that teach these skills in addition to academics have students that perform better in school and in life.  Using Positive Discipline will actually save you time in the classroom, and make your job and relationships with your students much more enjoyable.
 As a parent, child and family therapist and school counselor I have seen Positive Discipline concepts change the lives of parents and children alike.  We are all searching for a way to raise our children that allows them to develop the long-term life skills of confidence, responsibility, contribution and the ability to solve problems.  The schools that teach these skills in addition to academics have students that perform better in school and in life.  Using Positive Discipline will actually save you time in the classroom, and make your job and relationships with your students much more enjoyable.Rabbi Harold S. Kushner is one of the best known authors of our time, having written the classic book, When Bad Things Happen to Good People.  This, his ninth book, was one of the top ten best selling religious books of the past year.  As the title indicates, it is a study of Psalm 23, certainly the most beloved of all of the Psalms.  Dr. Kushner writes with a pastor's heart and a special eye toward the healing wisdom to be found in that portion of God's Word.Rabbi Harold S. Kushner is one of the best known authors of our time, having written the classic book, When Bad Things Happen to Good People.  This, his ninth book, was one of the top ten best selling religious books of the past year.  As the title indicates, it is a study of Psalm 23, certainly the most beloved of all of the Psalms.  Dr. Kushner writes with a pastor's heart and a special eye toward the healing wisdom to be found in that portion of God's Word.If you are looking for a book about putting your spiritual life into meaningful practice, you might wish to read this book.  It is filled with inspiration and encouragement for an ongoing trusting relationship with God.  Kushner takes each phrase of the Psalm as his chapter headings, and verse by verse, provides insight and practical suggestions for how to make these truths come alive each day.If you are looking for a book about putting your spiritual life into meaningful practice, you might wish to read this book.  It is filled with inspiration and encouragement for an ongoing trusting relationship with God.  Kushner takes each phrase of the Psalm as his chapter headings, and verse by verse, provides insight and practical suggestions for how to make these truths come alive each day.Throughout the book, Kushner utilizes his vast knowledge of the original Hebrew text to help the reader understand the nuances of the words such as "soul" and "cup".  He explains the nuances of what the soul is and why the soul needs nourishing.  He states, "The world asks so much of us.  We give ourselves so totally to our work, to the task of raising our family and running a home that we often forget to take time to nourish our souls..." (page 61).Throughout the book, Kushner utilizes his vast knowledge of the original Hebrew text to help the reader understand the nuances of the words such as "soul" and "cup".  He explains the nuances of what the soul is and why the soul needs nourishing.  He states, "The world asks so much of us.  We give ourselves so totally to our work, to the task of raising our family and running a home that we often forget to take time to nourish our souls..." (page 61).The fact that God helps us "feel safe in an unsafe world" (page 50) is the Psalmist's theme, repeated and emphasized in every line.  Drawing from the world of science and literature, art and great works of theology, this deceptively small book is filled with encouragement and blessing.The fact that God helps us "feel safe in an unsafe world" (page 50) is the Psalmist's theme, repeated and emphasized in every line.  Drawing from the world of science and literature, art and great works of theology, this deceptively small book is filled with encouragement and blessing.Occasionally, Christians forgo reading Jewish authors, forgetting that Judaism is the forerunner of our own faith in Jesus Christ.  That would be a mistake.  For, here, we have a work that is sacred to both of our traditions, presented by an acclaimed author, dedicated scholar and proven congregational leader.  Dr. Kushner is Rabbi Laureate of Temple Israel in Natick, Massachusetts.  He has been honored by the Christophers as one of fifty people who have made the world a better place and by Religion in American Life as their Clergyman of the Year in 1999.  This is a book to read, give and savor over time.Occasionally, Christians forgo reading Jewish authors, forgetting that Judaism is the forerunner of our own faith in Jesus Christ.  That would be a mistake.  For, here, we have a work that is sacred to both of our traditions, presented by an acclaimed author, dedicated scholar and proven congregational leader.  Dr. Kushner is Rabbi Laureate of Temple Israel in Natick, Massachusetts.  He has been honored by the Christophers as one of fifty people who have made the world a better place and by Religion in American Life as their Clergyman of the Year in 1999.  This is a book to read, give and savor over time.If you find this review helpful you might want to read some of my other reviews, including those on subjects ranging from biography to architecture, as well as religion and fiction.
 I have long been aware of the commercial success of author Nora Roberts but the storylines and writing style (a genre often characterized as romantic suspense with apparent emphasis on the romance) have never tempted me to read any of her work. However, I happened to pick up a copy of volume #21 (depending on how you count anthology inclusions) in the .... IN DEATH series written under the pen name J.D. Robb and was immediately intrigued by its premise of a futuristic police procedural series (the year is 2058) with a strong central character (Detective Lieutenant Eve Dallas) who had a continuing romantic interest (the mysterious Irish billionaire Roarke). I have long enjoyed the Spenser series by Robert Parker and the ensemble cast of Ed McBain's 87th Precinct novels; the reward of finding another such series to enjoy would only be increased by some speculation thrown into the mix regarding the future direction of science in the aid of police work as well as speculation concerning the evolution of New York City, an area very familiar to me. I was immediately hooked by SURVIVOR IN DEATH and despite some minor criticisms gave it a five star review (3/30/2005). I read ORIGIN IN DEATH, the next book in the series, as soon as it was released and also enjoyed it sufficiently to rate it five stars as well (7/26/2005). As with other series which I have enjoyed, I then decided to read some of the earlier books to fill in the backstory and see how the characters have evolved. I have long been aware of the commercial success of author Nora Roberts but the storylines and writing style (a genre often characterized as romantic suspense with apparent emphasis on the romance) have never tempted me to read any of her work. However, I happened to pick up a copy of volume #21 (depending on how you count anthology inclusions) in the .... IN DEATH series written under the pen name J.D. Robb and was immediately intrigued by its premise of a futuristic police procedural series (the year is 2058) with a strong central character (Detective Lieutenant Eve Dallas) who had a continuing romantic interest (the mysterious Irish billionaire Roarke). I have long enjoyed the Spenser series by Robert Parker and the ensemble cast of Ed McBain's 87th Precinct novels; the reward of finding another such series to enjoy would only be increased by some speculation thrown into the mix regarding the future direction of science in the aid of police work as well as speculation concerning the evolution of New York City, an area very familiar to me. I was immediately hooked by SURVIVOR IN DEATH and despite some minor criticisms gave it a five star review (3/30/2005). I read ORIGIN IN DEATH, the next book in the series, as soon as it was released and also enjoyed it sufficiently to rate it five stars as well (7/26/2005). As with other series which I have enjoyed, I then decided to read some of the earlier books to fill in the backstory and see how the characters have evolved. In my opinion, the early stories in the series can best be labeled transition novels as romance author Roberts attempts to transform herself into mystery writer Robb. My recent three star review (11/29/2005) of NAKED IN DEATH, the initial book in the series, discusses the specific positives and negatives of that attempt, so I will not go into detail again here. And in summary, I found this book a much better police procedural although with the major flaw that it seemed a little too obvious that Eve's pursuit of her initial suspect (although logical) would turn out to be a diversion from her identification of the real killer. I so greatly enjoyed Susan Ericksen's audio rendition (unabridged CD) of that book that I also chose to listen to the audio version of this novel; I highly recommend her narration as likely to add to your enjoyment of the story. In my opinion, the early stories in the series can best be labeled transition novels as romance author Roberts attempts to transform herself into mystery writer Robb. My recent three star review (11/29/2005) of NAKED IN DEATH, the initial book in the series, discusses the specific positives and negatives of that attempt, so I will not go into detail again here. And in summary, I found this book a much better police procedural although with the major flaw that it seemed a little too obvious that Eve's pursuit of her initial suspect (although logical) would turn out to be a diversion from her identification of the real killer. I so greatly enjoyed Susan Ericksen's audio rendition (unabridged CD) of that book that I also chose to listen to the audio version of this novel; I highly recommend her narration as likely to add to your enjoyment of the story. A wonderfully apt Dryden quotation concerning fame and death opens this story; then Lt. Eve Dallas is discovered at the scene of a shocking homicide. Prosecuting Attorney Cicely Towers, a powerful and widely recognized star in the District attorney's office and a woman with whom Eve has dealt on occasion, has been found with her throat brutally slashed in a nasty neighborhood far from her office and her home late one night. The final appointment in her datebook is for an earlier dinner with her good friend and long time lover George Hammett; Eve quickly establishes that she arrived safely home and subsequently received a mystery call of which she made no record but which obviously drew her to the scene of her death. Eve's investigation is complicated by the close friendship of Cicely's ex-husband Marco Angelini and their adult children (David and Marina) with her boss, Commander Whitney and his increasing concern as Eve's investigation concentrates on the family. Eve discovers that both David Angelini and Marina's fiance Randall Slade have financial problems which could provide a motive for murder; as additional damaging background information surfaces she appears to be on a collision course with Whitney's understandable concern both for these children who have suffered the tragic loss of their mother; in addition, the stress increases when it appears that the friendship Whitney's wife with the family may lead to her potential involvement as a material witness. Finally, a further complication which brings into question Dallas' objectivity is the revelation that the Angelini family, Cicely Towers and Eve's lover Roarke are are partners in a business venture.A wonderfully apt Dryden quotation concerning fame and death opens this story; then Lt. Eve Dallas is discovered at the scene of a shocking homicide. Prosecuting Attorney Cicely Towers, a powerful and widely recognized star in the District attorney's office and a woman with whom Eve has dealt on occasion, has been found with her throat brutally slashed in a nasty neighborhood far from her office and her home late one night. The final appointment in her datebook is for an earlier dinner with her good friend and long time lover George Hammett; Eve quickly establishes that she arrived safely home and subsequently received a mystery call of which she made no record but which obviously drew her to the scene of her death. Eve's investigation is complicated by the close friendship of Cicely's ex-husband Marco Angelini and their adult children (David and Marina) with her boss, Commander Whitney and his increasing concern as Eve's investigation concentrates on the family. Eve discovers that both David Angelini and Marina's fiance Randall Slade have financial problems which could provide a motive for murder; as additional damaging background information surfaces she appears to be on a collision course with Whitney's understandable concern both for these children who have suffered the tragic loss of their mother; in addition, the stress increases when it appears that the friendship Whitney's wife with the family may lead to her potential involvement as a material witness. Finally, a further complication which brings into question Dallas' objectivity is the revelation that the Angelini family, Cicely Towers and Eve's lover Roarke are are partners in a business venture.Additional murders soon occur which bear the signature trademark of the killer, and media pressure intensifies on Eve given the visible lack of progress in her investigation and the antipathy which she has evoked in C.J. Morse, who coanchors the evening news with her friend Nadine Furst. Eve is infuriated by C.J.'s actions and yet knows that in fact the only effective way to silence the slimeball's continual attempts to denigrate her investigatory skills during his broadcasts is identify and catch the murderer. Meanwhile, Eve is also involved in establishing the boundaries in her relationship with Roarke, both with regard to their personal lives and when his aid might be appropriate in her police investigation. After several twists, including one diversion which I had not anticipated, the story suddenly rockets towards a violent climax which it is not clear that all the central characters will survive.Additional murders soon occur which bear the signature trademark of the killer, and media pressure intensifies on Eve given the visible lack of progress in her investigation and the antipathy which she has evoked in C.J. Morse, who coanchors the evening news with her friend Nadine Furst. Eve is infuriated by C.J.'s actions and yet knows that in fact the only effective way to silence the slimeball's continual attempts to denigrate her investigatory skills during his broadcasts is identify and catch the murderer. Meanwhile, Eve is also involved in establishing the boundaries in her relationship with Roarke, both with regard to their personal lives and when his aid might be appropriate in her police investigation. After several twists, including one diversion which I had not anticipated, the story suddenly rockets towards a violent climax which it is not clear that all the central characters will survive.In addition to Roarke, Commander Whitney, Lt. Dallas, and reporter Nadine Furst, this story contains all the series characters introduced in the first volume including Dr. Mira and the unique irrepressible Mavis Freestone and Summerset, all of whom play relatively minor roles in this narrative. Finally, the reader is introduced to Patrol(wo)man Peabody, whose observational skills in her relatively minor role in this case commend her to Eve. She will eventually become both Eve's good friend and partner on subsequent cases and their complementary styles and skills will combine with their dedication to speaking for the dead and their loved ones will serve them well. In addition to Roarke, Commander Whitney, Lt. Dallas, and reporter Nadine Furst, this story contains all the series characters introduced in the first volume including Dr. Mira and the unique irrepressible Mavis Freestone and Summerset, all of whom play relatively minor roles in this narrative. Finally, the reader is introduced to Patrol(wo)man Peabody, whose observational skills in her relatively minor role in this case commend her to Eve. She will eventually become both Eve's good friend and partner on subsequent cases and their complementary styles and skills will combine with their dedication to speaking for the dead and their loved ones will serve them well. If you plan to read several volumes of the series, I strongly suggest that you start with NAKED IN DEATH and then read this book even though they are inferior to the two later books which I have read. The later books include details concerning the mysteries of Roarke's and Dallas' childhood backgrounds and the impact on their individual lives which provide a context that I would have preferred to have gradually unfold as I completed the series in the sequence which the author intended. And certainly, if you want a romance/detective story then read NASKED IN DEATH. While this book still had some steamy sequences much more typical of Nora Robert's novels than the later stories in this sequence, they were much more infrequent and better integrated into the story. However, if you only plan to sample a few stories in the series, then I strongly suggest that you skip the early books and concentrate on some of the later novels, including either of the two which I mention at the beginning of this review. The characters and their relationships are much more developed as the series progresses and the plots are also more complex. Meanwhile, I plan to continue to pursue the dual goal of reading each of the new releases as they occur while gradually filling in my knowledge of Dallas' past cases.If you plan to read several volumes of the series, I strongly suggest that you start with NAKED IN DEATH and then read this book even though they are inferior to the two later books which I have read. The later books include details concerning the mysteries of Roarke's and Dallas' childhood backgrounds and the impact on their individual lives which provide a context that I would have preferred to have gradually unfold as I completed the series in the sequence which the author intended. And certainly, if you want a romance/detective story then read NASKED IN DEATH. While this book still had some steamy sequences much more typical of Nora Robert's novels than the later stories in this sequence, they were much more infrequent and better integrated into the story. However, if you only plan to sample a few stories in the series, then I strongly suggest that you skip the early books and concentrate on some of the later novels, including either of the two which I mention at the beginning of this review. The characters and their relationships are much more developed as the series progresses and the plots are also more complex. Meanwhile, I plan to continue to pursue the dual goal of reading each of the new releases as they occur while gradually filling in my knowledge of Dallas' past cases.Tucker Anderse
 This is a reader that covers the various theories of nationalism as well as varieties of nationalism itself. This makes it a largely indispensable supplement, handbook and reference work for anyone interested in nationalism. This is particularly true today as the scholarship on this social phenomenon continues to grow unabated, and since it is patently obvious that nationalism hardly seems about to disappear. The reader contains important extracts from the major works on nationalism by some of the most important early theorists such as Renan, Max Weber and Stalin (although the views of Marx and Engels themselves or Lord Acton and Friedrich Meinecke would have been welcome additions) and almost all of the most important contemporary scholars (Gellner, Anderson, Connor, A. Smith, etc.). The texts are well-selected and organized, and it really contributes to making a very complex subject and a daunting field of scholarship seem a little easier to grasp
 If you are just starting out on photography, I highly recommend this book. It begins immediately on the first chapter on picture making! For this reason alone, I would give it 5 stars. Here in the first chapter, the authors wasted no time to tell you what makes good pictures: the photographer, not the equipment. They then proceed to explain why the majority of our pictures (at least, the rest of us non-professionals) turn out unflattering despite our best efforts and high-tech cameras. If you are just starting out on photography, I highly recommend this book. It begins immediately on the first chapter on picture making! For this reason alone, I would give it 5 stars. Here in the first chapter, the authors wasted no time to tell you what makes good pictures: the photographer, not the equipment. They then proceed to explain why the majority of our pictures (at least, the rest of us non-professionals) turn out unflattering despite our best efforts and high-tech cameras. If you read nothing else but the first chapter alone, I would bet that your photography will already begin to improve. Or if not, the first chapter will at least inspire you to try the suggestions and see the result yourself. In fact, even if all you have is a humble point and shoot film camera, the things they teach in the first chapter are still totally valid, as the principles of good photography remains the same whether you use film or digital.If you read nothing else but the first chapter alone, I would bet that your photography will already begin to improve. Or if not, the first chapter will at least inspire you to try the suggestions and see the result yourself. In fact, even if all you have is a humble point and shoot film camera, the things they teach in the first chapter are still totally valid, as the principles of good photography remains the same whether you use film or digital.The next chapters give details about camera operations, how to creatively use camera controls, and another great topic, how to tackle different photographic subjects. Just what I needed! I like the chapter on how to process you own film in black and white. Although I'll probably not dive into it, this chapter gives you good grounding on the grassroots of photography.The next chapters give details about camera operations, how to creatively use camera controls, and another great topic, how to tackle different photographic subjects. Just what I needed! I like the chapter on how to process you own film in black and white. Although I'll probably not dive into it, this chapter gives you good grounding on the grassroots of photography.Other good stuff inside:Other good stuff inside:1. Projects at the end of most every chapter. I dare you to do all the project at chapter one and tell me if it will not improve your understanding of what makes a good picture!1. Projects at the end of most every chapter. I dare you to do all the project at chapter one and tell me if it will not improve your understanding of what makes a good picture!2. Information on digital aspect of photography. Although I shoot film slr, I know that one day, I'll want a digital slr so the info on it is nice.2. Information on digital aspect of photography. Although I shoot film slr, I know that one day, I'll want a digital slr so the info on it is nice.3. All the illustative pictures are ones that can be done by amateurs! In keeping with the beginner's purpose, this is intentional on the part of the authors. If you are looking for award winning photos or famous photographers, you wont find it here. But the pictures in the book are beautiful in their own right and they drive home the points taught. 3. All the illustative pictures are ones that can be done by amateurs! In keeping with the beginner's purpose, this is intentional on the part of the authors. If you are looking for award winning photos or famous photographers, you wont find it here. But the pictures in the book are beautiful in their own right and they drive home the points taught. 4. Modest studio lighting you can create yourself! The principles on the very important aspect of light taught here are very revealing to me. The diagram of how to photograph a subject using only your own flash and any old white card to reflect some light is already a good starting point.4. Modest studio lighting you can create yourself! The principles on the very important aspect of light taught here are very revealing to me. The diagram of how to photograph a subject using only your own flash and any old white card to reflect some light is already a good starting point.However, I am tempted to give this book 4 stars since I felt that despite it's generous information, attractive layout, highly readable text, and wide pages, the authors skimmed the topic on tricky exposure problems. The use of grey cards, spotmeters, and handheld lightmeters to solve these tough light problems were only briefly explained. On the other hand, they provided easily applied solutions to our most common exposure problems. So I give them the benefit of the doubt that such issues correctly belong to advanced photography topics which might only discourage the wobbly beginner if mentioned here. Now that you are aware of it, you will probably do more research on it. Meanwhile, a lot of my pictures are already much improved by the application of the principles in the book alone.However, I am tempted to give this book 4 stars since I felt that despite it's generous information, attractive layout, highly readable text, and wide pages, the authors skimmed the topic on tricky exposure problems. The use of grey cards, spotmeters, and handheld lightmeters to solve these tough light problems were only briefly explained. On the other hand, they provided easily applied solutions to our most common exposure problems. So I give them the benefit of the doubt that such issues correctly belong to advanced photography topics which might only discourage the wobbly beginner if mentioned here. Now that you are aware of it, you will probably do more research on it. Meanwhile, a lot of my pictures are already much improved by the application of the principles in the book alone.I therefore, highly recommend this book to fellow beginners in photography
 If you are ready to take complete responsibility for yourself and live the joyful life then this is a must read. I will say it is simple even thou I will avoid saying it is easy. For your sake and your loved ones sake give this idea a go.If you are ready to take complete responsibility for yourself and live the joyful life then this is a must read. I will say it is simple even thou I will avoid saying it is easy. For your sake and your loved ones sake give this idea a go.
 There is a Tarot correlation, but the deck also has a strong shapshifter orientation as well.  The cards are a piece of art in themselves.  The cards encourage a strong connection with nature.  The spreads give good results to those of an inquiring mind.  With a minimum of reading, you are off and running getting insights to the past, present, and future.  There is a wide variety of uses for the cards for self or with others
 This story, set early in the &quot;Known Space&quot; period, is an important part of Larry Niven's future universe, full of his accustomed ingenuity in both the plots and the science. The Protectors don't fit quite comfortably into the &quot;Known Space&quot; Universe, and have raised some problems later, for example in the famous &quot;Man-Kzin Wars,&quot; where the &quot;Known Space&quot; universe has been shared by other writers, including Poul Anderson, Jerry Pournelle, SM Stirling and Hal Colebatch, but the story is fine space opera and entertainment, and has a genuine sense of strangeness and wonder that all too often is lacking from contemporary SF
 I picked up this book looking at the cover trying to figure out his picture. I then looked at the titleee and it clicked. I read this for school and it wasn't hard to finish it because it amazed me with what everything really was. Usually I read fiction books that have diseases or disorders in them. I figured that there should be some explaination for me. It wasnt hard to follow. Also everything was explained very well. I didn't have any real background other than the fictions books that you really couldn't go by
 After viewing the German artistic mini-series for television many years ago, I decided to read this German family story to rival Galsworthy's Forsythe Saga. I was not disappointed, because this book deals, among others, with one essential aspect of human existence: man's difficulty in adapting to hardships and changes in social status. The story of the Buddenbrooks is a story of moral values among individuals who, although belong to the same family, can be astonishingly different in their understanding of life and their grasp of reality. In this family we see characters who are able to adapt, understand the world and compromise, while at the same time we are exposed to those who are limited by their own upbringing to a life of limited flexibility and eventual disillusion and self-abandon. This fundamental book of world literature attacks two antithetic facets of human nature, two views of the world that are constantly at battle within all human beings. It is for this reason that &quot;Buddenbrooks&quot; is fundamentally an allegory about man and his internal turmoil with the major challenges of life, a carefully crafted story with psychological insight that makes the reading of this book definitely worthwhil
 Alan Lightman is one of those rare individuals who has a solid background in both physics and the humanities.  As a result, he has been able to write this very enjoyable collection of essays dealing with the human context of science, especially physics.  None of the essays are ultra profound, but they're still insightful enough to make worthwhile reading, especially considering that the amount of literature in this genre is fairly limited.  This book reminds me of "Feynman's Rainbow" by Leonard Mlodinow, which I also found to be very enjoyable and, like Mlodinow's book, Lightman's book is a quick read.Alan Lightman is one of those rare individuals who has a solid background in both physics and the humanities.  As a result, he has been able to write this very enjoyable collection of essays dealing with the human context of science, especially physics.  None of the essays are ultra profound, but they're still insightful enough to make worthwhile reading, especially considering that the amount of literature in this genre is fairly limited.  This book reminds me of "Feynman's Rainbow" by Leonard Mlodinow, which I also found to be very enjoyable and, like Mlodinow's book, Lightman's book is a quick read.As other reviewers have noted, the specific essay topics are a mixed bag including autobiography, biography, the relationship between math and physics, the nature and experience of scientific inquiry, and other broader topics such as the influence of technology in human life.As other reviewers have noted, the specific essay topics are a mixed bag including autobiography, biography, the relationship between math and physics, the nature and experience of scientific inquiry, and other broader topics such as the influence of technology in human life.As indicated in my title, if you have at least a popular-level familiarity with modern physics, and can also appreciate the humanities, I predict that you will find this book to be quite enjoyable, and perhaps also somewhat enlightening.  I enjoyed reading the book, and I expect that I will read it again in the future
 It may sound as though I am damning this book with faint praise, but I believe that with a subject as complicated as anti-western feeling there are few better places to begin than with a good conversation opener.It may sound as though I am damning this book with faint praise, but I believe that with a subject as complicated as anti-western feeling there are few better places to begin than with a good conversation opener.Written in clear non-academic language, Buruma and Margalit have written a book-length essay which further elaborates on the article which they published several years ago in the New York Review of Books. The point of the project is to posit a hypothesis on the roots of anti-western feeling and use that to draw open the discussion as to how the gap can be repaired.Written in clear non-academic language, Buruma and Margalit have written a book-length essay which further elaborates on the article which they published several years ago in the New York Review of Books. The point of the project is to posit a hypothesis on the roots of anti-western feeling and use that to draw open the discussion as to how the gap can be repaired.I notice that the original article sparked much less disappointment than the book. There is something about the translation to book form which implies a level of completion or comprehensiveness that an essay by itself cannot achieve. You will find that most reviewers (myself included) had a list of things that we missed in their overview. These omissions felt serious to me, but I notice that the lists have very little in common. It is truly not possible to please everyone or include everything, so perhaps it is just as well that they did not try.I notice that the original article sparked much less disappointment than the book. There is something about the translation to book form which implies a level of completion or comprehensiveness that an essay by itself cannot achieve. You will find that most reviewers (myself included) had a list of things that we missed in their overview. These omissions felt serious to me, but I notice that the lists have very little in common. It is truly not possible to please everyone or include everything, so perhaps it is just as well that they did not try.If you already have an adament point of view in this discussion, then this book may well irritate you. Buruma and Margalit clearly do their best to be as objective as possible, given their own cultural bias. If, however, you are like me and mostly have a clear view about your own lack of answers then you will probably find this a valuable reading experience. Since reading it, I lent the book to a good friend (sorry, publishers!) and we have not been able to stop discussing the points that it raised. Quite an accomplishment, in my opinion, for a self-described short history.
 Okay, the title is a bit much.  But I enjoyed this book tremendously.  Some of the criticisms point to the elements I liked best.  The routine cases, how they were approached, and the results were a revelation to someone who has no real idea of police work except what I've seen on "Cops" (constant action and crisis!).  There was a new story on every page, and I wound up reading until 1 a.m. on a work day because I just couldn't help reading "one more page".  The descriptions of the surroundings, the characters, the sounds and smells of the settings, conjured up a real sense of being there.  I was fascinated by the character faults and virtues of the people in the book, as Atkinson tried to remain true to McCain's philosophy that most people aren't entirely good or bad.  As a resident of the area, I finally understand the gang wars that were taking place when I was growing up (I remember the old Boston Record American newpaper with the crime scene photos splashed across the front).  I HIGHLY recommend this book to anyone who lives in the Northeast, and to others who'd like a glimpse into how Boston politics are practiced in every profession
 i couldn't help myself when i opened the juicing bible--i should have been doing other things--but i spent over an hour perusing the pages.  it contains a wealth of information on fruits, herbs, and vegetables and their healing properties.  the layout is handy and it is easy to find things with the detailed indices.  the recipes are simple, clearly written, and sound delicious.  i am excited and inspired.  in fact, i'm going to get my juicer off of the bottom shelf of the pantry and go for it
 This second edition of a classic provides an update on a reference recommended for college-level collections specializing in Chinese literature. Sources of Chinese Tradition  has been recognized already as a  scholarly staple: in its new form Sources of Chinese Tradition  has been  extended to include the Deng Xiaoping and Jiang Zemin eras of China and  includes invaluable source readings on history and literature of the times,  from the 18th-century Qing civilization onward
 The Oxford Atlas is the best of all competitors. It is full-size, high quality ink and paper, 368 pages and covers most areas of history from the caveman to the present time. I am not speaking of the concise edition but of the full-size edition. The ISBN number is #0195215672. The Oxford Atlas is the best of all competitors. It is full-size, high quality ink and paper, 368 pages and covers most areas of history from the caveman to the present time. I am not speaking of the concise edition but of the full-size edition. The ISBN number is #0195215672. This book covers about 2,000,000 years of history from the origins of humanity to the year 2000. The Atlas is the result of over three years' work by internationally renowned cartographers, an expert editorial team and specialist academic consultants
 &quot;Disarming Iraq&quot; is Hans Blix's thought-provoking and historically-important memoir of the few but critical months leading up to the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq, during which he tried to paint a clear picture -- for the UN and the world -- of his inspection team's findings, claiming no need for urgency and lobbying for diplomacy.  The polarized atmosphere was palpably tense: while the U.S., the UK and Spain insisted that Iraq was not responding to inspections, France, Germany and Russia asserted with equal force that the inspection program had never been fully explored.   Parting the raging waters (for a few weeks, anyway) was the quintessential diplomat Hans Blix. As it reads, he was too diplomatic, unwilling to state his results confidently for fear that it might drive UN policy. It didn?t help that he had a few doubts of his own; that in spite of not finding any &quot;smoking guns&quot; in terms of banned weapons, he still sensed that Iraq was playing a cat-and-mouse game. Either the regime's odd narcissism allowed it to believe that it did not have to comply with the UN, or it was hiding something. Either way, Blix's hesitation was enough to set the stage for Colin Powell's historic February 5, 2003 presentation of evidence of WMD?s in Iraq, which was more or less the proverbial point of no return.  Apparently, what Mr. Blix was trying to tell us -- before he was drowned out by the noisy din of a fearful and overzealous media -- is now common knowledge about WMD?s in Iraq: Blix's commission failed to find anything not because the Iraqis succeeded at hiding the weapons, moving them ahead of inspections, but because the weapons really weren?t there. Iraq had disarmed at the end of the Gulf War in 1991, just as they?d claimed. The UN inspection program had worked -- without knowing it.  So how did the war move forward under false pretenses? According to Blix, &quot;a deficit of critical thinking&quot; was to blame. He speculates that our Congress would never affirm the use of force merely to end a reign of terror (even though Blix himself wishes for a UN resolution against brutal dictatorships). The Bush administration had to justify war in Iraq by linking it to terror, and since there was no real link, it had to capitalize on the &quot;theoretical&quot; link of Iraq's weapons of mass destruction.  This is as far as his speculation goes. Where the phrase &quot;military industrial complex&quot; would seem most natural and expected -- followed by a salacious tell-all about Bush, Cheney and nefarious links to Saudi oil -- Blix cleverly sidesteps the issue of America's impatient itch for war by feigning ignorance. Giving Blix the benefit of the doubt, perhaps he prefers to be thought of as naive and not sensational.  Needless to say, Dr. David Kelly's death (the British scientist who leaked to the BBC that the British government had &quot;sexed up&quot; a document alleging Iraq's nuclear capabilities) was an &quot;unfortunate suicide&quot; -- and not the work of a shadow government. (The entire document, by the way, turned out to be a forgery.)  At least Blix observed the &quot;horse trading&quot; (&quot;intense economic and diplomatic pressures&quot;) our government used to obtain votes from other countries -- votes needed to pass the UN resolution authorizing the use of force -- as well as he disapproved the Bush administration?s spying on UN delegations while on their diplomatic visits to New York. Blix had other objections to U.S.-led efforts, but they are all based on facts and evidence, and are in defense of IAEA (a previous inspection organization, also headed by Blix) and UNMOVIC (the UN's Monitoring, Verification, and Inspection Commission).  Interestingly, the largest setback to diplomacy was related to a 167-page &quot;cluster&quot; document released by Blix in early March of 2003, which summarized all the inspections for the three preceding months. Unfortunately for France and Germany, American and British members of UNMOVIC leaked pre-release draft copies of the document. In other words, France and Germany had much less time to prepare their official reactions to the cluster document than their British and American counterparts. Their positions, in favor of renewed inspections, were not as compelling.  While Blix?s passion is definitely enough to carry his memoirs, one can easily see why it was so difficult for Americans to take Mr. Blix seriously: he lacks that forcible personality that commands respect. Even so, he is gifted with an even temperament, a good sense of humor, and a deeply-imbued sense of integrity, all important qualities for diplomacy. Although he may have been the only individual capable of peaceably bridging the large gap between the UN and Iraq, in retrospect it may have been asking too much from some of our leaders to match Blix?s diplomatic efforts in their reasonableness and patience
 This is the best baseball book ever!  Not only is it beautifully organized and rich with facts, but it's so well written! As someone who came late to baseball, I find the book hard to put down.  IF you can only buy one baseball book, this is it--it's a major reference for any fan, and it's going to make a great holiday gift too.  Get your copy before they're all gone
 Michael Farquhar has created another bathroom book for the history-loving set.  This one, Treasury of Deception, is just what it's title implies and is broken down into categories and ranges from prison escapes to scientific frauds, from practical jokes to deadly hoaxes, such as the blood libel.  It is a truly odd mixed bag and should be read over a long period in many small bites, although that may prove harder to do than anticipated and one may find oneself gobbling the whole thing down at once.  The book is light at the right moments and more serious when required and, amazingly enough, never veers into the truly silly, which is a blessing
 This was an amazing book.  It was one of those where when you read it, you can picture the story in your head, almost movie like.  Feist did an amazing job with descriptions and character developement.  This was my first Fiest book, but I can guarantee you, it wont be my last.This was an amazing book.  It was one of those where when you read it, you can picture the story in your head, almost movie like.  Feist did an amazing job with descriptions and character developement.  This was my first Fiest book, but I can guarantee you, it wont be my last.The plot follows a young boy named Kieli and his story of becoming a spy and weapon against those that murdered his village. The story begins with Kieli on a vision quest, a test to prove he is ready to be an adult.  He must go to a sacred hill and wait for a vision to appear to him.  He then finds that his village has been attacked and that he is the sole remainer of his people.  The story goes on to tell of his quest for vengance and his plot of revenge.The plot follows a young boy named Kieli and his story of becoming a spy and weapon against those that murdered his village. The story begins with Kieli on a vision quest, a test to prove he is ready to be an adult.  He must go to a sacred hill and wait for a vision to appear to him.  He then finds that his village has been attacked and that he is the sole remainer of his people.  The story goes on to tell of his quest for vengance and his plot of revenge.Amazing in every way
 I think Nora Roberts has a fantasy with horses and horse farms, as we've seen in her books Irish Thoroughbred, Irish Rebel and now True Betrayals which was written in 1996. Unlike the other two, True Betrayals is not pure romantic fiction but a blend of several genres. To me, it was very interesting and kept me amused and entertained for several hours.I think Nora Roberts has a fantasy with horses and horse farms, as we've seen in her books Irish Thoroughbred, Irish Rebel and now True Betrayals which was written in 1996. Unlike the other two, True Betrayals is not pure romantic fiction but a blend of several genres. To me, it was very interesting and kept me amused and entertained for several hours.Kelsey Byden was led to believe that her mother, Naomi Chadwick, had been dead for quite a few years and when she received a letter from her mother asking if she'd come visit her, she was an emotional wreck. It seems the real reason her mother wasn't a part of her life as she grew up was the fact that she had been in prison for killing her lover. Talk about shock value! Kelsey decides to visit her mother to try to come to terms with her emotions - Kelsey had recently divorced and just finding out her dead mother was very much alive was enough to make anyone emotionally unstable and made Kelsey question everything in her life. Kelsey Byden was led to believe that her mother, Naomi Chadwick, had been dead for quite a few years and when she received a letter from her mother asking if she'd come visit her, she was an emotional wreck. It seems the real reason her mother wasn't a part of her life as she grew up was the fact that she had been in prison for killing her lover. Talk about shock value! Kelsey decides to visit her mother to try to come to terms with her emotions - Kelsey had recently divorced and just finding out her dead mother was very much alive was enough to make anyone emotionally unstable and made Kelsey question everything in her life. Naomi has a working horse farm in Virginia and Kelsey goes to try to make sense out of her life. Sounds like a typical plot line, right? Well, sort of, but if Nora Roberts is writing it, you can bet there are a few twists and turns along the way. Like Kelsey being thrown into a situation that could result in another murder.Naomi has a working horse farm in Virginia and Kelsey goes to try to make sense out of her life. Sounds like a typical plot line, right? Well, sort of, but if Nora Roberts is writing it, you can bet there are a few twists and turns along the way. Like Kelsey being thrown into a situation that could result in another murder.Can the trainer who works for her mother be the answer to Kelsey's broken heart? Can Kelsey ever trust her mother again after being deceived by her for so many years?  Will Kelsey ever believe in herself again? I won't give away any of the plot, you'll have to read and enjoy this one for yourself!Can the trainer who works for her mother be the answer to Kelsey's broken heart? Can Kelsey ever trust her mother again after being deceived by her for so many years?  Will Kelsey ever believe in herself again? I won't give away any of the plot, you'll have to read and enjoy this one for yourself!I do have to say that the plot is not the part of the book that I enjoyed the most - sure there's a little mystery thrown in just to keep things interesting. Sure there is lots of romance and sorting of feelings toward the mother-daughter relationship. But what I enjoyed the most were the descriptions of the horse ranch, the surrounding areas, actual workings of the ranch, etc. Nora Roberts is first rate at painting a very vivid mental image and I found myself slipping off to Virginia and owning a ranch of my own in my imagination while reading this book. The lush green landscape, the openness of the working ranch, the racetrack - ah, it sounded like pure heaven.I do have to say that the plot is not the part of the book that I enjoyed the most - sure there's a little mystery thrown in just to keep things interesting. Sure there is lots of romance and sorting of feelings toward the mother-daughter relationship. But what I enjoyed the most were the descriptions of the horse ranch, the surrounding areas, actual workings of the ranch, etc. Nora Roberts is first rate at painting a very vivid mental image and I found myself slipping off to Virginia and owning a ranch of my own in my imagination while reading this book. The lush green landscape, the openness of the working ranch, the racetrack - ah, it sounded like pure heaven.The plot is very predictable: everyone lives happily-ever-after, mother and daughter are reunited, true love waits for Kelsey, etc., etc. What makes the story enjoyable is the mix that Roberts has perfected - not just pure romance, but a little mystery and intrigue also.
 Mind's Eye is the second 'Eye of the Beholder' collection, which began as the first comic strip to run in the New York Times, and provides a fine set of black and white strips which presents a particular viewpoint. These visual puzzles provide much food for thought: there are panels of scenes, then turn the page for the unifying concept linking them
 Here's a book that would have made a great spreadsheet. There's a lot of data here, displayed via a string of pictographs. Text in this book serves to provide directions only. Here's a book that would have made a great spreadsheet. There's a lot of data here, displayed via a string of pictographs. Text in this book serves to provide directions only. I would have rated this higher if it provided a little background on the location, the history, geographic features, etc
 This book is the right choice for beginers and advanced users of Spring. It covers all major aspects supported by the framework, and goes beyond than a "24 hours learning" book. Emphasizes the basic theory and shows how to correctly use the framework in J2EE applications
 With respect to my qualifications, I am the founder of the Learning Spanish Like Crazy method. I am also the author of several articles written on the topic of learning Spanish. And now for my review . . . With respect to my qualifications, I am the founder of the Learning Spanish Like Crazy method. I am also the author of several articles written on the topic of learning Spanish. And now for my review . . . I tend to judge a Spanish-English Dictionary by the following criteria:I tend to judge a Spanish-English Dictionary by the following criteria:1. Does it provide 21st Century Spanish vocabulary words or only outdatedSpanish vocabulary?Spanish vocabulary?2. Does it provide BOTH the words that are commonly used in Latin AmericaAND Spain or only one or the other?AND Spain or only one or the other?Using yardstick number one this book did fairly well. I found words such as "raton" not only defined as "mouse" as in the rodent but also "mouse" as in "computer mouse." And "pantalla" wasn't only defined as a "screen" but a a 'computer monitor' as well. However, it only used the original definition of "bajar" (to lower, to descend, or to go down). It lacked the 21st century definition which is "to download."Using yardstick number one this book did fairly well. I found words such as "raton" not only defined as "mouse" as in the rodent but also "mouse" as in "computer mouse." And "pantalla" wasn't only defined as a "screen" but a a 'computer monitor' as well. However, it only used the original definition of "bajar" (to lower, to descend, or to go down). It lacked the 21st century definition which is "to download."Using yardstick number two, this dictionary did well. For the English word "block" I found the Latin American definition of "cuadra" but I also found the European definition of the word which is "manzana." Several Spanish-English dictionaries that I have used in the past only define the Spanish word "manzana" as the English word "apple," and only define the English word "block" as the Spanish word "cuadra."Using yardstick number two, this dictionary did well. For the English word "block" I found the Latin American definition of "cuadra" but I also found the European definition of the word which is "manzana." Several Spanish-English dictionaries that I have used in the past only define the Spanish word "manzana" as the English word "apple," and only define the English word "block" as the Spanish word "cuadra."It is important that a dictionary provides both the  Latin American and European Spanish words. From my experience, Latin Americans tend to usedifferent vocabulary words from one country to another. But if you use the European Spanish word, even though they may not use the word, they will be familiar with it and will understand you. different vocabulary words from one country to another. But if you use the European Spanish word, even though they may not use the word, they will be familiar with it and will understand you. Overall, I give this dictionary "cuatro estrellas" (four stars).  
 I just finished reading this book and loved it. It helps put things into perspective. I would recommend it to anyone who is going through trials in their life. It's on my all time favorite books list, I just bought a copy for my mother-in-law and am encouraging many of my friends to read it
 I can't go on enough about this book. It should be required reading in colleges and for those in all levels of government, Wall Street and industry CEOs.I can't go on enough about this book. It should be required reading in colleges and for those in all levels of government, Wall Street and industry CEOs.The writing is excellent. Many of its passages read like prayers. I can't think of topics and subjects more important than those Jensen writes about -- our cultures diconnection from the natural world and from ourselves and how it has impacted our mental and spiritual health and the health of the earth.The writing is excellent. Many of its passages read like prayers. I can't think of topics and subjects more important than those Jensen writes about -- our cultures diconnection from the natural world and from ourselves and how it has impacted our mental and spiritual health and the health of the earth.Jensen is so passionate about these topics that he does repeat certain ideas, BUT instead of ruining it, I think the non-linear trajectory of his book actually enhances his message.Jensen is so passionate about these topics that he does repeat certain ideas, BUT instead of ruining it, I think the non-linear trajectory of his book actually enhances his message.The first half of the book where he discusses problems can be hard-hitting and difficult to get through certain parts of it, BUT please hold fast through the end. It is worth it.The first half of the book where he discusses problems can be hard-hitting and difficult to get through certain parts of it, BUT please hold fast through the end. It is worth it.Jensen's eloquence and wisdom are best when he is also discussing answers, or possibilities, as it were.Jensen's eloquence and wisdom are best when he is also discussing answers, or possibilities, as it were.www.corimorenberg.co
      I stumbled upon Matthew Reilly's novel in the new release section of my public library. I had never heard of him before, this being his first release in the United States, but the synopsis on the inside of the dust jacket caught my attention so I decided to give the book a try.       Most books coming out now have author blurbs of recommendation I take with a grain of salt. Most of these authors are paid for their reviews or they are personnal friends, making it difficult to determine the sincerity of the review.  Everything is promised to be a "white, knuckle thriller" or my personal favorite "a rollercoaster ride of excitement" but the majority of the time the book does not live up to the hype. This is definately not the case with "Ice Station". This book is Action with a capital A! How this book has not been optioned for film bewilders me because if it is done right it would be one of the best action films of the past twenty years. The book alone left me exhausted.     For a quick intro without giving anything away (because I hate spoilers) a crisis emerges at an isolated Antarctic research station.  A marine recon team is sent to investigate and all hell breaks loose.  This is not an exaggeration.  When the action begins in this book it does not let up. Every time I thought the book was going to have a down moment to give me the opportunity to eat or get some sleep, I got cold cocked by a left hook.  The characters only pause in the book to reload.     Now there will be nay sayers out there who will criticize that the book lacks any real substance.  Maybe there could have been more characterization, perhaps there is a fact or two off when utilizing military jargon or technology, or maybe an event bends the laws of probability but all I can say is I don't care. I had fun with this book. For the two days I read the book I had a blast. This is not a contender for the pulitzer prize. It is not going to pop up on Oprah's book club. This is a summer action movie put to words and I dare you not to have fun.      I may have discovered Matthew Reilly in the library but now I purchase his books as soon as they are released in hardcover. I know what to expect and he never disappoints.
 I have always been intrigued with the Hells Angels and this book answered many questions especially the history of the club. I was impressed that the author lived with them for a year. 
 I was recommended this book after having taken a Body Electric workshop a few weeks before.  From the first page I began to re-live the entire bonding rituals that we had experienced over that weekend.  How to connect, how to communicate, and how to intimately bond on a higher plane!  Although some of the prose is repetitive, it helps instill a spiritual base on which the reader can pull from. A definite &quot;must have&quot; book for the gay tribe who would like to interact spiritually and emotionally
 Once again, Jasper Fforde has created a story that is brilliantly written, perfectly blending English literature with wit.Once again, Jasper Fforde has created a story that is brilliantly written, perfectly blending English literature with wit.The book continues the story of Thursday Next by creating a new conflict, as well as making connections with the previous Thursday Next novels, adding a deeper level to the reading.The book continues the story of Thursday Next by creating a new conflict, as well as making connections with the previous Thursday Next novels, adding a deeper level to the reading.Highly recommended reading, but I also recommend you read the series in order
 With the release of Jasper Fforde's fourth title in the Thursday Next sci-fi/fantasy series, readers will be treated to the culmination of the alternative Earth that the author has spent three books building. In "Something Rotten," the options for direction for the series are fully realized as the alternate Earth of 1988 and the world of Fiction are completely in place.With the release of Jasper Fforde's fourth title in the Thursday Next sci-fi/fantasy series, readers will be treated to the culmination of the alternative Earth that the author has spent three books building. In "Something Rotten," the options for direction for the series are fully realized as the alternate Earth of 1988 and the world of Fiction are completely in place.When last we left the intrepid Thursday Next, she had just saved the world of Fiction from yet another villain intent on its destruction. Pregnant and with her husband erased from history by the evil Goliath Corporation, Thursday's finally given birth to a son, Friday, who at two year old only speaks in Lorem Ipsum (a good example of the craziness of Fforde's vision.) Deciding that her time overseeing the purity of novels has worn thin, she returns to Earth and winds up becoming:* The target of an assassin* The coach of her town's professional croquet team* The thorn in the side of a hypnotic politician who is actually fictional* The hostess to Hamlet, Prince of Denmark* The on-again, off-again wife to her exterminated, unexterminated husband* The finder of a live clone of William Shakespeare* The friend of Neanderthals everywhere* Dead--twice* The holder of the secrets of the apocalypse* The once-again savior of the planet* The once-again savior of the planetIf you think that's about three books in one, well that pegs "Something Rotten." Fforde packs this book so full of plot and sub-plot that readers must juggle all those narrative balls at once. That Fforde can bring all this together at the end shows that his mastery of his world has grown since the start of this series, "The Eyre Affair."If you think that's about three books in one, well that pegs "Something Rotten." Fforde packs this book so full of plot and sub-plot that readers must juggle all those narrative balls at once. That Fforde can bring all this together at the end shows that his mastery of his world has grown since the start of this series, "The Eyre Affair."While not as inventive as his previous book, "The Well of Lost Plots," Fforde's world-building is largely done, so "Something Rotten" can focus on the story and not on backstory--that's a big plus. Longtime readers of the series will find that this fourth book finally illuminates some of the backstory that existed even in the first book. For instance, we finally get to see who Millon de Floss is and get a better look at the genetic experiments that have resulted in an England overrun with mammoths, dodos, and Neanderthals.While not as inventive as his previous book, "The Well of Lost Plots," Fforde's world-building is largely done, so "Something Rotten" can focus on the story and not on backstory--that's a big plus. Longtime readers of the series will find that this fourth book finally illuminates some of the backstory that existed even in the first book. For instance, we finally get to see who Millon de Floss is and get a better look at the genetic experiments that have resulted in an England overrun with mammoths, dodos, and Neanderthals.All the typical humor that we've come to expect from Fforde is here and he's done well picking up the mantle of Douglas Adams. Someone has to write nutty British sci-fi and Fforde is doing it about as well as anyone right now. And while "Something Rotten" is a terrible place for new readers to jump into the Thursday Next books, for fans of the series this is probably the most satisfying of his books.All the typical humor that we've come to expect from Fforde is here and he's done well picking up the mantle of Douglas Adams. Someone has to write nutty British sci-fi and Fforde is doing it about as well as anyone right now. And while "Something Rotten" is a terrible place for new readers to jump into the Thursday Next books, for fans of the series this is probably the most satisfying of his books.Enjoy
 I really like this book. It's simple to follow instructions, and there is good advice all the way thru it. Everything from the author's mom's advice to what to do to jazz up a low fat, high flavor recipe to make it more flexible, tastier, or fancy enough for company.  I like KD's tv show on Food tv, and I liked her first book, this book is better than the first. I am eating more healthfully(Is that a word?) and keep taking the small steps KD recommends to keep doing even better. I highly recommend the book
 I always look to see if an author stands in their truth.  If they walk their talk.  Dr. Christiane Northrup does.  I have read all of her books, Women's Bodies, Women's Wisdom, The Wisdom of Menopause and now Mother-Daughter Wisdom.  They all embody her path to well-being and her knowledge on the subject of women's health.   In her book Mother-Daughter Wisdom, she shares her own life experiences from raising two daughters and her expertise as a medical doctor and relates them to health and wellness.  I find this book to be a great tool and guide to help mothers raise empowered daughters and a model for a healthy mother-daughter relationship.  I have three grown daugthers and would have loved to have had this book when they were growing up.  I found out through much trial and error how to raise empowered daughters.  Dr. Northrup is a pioneer in our time venturing into these unchartered waters of how mothers and daughters can have a balanced and loving relationship.  She addresses the many challenges in our society today facing girls and gives suggestions on how to deal with them in a positive way.  She talks about mothers caring and nurturing themselves in order to care for their daughter.  This book is also a  reference book as Dr. Northrup covers from birth to adulthood for the many stages in a mother and daughter's life.  Mothers, men, and women without children, would benefit by reading this book to connect with their own legacy with their mother or if raising a daughter.
 As the authors state in the preface of the book, the main focus of the text is to show the reader how to write high quality contracts. This is not a text intended to convince readers of the veracity of design by contract, but if you are a developer with an academic knowledge of assertions, then this book with its extensive examples will likely convert you to a design by contract advocate.As the authors state in the preface of the book, the main focus of the text is to show the reader how to write high quality contracts. This is not a text intended to convince readers of the veracity of design by contract, but if you are a developer with an academic knowledge of assertions, then this book with its extensive examples will likely convert you to a design by contract advocate.Most of the examples presented in the book are written in Eiffel, an object oriented language that fully supports preconditions, postconditions and invariants without need for preprocessing. If you haven't written code in Eiffel I highly recommend that you download EiffelStudio and deploy the examples in this book. Although there are tools that offer assertion facilities, none provide the ease of use as that seen in the Eiffel language. The text covers a preprocessor that imparts assertions to Java, but the extra steps and unique keywords required to incorporate and activate the assertions are likely to prevent wide scale use of the tool in a software development environment.Most of the examples presented in the book are written in Eiffel, an object oriented language that fully supports preconditions, postconditions and invariants without need for preprocessing. If you haven't written code in Eiffel I highly recommend that you download EiffelStudio and deploy the examples in this book. Although there are tools that offer assertion facilities, none provide the ease of use as that seen in the Eiffel language. The text covers a preprocessor that imparts assertions to Java, but the extra steps and unique keywords required to incorporate and activate the assertions are likely to prevent wide scale use of the tool in a software development environment.Some aspects of object oriented languages such as design by contract and multiple inheritance are often taught through a language and an integrated developer's environment that minimally supports the functionality. As such developers form a poor opinion of the concept and not the tool. The keyword support of contracts in Eiffel makes the language a perfect learning tool which will impart a more than academic understanding of the value of assertions. Some aspects of object oriented languages such as design by contract and multiple inheritance are often taught through a language and an integrated developer's environment that minimally supports the functionality. As such developers form a poor opinion of the concept and not the tool. The keyword support of contracts in Eiffel makes the language a perfect learning tool which will impart a more than academic understanding of the value of assertions. The authors state ardently that developers have a choice between spending hours hunting down the causes of runtime errors or instead allocating time to write thorough contracts. As a sometimes Eiffel developer I can state that this assertion is accurate. Since contracts also assign responsibility for the runtime errors, they are invaluable for debugging. I recall an instance when I encountered a postcondition violation while using a linked list from the Eiffel library. As a client of the class, I didn't spend any time tracking down the source of the error other than to report it along with the condition that triggered the error to the supplier. In industry significant time is spent debugging code prior to delivery and maintaining code afterwards. Any concept or tool that aids in this function is indispensable to the project. Apparently many people understood this notion since for several years the proposal to broaden Java to include keyword support of programming by contract was purportedly the most frequent "non-bug" report requested by Java developers.The authors state ardently that developers have a choice between spending hours hunting down the causes of runtime errors or instead allocating time to write thorough contracts. As a sometimes Eiffel developer I can state that this assertion is accurate. Since contracts also assign responsibility for the runtime errors, they are invaluable for debugging. I recall an instance when I encountered a postcondition violation while using a linked list from the Eiffel library. As a client of the class, I didn't spend any time tracking down the source of the error other than to report it along with the condition that triggered the error to the supplier. In industry significant time is spent debugging code prior to delivery and maintaining code afterwards. Any concept or tool that aids in this function is indispensable to the project. Apparently many people understood this notion since for several years the proposal to broaden Java to include keyword support of programming by contract was purportedly the most frequent "non-bug" report requested by Java developers.The book is well organized providing a set of step by step instructions on how to write robust contracts applicable to a wide range of examples from simple data structures to more advanced cases such as the implementation of the Observer Pattern. I considered myself well versed in design by contract but the six principles and guidelines as well as the frame rules, introduced successively via examples, provided a more rigorous approach to developing contracts than I had employed in the past.The book is well organized providing a set of step by step instructions on how to write robust contracts applicable to a wide range of examples from simple data structures to more advanced cases such as the implementation of the Observer Pattern. I considered myself well versed in design by contract but the six principles and guidelines as well as the frame rules, introduced successively via examples, provided a more rigorous approach to developing contracts than I had employed in the past.In Chapter 2, the distinction between basic and derived queries is discussed and all six principles are introduced through a stack example. Each principle is unveiled in conjunction with designing methods and their contracts for the data structure.In Chapter 2, the distinction between basic and derived queries is discussed and all six principles are introduced through a stack example. Each principle is unveiled in conjunction with designing methods and their contracts for the data structure.In the development of the dictionary class in Chapter 3, the authors present a case for a new query which asks if the dictionary already contains a specific key. The query arises from the specific application of the principles pertaining to postconditions. This is an excellent example of how contracts result in the development of new and needed features in a class. In the development of the dictionary class in Chapter 3, the authors present a case for a new query which asks if the dictionary already contains a specific key. The query arises from the specific application of the principles pertaining to postconditions. This is an excellent example of how contracts result in the development of new and needed features in a class. In Chapter 6, the authors present a clear rational for weakening inherited preconditions and strengthening postconditions and invariants in accordance with other literature pertaining to the same topic. In particular, the example of a delivery service reads like a case of retail agreement in plain language but is complemented by examples of code and UML diagrams. The concept of guarding postconditions with preconditions to facilitate possible redefinition of methods is also introduced and well explained.In Chapter 6, the authors present a clear rational for weakening inherited preconditions and strengthening postconditions and invariants in accordance with other literature pertaining to the same topic. In particular, the example of a delivery service reads like a case of retail agreement in plain language but is complemented by examples of code and UML diagrams. The concept of guarding postconditions with preconditions to facilitate possible redefinition of methods is also introduced and well explained.Chapter 8 covers the benefits of design by contract and if the reader has compiled and executed the examples presented in the book, they will have experienced some of these benefits firsthand. Of course there are considerations like better documentation and more reliable code, but the debugging assistance is the most overt benefit of contracts. The stack traces associated with assertion exceptions are an invaluable tool during both development and maintenance. Anyone who has developed quality software under a tight schedule understands the benefits of precision bug identification and resolution.Chapter 8 covers the benefits of design by contract and if the reader has compiled and executed the examples presented in the book, they will have experienced some of these benefits firsthand. Of course there are considerations like better documentation and more reliable code, but the debugging assistance is the most overt benefit of contracts. The stack traces associated with assertion exceptions are an invaluable tool during both development and maintenance. Anyone who has developed quality software under a tight schedule understands the benefits of precision bug identification and resolution.Analysis by contract, introduced in the final chapter, presents the concepts of design by contract abstractly removed from the code specifics. The authors present an analysis of a person withdrawing money from a bank. In doing so they codify the sequence of events based on the contract stating that the design is "derived from the specification rather than being a design that is also being used as a specification." The obvious implication of this is that the final product will likely fulfill the specification implicitly.Analysis by contract, introduced in the final chapter, presents the concepts of design by contract abstractly removed from the code specifics. The authors present an analysis of a person withdrawing money from a bank. In doing so they codify the sequence of events based on the contract stating that the design is "derived from the specification rather than being a design that is also being used as a specification." The obvious implication of this is that the final product will likely fulfill the specification implicitly.This is a book packed with knowledge that is essential for all developers regardless of the current support of design by contract in conventional languages. In the future, as the more popular languages incorporate additional design by contract concepts, there will be an increased number of authors producing texts on these topics as well as a growing number of developers annotating their resumes accordingly. I suspect that all of these texts will reference Design by Contract by Example and many of the developers that already understand the concept will be well acquainted with the pages of this book.
 This book is a must have for anyone applying six sigma to real world problems.  Not only do I use it on a nearly daily basis, I'm finding that my engineers are embracing the terminology and concepts so clearly conveyed in this text.  We're spending 20-minutes at each staff meeting to review topics from basic statistics to advanced application of teaming concepts to get results.  Instead of the usual soft stuff application examples that seem to illustrate that the author thinks everyone's making clothes pins, Pyzdek's book shows that he's really lived this stuff.  I highly recommend this book to anyone serious about applying six sigma for results.This book is a must have for anyone applying six sigma to real world problems.  Not only do I use it on a nearly daily basis, I'm finding that my engineers are embracing the terminology and concepts so clearly conveyed in this text.  We're spending 20-minutes at each staff meeting to review topics from basic statistics to advanced application of teaming concepts to get results.  Instead of the usual soft stuff application examples that seem to illustrate that the author thinks everyone's making clothes pins, Pyzdek's book shows that he's really lived this stuff.  I highly recommend this book to anyone serious about applying six sigma for results.Joe MaciullaManager, Manufacturing Engineering SystemsRaytheon Missile System
 This book is an almost encylocpedic digest of current theories of thoroughbred handicapping.  None are covered in such detail that you can run off and start making money at the track, but each points you to a source for more comprehensive information on the theory that interests you.  This book is an almost encylocpedic digest of current theories of thoroughbred handicapping.  None are covered in such detail that you can run off and start making money at the track, but each points you to a source for more comprehensive information on the theory that interests you.  If you are willing to ignore books on "handicapping made easy," this book is probably among the best starting points for the novice.  It explores a variety of approaches, leaving you to select what you like, and follow a path toward mastery
 Oz talks sense. From the first chaper, I was hooked. She suggested making a minor change for the first week. I cut back on one soft drink per day - from 3 down to 2. That was quite painless. I also took her starter tips - drink water before meals and don't eat closer than 2 hours before bedtime. Again, those were minor and didn't crimp my style.Oz talks sense. From the first chaper, I was hooked. She suggested making a minor change for the first week. I cut back on one soft drink per day - from 3 down to 2. That was quite painless. I also took her starter tips - drink water before meals and don't eat closer than 2 hours before bedtime. Again, those were minor and didn't crimp my style.This is not really a diet book though it deals with diet (as in what you eat). It's really about living well and making mostly good choices but not going overboard (and ultimately failing). This is not really a diet book though it deals with diet (as in what you eat). It's really about living well and making mostly good choices but not going overboard (and ultimately failing). Oz is a vegetarian, but she said that red meat was fine in moderation. Go for only twice per week on that she suggested. I love beef, but I also like chicken and fish and can tweak that part of my meal plan. Chips are junk food, but a bowl isn't a huge deal. Just don't grab the bag and keep munching. If you have an urge for chocolate, melt some semi-sweet chocolate and dip fruits like strawberries in the chocolate. It really does satisfy that chocolate craving with smaller amounts of chocolate.Oz is a vegetarian, but she said that red meat was fine in moderation. Go for only twice per week on that she suggested. I love beef, but I also like chicken and fish and can tweak that part of my meal plan. Chips are junk food, but a bowl isn't a huge deal. Just don't grab the bag and keep munching. If you have an urge for chocolate, melt some semi-sweet chocolate and dip fruits like strawberries in the chocolate. It really does satisfy that chocolate craving with smaller amounts of chocolate.That's typical of her advice and things that I can handle and maintain.That's typical of her advice and things that I can handle and maintain.She also talks about exercise and about supplements (meant to supplement and not take the place of good food). She's reasonable with her ideas here as well. I added some extra work out time (even jogging 5 minutes while watching TV adds up if you do it pretty often) and bought a basic vitamin plus B, C and E (all heartily approved by my doc). She also talks about exercise and about supplements (meant to supplement and not take the place of good food). She's reasonable with her ideas here as well. I added some extra work out time (even jogging 5 minutes while watching TV adds up if you do it pretty often) and bought a basic vitamin plus B, C and E (all heartily approved by my doc). Oz lost 10 pounds her first semester. This is not a crash course. She's down 30 lbs now (over 2 years I think) - just slowly and surely. And, she's maintained rather than yo-yo'ing.Oz lost 10 pounds her first semester. This is not a crash course. She's down 30 lbs now (over 2 years I think) - just slowly and surely. And, she's maintained rather than yo-yo'ing.I think most people (college or not) would benefit from reading this book and trying out Oz's common sense plan. Older readers might need a little less food overall and might not opt to go out and have a snowball fight to burn calories, but the basics are here for a good lifestyle plan that isn't painful and does work.I think most people (college or not) would benefit from reading this book and trying out Oz's common sense plan. Older readers might need a little less food overall and might not opt to go out and have a snowball fight to burn calories, but the basics are here for a good lifestyle plan that isn't painful and does work.This would be a great book for anyone (females more so) headed off to college or in college. Oz has dealt with being overweight. She did a lot of research and put a workable plan into action. I think most readers will love her style and also will be able to use her ideas and stay slimmer and healthier.   
 This would be a great book for anyone (females more so) headed off to college or in college. Oz has dealt with being overweight. She did a lot of research and put a workable plan into action. I think most readers will love her style and also will be able to use her ideas and stay slimmer and healthier.   This would be a great book for anyone (females more so) headed off to college or in college. Oz has dealt with being overweight. She did a lot of research and put a workable plan into action. I think most readers will love her style and also will be able to use her ideas and stay slimmer and healthier.   Imaginary playmates are not unusual. But, there hasn't been a playmate like TillyTilly since those nasties Henry James created in "Turn of the Screw."Imaginary playmates are not unusual. But, there hasn't been a playmate like TillyTilly since those nasties Henry James created in "Turn of the Screw."And, like them, TillyTilly seems to be something more than what a child has imagined.And, like them, TillyTilly seems to be something more than what a child has imagined.Jessamy Harrison, the eight-year-old daughter of a Nigerian mother and a British father, is a precocious and lonely child subject to screaming tantrums and panic attacks. During a visit to her Nigerian relatives, Jess explores an abandoned building and meets TillyTilly, a child of her own age, who she befriends. The problem is, no one else can see TillyTilly.Jessamy Harrison, the eight-year-old daughter of a Nigerian mother and a British father, is a precocious and lonely child subject to screaming tantrums and panic attacks. During a visit to her Nigerian relatives, Jess explores an abandoned building and meets TillyTilly, a child of her own age, who she befriends. The problem is, no one else can see TillyTilly.On their return to England, TillyTilly mysteriously shows up and soon leads Jess into a heap of trouble. Fun becomes horror as Tilly demonstrates a penchant for cruelty.On their return to England, TillyTilly mysteriously shows up and soon leads Jess into a heap of trouble. Fun becomes horror as Tilly demonstrates a penchant for cruelty.Given that Miss Oyeyemi was only 18 when she penned this complex novel, there are some drawbacks. Jess is often portrayed as much more sophisticated and articulate than the reader can believe and some characters are not drawn out enough. Despite these flaws, maturity is certain to give us a writer well worth watching for in the future.Given that Miss Oyeyemi was only 18 when she penned this complex novel, there are some drawbacks. Jess is often portrayed as much more sophisticated and articulate than the reader can believe and some characters are not drawn out enough. Despite these flaws, maturity is certain to give us a writer well worth watching for in the future.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 This is a very involved book, bringing to light all the past and present characters. I loved it. It was nice to see the history of O'Connor and his mentor Jack. I thought Ms. Burke pulled this one off nicely with the mystery being spread over a 40+ yr timeframe. Nice job. It was nice to see new characters introduced also, I hope to see them in future books. If you haven't read this series, you could probably get away with starting out with this book. I have to tell you though that you are missing a lot by not reading all of the other books in the Irene Kelly series.
   Once again, David McCullough's treatment of an american icon is the best of its kind. This biography reads like a fascinating novel, and McCulloughs narrative ability is unmatched. No one seems to be able to tell a story the way he can.   The great Theodore Roosevelt, known throughout the world and across the ages as an incredibly strong, tough, larger than life figure actually began as somewhat of a weakling. The book covers his total transformation from a sickly child to a man of great resolve and courage, the man who would become President of the United States.  Best of all is that McCullough likes and admires his subject. This is not always the case with biographies. Roosevelt and his family are treated with the dignity and respect they deserve. Highly recommended, as are all of McCullough's books
 I "religiously" read all of Baldacci's books - he can't write them fast enough for me; and this is one of his best! I'd give it 10 stars if I could
 to surmise, the book is about an actor who is hired to be a political figure. I will not reveal any more as to not ruin the nature of the plot.I felt that like some of heinlein's books, the book is plauged with politics, less science fiction, the only sci-fi thing about it is that the plot takes place in space, other than that, it's all politics.Same thing with Citizen of the galaxy, a book that starts off really well and ending with a theme that do not portray sci-fi rather it shows heinlein's knowledge in law. I felt that the book could have been much better and i don't see how it won the Hugo award.Conclusion: The book is a fun pass, but nothing more. don't expect any groundbreaking plot, or jaw dropping plot twists, just your old fashioned politicians-dear-diary
 I am an inveterate map reader. Whenever I travel there is a map in my pocket. But a recent trip to the Middle East and growing hobby collecting ancient coins had left me lost and confused as I tried to put in context  the ruins visited and the coins I collected. With time, the names of cities  and regions change so that one needs a separate map for each period.   Morkot's superbly written historical atlas not only provides maps, but the  rationale and context for their evolution and change. One of the best  features in the structure of this book is the use of the overview, followed  by a series of in-depth accounts, each from the perspective of the  important &quot;players&quot; during a given historical period.  This  approach is immensely effective in reinforcing the information since the  same information is repeated and new information added as each of the  regions, their politics and battles, are succesively presented.  From the  Mycenae to the Parthians are thousands of years, thousands of miles, and  thousands of political entities whose ebb and flow of power and reach of  influence affect us even today. For the first time after years of puzzling  over strange Grecian place names and leaders, I am now able to begin to  understand the who what when and where for the 5 millenia preceding the  birth of Christ.  I wish this had been the first book I read in my study of  ancient history.  I can hardly wait to start on Penguin's sequel - Acient  Rome
 Good Transaction, Thank you
 If you wanna stop smoking then give this a go. You'll either stop right away or you'll never beleive your doomed to puff on for life . Either way you win. strange thing to say about a book but true i say. Amazing stuff.
 I like most of Jack Kornfield's work and this book is no exception.  It has a lot of good stories that are very entertaining and each of them illuminates important spiritual truths.  The focus of this book is on misconceptions about enlightenment and samdhi experiences.  Also, it contains some beautiful accounts of samdhi experiences taken from various religious traditions.  I like most of Jack Kornfield's work and this book is no exception.  It has a lot of good stories that are very entertaining and each of them illuminates important spiritual truths.  The focus of this book is on misconceptions about enlightenment and samdhi experiences.  Also, it contains some beautiful accounts of samdhi experiences taken from various religious traditions.  There is a lot of practical wisdom in this book about finding meaning on the spiritual path and in life in general.  Jack Kornfield dispels the illusion we are ever a finished product or that our various personality quirks will ever disappear completely.  In one section, he quotes Ram Dass who once was asked, did you get rid of all your personality problems and he replied, "no.. but I've become a connoisseur of my neurosis."  There is a lot of practical wisdom in this book about finding meaning on the spiritual path and in life in general.  Jack Kornfield dispels the illusion we are ever a finished product or that our various personality quirks will ever disappear completely.  In one section, he quotes Ram Dass who once was asked, did you get rid of all your personality problems and he replied, "no.. but I've become a connoisseur of my neurosis."  In another section, Jack talks about vocation or purpose in life.  I found this to be particularly well done and personally meaningful.  While the book is good, I think you may get more out of the audio CD because you get to hear the tone of his voice and inflections.  I think this carries a part of the communication that doesn't come across in his books.In another section, Jack talks about vocation or purpose in life.  I found this to be particularly well done and personally meaningful.  While the book is good, I think you may get more out of the audio CD because you get to hear the tone of his voice and inflections.  I think this carries a part of the communication that doesn't come across in his books.My favorite taped work by Jack Kornfield is your Buddha Nature.  This is on the 10 paramitas (perfections) and I think it represents his most poignant expression of his thinking on life.  If you like After the Ecstasy, the Laundry... you may want to consider purchasing this as well
 This book is inspiring!The coverage is very broad and it can serve as a handbook for graduate students. Even the hardest bits of econometrics are explained in an easy to understand way.My personal favourites are chapters 16, 17 and 18.I will definetely buy a hardcover of the next edition of this econometrics masterpiece.Summing up, it's one of my favourite books.
 This book is full of useful insights.  I was fortunate to hear Reichheld present this content at a seminar for marketing professionals.  While some reviewers have complained that his approach is overly simplistic, I doubt any of them have actually applied his methodology to their business.  I applied his methodology to my business (direct selling) and had over 6,000 interviews completed to identify promoters, passives and detractors in the businesses of independent distributors.  Consistent with Reichheld's findings, the segments of my business that were growing fastest had more promoters in their respective customer bases and were performing better across a wide range of metrics.  From the detailed findings, we identified best practices that were leveraged across the entire business.  Buy the book.  Have an open mind.  Apply the concepts he has laid out.  If you do, you will walk away with useful ideas to accelerate the growth of your business
 This series of books is a beast that has possessed me with its great storylines, characters and cliffhanger endings.  Kudoes to LaHaye
 Bishop presents an entertaining history of bees and beekeeping, and gives us an absolutely fascinting tour into the relationship between humans and bees, both ancient and modern. What she misses are her science references:Bishop presents an entertaining history of bees and beekeeping, and gives us an absolutely fascinting tour into the relationship between humans and bees, both ancient and modern. What she misses are her science references:On page 142, Bishop recounts the removal of a stinger: "...he grabbed the whole sac, which simply squeezed in more venom." This is not true. It is an oft-repeated piece of conventional wisdom, but in 1996, entomologists at UC Riverside published an article in The Lancet (348:301-302), with the conclusion that rather than removal method, speed is of the essence. Visscher and Vetter wrote of their conclusion: "The method of removal is irrelevant, but even slight delays in removal caused by concerns over performing it correctly (or getting out a knife blade or credit card) are likely to increase the dose of venom received. The advice should be changed to simply emphasize that the sting should be removed, and as quickly as possible." On page 142, Bishop recounts the removal of a stinger: "...he grabbed the whole sac, which simply squeezed in more venom." This is not true. It is an oft-repeated piece of conventional wisdom, but in 1996, entomologists at UC Riverside published an article in The Lancet (348:301-302), with the conclusion that rather than removal method, speed is of the essence. Visscher and Vetter wrote of their conclusion: "The method of removal is irrelevant, but even slight delays in removal caused by concerns over performing it correctly (or getting out a knife blade or credit card) are likely to increase the dose of venom received. The advice should be changed to simply emphasize that the sting should be removed, and as quickly as possible." On page 276, Bishop writes about royal jelly "...worker bees secrete and feed exclusively to a select few fertilized eggs, one of which, on this special diet, will grow into a queen."  This is patently incorrect. Royal jelly, as all beekeepers know, is fed to all the brood by nursery bees for the first 2-3 days of the brood's development. After this time, most brood who are not destined to be queens will receive pollen as food, whereas queens are fed the jelly all their lives. It is rather stunning that an author who keeps bees herself and obviouly spent considerable efforts in researching her book can make such a glaring error in bee knowledge. On page 276, Bishop writes about royal jelly "...worker bees secrete and feed exclusively to a select few fertilized eggs, one of which, on this special diet, will grow into a queen."  This is patently incorrect. Royal jelly, as all beekeepers know, is fed to all the brood by nursery bees for the first 2-3 days of the brood's development. After this time, most brood who are not destined to be queens will receive pollen as food, whereas queens are fed the jelly all their lives. It is rather stunning that an author who keeps bees herself and obviouly spent considerable efforts in researching her book can make such a glaring error in bee knowledge. This was quite a blow to me at this point in the book as I have enjoyed the book very much, and to run into such a blatantly uninformed statement from the author caused me major disappointment. Otherwise, this is quite a good, absorbing read.
 Very good book. She did it again, draws you in so you can relate to all characters and their issues. Book 2 stayed interesting continuously. Looking forward to Book 3
 TRUMAN CAPOTE's wrote THE GRASS HARP early in his career and it is an often overlooked gem.  This sweet, eccentric, moving and decidedly southern tale is the leisurely paced story of the repercussions that ensue when three townfolk decide to up and run away to live in a treehouse on the outskirts of town.  Three quickly becomes five and eventually swells to even more as the makeshift home becomes a sort of paradise and refuge where stories are shared, closeness is established, and love blooms....think FLANNERY O'CONNOR meets SWISS FAMILY ROBINSON with a dash of STEEL MAGNOLIAS.  Themes of finding one's place and path and making oneself known are skillfully woven into the narrative.  It has the feel of a fantastic and utterly charming myth.  Primary assets are the "thick as molasses" southern mood and syntax as well as a bevy of unforgettable characters. 
 The big gift that the present public school system bestows upon most of us is a giant inferiority complex.  Few of us ever wake up to the mental prison-cells that society has put us in and fewer still escape.  Anne Lamott's book is one of those that not only encourages people but shows them how to let go of their perfectionism and internal critic and all the other fears and ego traps that keep us from creating.  Once you get past this junk, you begin to see you don't really need books telling you how to write at all.  You just need to write.  
 This is my favorite kid's book--and I've read a lot of books to my four-year-old! The illustrations are simply wonderful and the story is great. It just begs you to use funny voices as you read. I buy it as a gift for every birthday party
 I'm generally into non-fiction and new to Nora Roberts, but I enjoyed "Northen Lights" very much. The book is well crafted with a believable plot and a group of quirky likeable charcters. I was sorry to finish the book and found myself wanting to vist "Lunacy Alaska" again. Final test was I ordered and sent the book to a dear very literate friend; she enjoyed it as much as I did
 Of all the articles and books of Chomsky that I have read, Necessary Illusions: Thought Control in Democratic Societies is without doubt the most exhaustively researched (and footnoted), the most logically  structured, and the most convincing. Chomsky reminds us that the majority  of the populace rely on the various media institutions for their  information about political affairs; both domestic and foreign. One can  only hold an opinion on a topic if one knows about the topic. So take, for  example, the popular myth of the 'persistent Soviet vetoe' at the UN during  the cold war. Why do people believe the USSR was constantly vetoeing any  and every Security Council Resolution? Simple! When they did, it generated  front page condemnation. When the US or the UK exercised their right of  veteo: silence. As Chomsky notes, during the years of 1970 and 1989 the  former Soviet Union veteod 8 resolutions. The US veteod some 56. This is  what Chomsky refers to as Thought Control. Unless the public examine the  factual record of the UN themselves, they will never come by this  information, (at least not in the mainstream press). So although Chomsky's  title may appear somewhat paradoxical, or oxymoronic, a moments reflection  on such facts shows it to be, in fact, extremenly pragmatic and truthful.  The question is, have you the honesty and sheer guts to question yourself  and challenge the information which has contributed to your beliefs?  The  crux of Chomsky's argument is that propaganda is to a democracy what  violence is to a dictatorship. Chomsky points out that, in fact, propaganda  is, contrary to popular postulations, more important and vital to a  democratic society because people still have some rights. That is, since  people can talk, the powers that be must ensure that only the correct words  come out of the peoples' mouths. In a dictatorship it does not really  matter too much what people think; for whatever they may think, they have  to do what they are told, by pain of death. In countries such as the US  (and the UK) other, more subtle, methods are required.  People often  critisise Chomsky for the sources of his information (the copious  footnotes). No such critique can be levelled at this work. Chomsky's  sources are declassified internal planning documents, naval proceedings  documents, and the very institutions he examines, New York Times,  Washington Post etc. If there was one Chomsky book I would suggest you to  read, this would be it
 Naomi Shihab Nye is a bridge-builder.  She reaches out to those of other cultures, and always expresses understanding of those sometimes forgotten in our society.  A good book for all ages
 Pat was right!  Anyone read the news lately?  Bush has succeeded only in creating more terrorists.  Mission accomplished.  Buchanan may have some whacky views about illegal aliens, but he knows his foreign policy when it comes to warfare and economics.  If he and Ralph Nader didn't dislike eachother so much they would no doubt make the best running mates this country has seen in half a century.   
 "East of Eden" is a beautifully written, sprawling, three generation saga of the men and women who settled the Salinas Valley in California. The story begins far away in the East, on the farm of the unscrupulous Cyrus Trask and his two sons, Adam and Charles. Adam is an upright, honest young man who naturally draws people to him, while Charles has an angry, violent spirit.Charles tries in vain to earn the love of his father, and takes his anger at his failure out on Adam. Adam is sent by his father into the army as a sign of his love, but Cyrus keeps Charles close to home, knowing that war would release something dangerous and violent in his other son. Charles tries in vain to earn the love of his father, and takes his anger at his failure out on Adam. Adam is sent by his father into the army as a sign of his love, but Cyrus keeps Charles close to home, knowing that war would release something dangerous and violent in his other son. Adam wanders for many years across the country after his service, and some of the most lyrical passages in the book describe his life as a tramp, closely mirroring Steinbeck's own experiences during the Depression. Finally he returns to the farm and exists in uneasy partnership with Charles until the mysterious Cathy arrives. The more astute Charles quickly realizes her true nature, but innocent Adam marries her and they move to California. Adam wanders for many years across the country after his service, and some of the most lyrical passages in the book describe his life as a tramp, closely mirroring Steinbeck's own experiences during the Depression. Finally he returns to the farm and exists in uneasy partnership with Charles until the mysterious Cathy arrives. The more astute Charles quickly realizes her true nature, but innocent Adam marries her and they move to California. Adam expects Cathy to pursue his dream of life on a ranch, but Cathy is a vicious, evil character with no redeeming qualities, and after the birth of twin sons she escapes only to re-emerge much later when her sons are grown. Adam hibernates for many years on the ranch, broken-hearted over Cathy's desertion, and convinced he must hide the secret from his sons forever, which become an impossible task. Repeating the pattern of their father's life, the twins Aron and Caleb vie for their father's love, with Aron effortlessly winning it while Caleb comes to believe there is something evil lurking in his spirit. But this time around, Caleb is redeemed in a way Charles never was.Adam expects Cathy to pursue his dream of life on a ranch, but Cathy is a vicious, evil character with no redeeming qualities, and after the birth of twin sons she escapes only to re-emerge much later when her sons are grown. Adam hibernates for many years on the ranch, broken-hearted over Cathy's desertion, and convinced he must hide the secret from his sons forever, which become an impossible task. Repeating the pattern of their father's life, the twins Aron and Caleb vie for their father's love, with Aron effortlessly winning it while Caleb comes to believe there is something evil lurking in his spirit. But this time around, Caleb is redeemed in a way Charles never was.Steinbeck's prose is masterful, and his descriptions of the Salinas Valley, lush with the rains, brutal with the drought, capture exactly why men were drawn to the west. His portrayals of character and motives--sadly lacking in the movie--are totally convincing, and his Adam is a flawed but admirable character. Steinbeck's prose is masterful, and his descriptions of the Salinas Valley, lush with the rains, brutal with the drought, capture exactly why men were drawn to the west. His portrayals of character and motives--sadly lacking in the movie--are totally convincing, and his Adam is a flawed but admirable character. Steinbeck has been a bit out of favor--at least until this was chosen as an Oprah book. As an English-as-a-second-language teacher I recently taught "The Pearl," and that book too surprised me with its gorgeous writing and subtle imagery. (We all read it in high school but I now realize it went right over my head.) Try Steinbeck again--you won't be disappointed--my book club wasn't!
 If you liked Empire, you'll love Multitude. The authors and reviewers alike speak of Multitude as a follow up to Empire, but I think something very different is happening here. Hardt and Negri have pushed and pulled each other forward over a vast and forbidding territory, and in Multitude they have attained a height/depth of perception well beyond Empire. If you are attempting to learn your radicalism, or inform your progressivism, through Hardt and Negri, then you may see Multitude as continuing from and expanding Empire, and you may also join the chorus bemoaning the perceived digressiveness and discursiveness of both books. But what we actually have here are two attempts at the same fateful book: where Empire was the best try we had at the time, Multitude now succeeds. Where the digression in Empire circled around the feeling of our world-cultural hematopoiesis, the discursion in Multitude captures it.If you liked Empire, you'll love Multitude. The authors and reviewers alike speak of Multitude as a follow up to Empire, but I think something very different is happening here. Hardt and Negri have pushed and pulled each other forward over a vast and forbidding territory, and in Multitude they have attained a height/depth of perception well beyond Empire. If you are attempting to learn your radicalism, or inform your progressivism, through Hardt and Negri, then you may see Multitude as continuing from and expanding Empire, and you may also join the chorus bemoaning the perceived digressiveness and discursiveness of both books. But what we actually have here are two attempts at the same fateful book: where Empire was the best try we had at the time, Multitude now succeeds. Where the digression in Empire circled around the feeling of our world-cultural hematopoiesis, the discursion in Multitude captures it.Fukuyama attempted to deal with Multitude in the July 25th NYT Book Review, and either utterly failed at, or purposefully decided to avoid, addressing the book qua philosophy. At this point in his apologizing for economists, it is hard to imagine that Fukuyama's name has ever been mentioned in the same breath as Hegel, or that he has ever actually read any of the German Idealists;- whereas with Hardt and Negri, we almost have that level of man among us again. For Fukuyama, history has indeed ended, because he has stopped feeling it and can now only move around his darkened signifiers. For Hardt and Negri, and for those who have read, listened, and felt their way into the great becoming that is world history, we are indeed not at its end, but at its very beginning. Fukuyama attempted to deal with Multitude in the July 25th NYT Book Review, and either utterly failed at, or purposefully decided to avoid, addressing the book qua philosophy. At this point in his apologizing for economists, it is hard to imagine that Fukuyama's name has ever been mentioned in the same breath as Hegel, or that he has ever actually read any of the German Idealists;- whereas with Hardt and Negri, we almost have that level of man among us again. For Fukuyama, history has indeed ended, because he has stopped feeling it and can now only move around his darkened signifiers. For Hardt and Negri, and for those who have read, listened, and felt their way into the great becoming that is world history, we are indeed not at its end, but at its very beginning. The chief problem with this book is that the English language, as a field of common meaning, is not up to handling this level of thought anymore. (E.g., the very British cheery insufficiency of George Monbiot's 'Manifesto for a New World Order'.) Hardt and Negri wrote Multitude in English, but were thinking in German, that neoplatonic lego of a language. So, if you consider yourself progressive but can't get the feeling and sweep of Multitude, then trash your TV, stop reading anything written after 1930 for a few years, then come back to it. You will find you have become allergic to CNN, but you will also find that - finally - you can *feel* what the world and her history are all about.
   I found this to be a real page-turner.  It addressed all the issues leading to the near destruction of the High Plains in the 1930s: agricultural, social, political.  Dealing heavily with first-person accounts, I learned about the Dust Bowl, the depression, and the psychology of the times.  Great book
 A very good crime fiction book. Connelly fans should buy this book without any hesitation if you don't have it already. Why it's good?A very good crime fiction book. Connelly fans should buy this book without any hesitation if you don't have it already. Why it's good?1) Connelly is very good at creating 3 dimensional, believable, realistic characters and this book is no different.2) A very realistic behind the scene look in the inner workings of a police department, he's supposed to have been a crime beat writer.3) Logical plot. His books are not as fast flowing or edge of the seat exciting or scary as some thrillers, but they can't be if they are crime fiction. Rather, he takes you through the investigation step by step, going through the process that his detectives go through so you can see how they solve the crime. 3) Logical plot. His books are not as fast flowing or edge of the seat exciting or scary as some thrillers, but they can't be if they are crime fiction. Rather, he takes you through the investigation step by step, going through the process that his detectives go through so you can see how they solve the crime. Cons: The only con I have is that the books are somewhat noir (I'm plagarizing this word from some other review). The thing is, Bosch is not your spiffy "yes sir", toe the blue line cop. And so, even though you want Bosch not to stir the pot and just get on with his detecting he does his best to sabotage his position in the force and your wishes, well, c'est la vie, apparently Connelly likes to put angst in his readers' lives.Cons: The only con I have is that the books are somewhat noir (I'm plagarizing this word from some other review). The thing is, Bosch is not your spiffy "yes sir", toe the blue line cop. And so, even though you want Bosch not to stir the pot and just get on with his detecting he does his best to sabotage his position in the force and your wishes, well, c'est la vie, apparently Connelly likes to put angst in his readers' lives.I'm not going to spoil the book, if you must know what the book is about you can read the intro. All I'm trying to get across is why this book is good. A must buy
 This was, by far, one of the most inspirational books I have ever read. The ramifications of this book have had far reaching effects on all aspects of my life. This is a must read for anyone going through a custody dispute. The author really knew what she was talking about
 Anyone who wishes to build a Japanese tea room either in the garden or attached to their house could do well to start with this book. You can also use this book to design accents for a single room, or to craft an entire house. It was written by a German architect who  lived in Japan several decades ago and carefully measured surving older buildings as well as studying architecture there. While there are more detailed books in Japanese, this may well still be the best available book in English
 I read this book a couple of years ago, and I have just recently started to read it again. As much as I liked Lonsome Dove and Larry McMurtry's ability to wrenches your heart by eliminating characters you fall for; Greg  Matthews stings your senses with the characters he develops
 This volume contains a lot of valuable information, and is the only work of its kind I am aware of, ie an exhaustive survey of worldwide charismatic Christianity. That alone earns it four stars.This volume contains a lot of valuable information, and is the only work of its kind I am aware of, ie an exhaustive survey of worldwide charismatic Christianity. That alone earns it four stars.However, I was disappointed that the editors chose to write from a pro-charismatic bias that may alienate non-charismatics. Indeed, some of the shorter entries seem more like blurbs for the ministers and movements they represent rather than academic, encyclopaedic introductions. The problem is not with what information is included so much as what information is *not* included - for example, absent from the entry on Oral Roberts is any mention of the dubious fundraising techniques and outrageous publicity stunts for which he is most (in)famous. Ian Bilby's entry details his leadership of Elim New Zealand, but includes no mention of the sexual scandal that led to his removal as Elim's NZ leader. All but the most staggering embarrassments in Pentecostalism's history seem glossed over, as if not offending anyone was a major principle in deciding what to include.However, I was disappointed that the editors chose to write from a pro-charismatic bias that may alienate non-charismatics. Indeed, some of the shorter entries seem more like blurbs for the ministers and movements they represent rather than academic, encyclopaedic introductions. The problem is not with what information is included so much as what information is *not* included - for example, absent from the entry on Oral Roberts is any mention of the dubious fundraising techniques and outrageous publicity stunts for which he is most (in)famous. Ian Bilby's entry details his leadership of Elim New Zealand, but includes no mention of the sexual scandal that led to his removal as Elim's NZ leader. All but the most staggering embarrassments in Pentecostalism's history seem glossed over, as if not offending anyone was a major principle in deciding what to include.I would expect a scholarly work to reflect both the glory and the shame of this important subject. This is an annoyance in an otherwise very good work.
 This Bible dictionary is a one volume source for nearly everything associated with or found in the Bible.  It covers the Bible cover to cover with personalities, places, themes, concepts, etc.  Anyone who needs a resource for Bible studies or just for general knowledge will want to own this book.  Church libraries should have it available for library users. This is an excellent resource.This Bible dictionary is a one volume source for nearly everything associated with or found in the Bible.  It covers the Bible cover to cover with personalities, places, themes, concepts, etc.  Anyone who needs a resource for Bible studies or just for general knowledge will want to own this book.  Church libraries should have it available for library users. This is an excellent resource.The editors chose authors who can write succinctly and clearly when they write on their subjects.  Readers will appreciate the thoroughness as well as the readability of this book.The editors chose authors who can write succinctly and clearly when they write on their subjects.  Readers will appreciate the thoroughness as well as the readability of this book.I can't emphasize it enough.  This book is a must have for anyone interested in the Bible
 An excellent overall guide for both beginners in weight training and women who are familiar with their local gym!  In this book you will find weekly workout plans laid out clearly for you as well as other lifesyle suggestions to meet your health and fitness/physique goals
 Any beginner or intermediate learner, who wants to be enlightened on the basic mechanisms of both computer and its peripheral devices, would be laying a good foundation by starting with this book. Without compromising its concise outlook, the coverage of this book is as comprehensive as it is illustrative. Its updated chapters are well-appreciated, although that anyone who currently owns the seventh or even the sixth edition would not be missing much by sticking with either editions.Despite being labelled "How Computers Work", the contents of this book are not limited to PCs. They covered other related issues like: Networking, Multimedia, Printers, Software, and so on. Detailed explanations, which are frequently complemented by high-resolution graphics are abundant. This book literally takes its reader into the 'engine room' that keeps a computer running. It is an impressive virtual tour on paper!However, if you are an advanced learner, this book will be of little use to you. In fact, there is hardly anything in it that any self-respecting advanced learner has not come across. Likewise, Apple/Mac stalwarts need not invest in it. Its focus is entirely on the PC: with no room for Mac.All-in-all, the uniqueness of this book is plausible. It is a welcomed advantage. Every PC component, as well as peripherals, are laid bare. It is a resourceful hand-holding tools for beginners: a worthy and dependable guide for any novice
 I read a lot of books about gay guys, girls, ect. but never have I picked up one that touched so well on the subject of homophobia.  It's a simple enough story to read, compared to some other gay authors but it touches extremely well on problems that one can encounter growing up, first with weight, then intelligence, then being gay.  I couldn't put it down after the first chapter
 This book was like Madonna's famous photographic book of 1992 when it hit the shelves in the 1960's. This is Brown's manifesto on the liberal lifestyle which was spawned in that era. Reader beware ... choices and actions have consequence ... and ponder very carefully before being Cosmopolitan long after the expiration date. Living it up does NOT mean reckless behavior. Values are personal but when one woman's values cause her to act in ways that impose the boundaries onto another (ie - affairs with married men) it is as much an imposition as bible thumping over others' heads. People are free to do what they want but if they go down a certain road they have no right to take unwilling others down the path with them. Although now dated and updated with Sex and the City - ask yourself if you really want to be wild your whole life. Retiring one lifestyle for something stable is a rather good thing when the time is right. Helen Gurley Brown has done alot of good for women pursuing careers, enjouing the single life, and having an identity ... but too much too long has a cost. Do you really want to be like Brown and her counterpart Hefner ... 80 years old and taking hormones in some attempt at youth?
 This review is written from the perspective of a serious home cook that has been studying cooking for 25 years and concentrating on Italian cooking for the last 10 years.This review is written from the perspective of a serious home cook that has been studying cooking for 25 years and concentrating on Italian cooking for the last 10 years.This book is targeted to anyone that wants to learn the history of Italian cooking. This book is full of both information and recipes.  This was one of my first Italian cookbooks, and is still one of my favorites.  This book is an authentic Italian cookbook not the Italian-American type that we are accustomed to in the USA.  If you want a good comprehensive book on authentic Italian food this is one of the books that I would recommend.This book is targeted to anyone that wants to learn the history of Italian cooking. This book is full of both information and recipes.  This was one of my first Italian cookbooks, and is still one of my favorites.  This book is an authentic Italian cookbook not the Italian-American type that we are accustomed to in the USA.  If you want a good comprehensive book on authentic Italian food this is one of the books that I would recommend.However, if you are a beginner Italian cook, this is not the book for you.  The directions are written for someone that is familiar with the Italian kitchen.  The author assumes you have a basic knowledge of the Italian kitchen and typical recipes.However, if you are a beginner Italian cook, this is not the book for you.  The directions are written for someone that is familiar with the Italian kitchen.  The author assumes you have a basic knowledge of the Italian kitchen and typical recipes.One complaint, and it is minor, is the lack of glossy photographs that I have become so accustomed to in cookbooks.  The recipes in this book more than make up for the lack of photographs.One complaint, and it is minor, is the lack of glossy photographs that I have become so accustomed to in cookbooks.  The recipes in this book more than make up for the lack of photographs.Overall this book is highly recommended for those that are serious about Italian cooking
 Before the Epiricist philosophers came along, it was generally accepted that there were certain things that humans merely knew facts to be true. Basic philosophical concepts were reasoned to be true by a priori reasoning. Thus, complex metaphysical ideas were formed by inductive logic, working off what was assumed to be true. Then Hume came along and destroyed more than two thousand years of metaphysics. Hume showed that everything we know can be broken down in to two categories: Relations of Ideas and Matters of Fact. Relations of Ideas are things that a true by defintion. 2+2 will always equal 4, because that is how it is defined. Try as we might, we can never successfully imagine 2+2 equalling 5. So relations of facts do not really tell us anything about the natural world. They are definitions we use to describe what is happening. Matters of fact, on the other hand, are ideas we have that arise from our experience with the world, such as "The Sun will rise tomorrow morning." Unlike with Relations of Ideas, Matters of Fact are not true my their defintition. We can imagine successfully "The Sun will not rise tomorrow." How, then, if we can imagine the supposed impossible, do we know anything to be truly impossible? Hume creates the basis for philosophical skepticism in this enquiry. He effectively show us that we can never know anything to be absolutely true. It wasn't until Kant's Critique of Pure Reason that philosophy recovered from the blow of Hume's metaphysics. This is a seminal text in the history of metaphysical and epistimilogical work and should be read by any and all philosophers
 Elie Wiesel's And The Sea Is Never Full provides the concluding volume of memoirs, relating his meetings with world leaders, his travels, and his diplomatic adventures. Familiarity with Wiesel's importance and his prior  memoirs will lend a special appreciation for this concluding volume
 I really enjoyed this book from beginning to end. There are some very touching passages that get to the heart of what a good marriage is and the unique bond that husband and wife share. I am glad this story wasn't about finding new love soon after losing someone who was clearly her best friend and soul mate. For the most part it is about finding other areas of pleasure in your life through exploring different types of bonds with friends old and new. It is also about new beginnings while still honoring the memory of the one she's lost. I could read this novel over and over. The deep respect for marriage is refreshing in a world that can be dismissive of marriage's sanctity and too often focused on those that fail
 You know the author is good when he can make you tear up for a former KKK member on Death Row. While the book was a little slow at times, I couldn't wait to turn the page and find out what happens next. If you like John Grisham, you'll like this book.
 This book is HYSTERICAL!This book is HYSTERICAL!Check out the video (above) of the housewife slapping her husband's butt with a spoon while she's got him bent over the kitchen counter!!!!!!while she's got him bent over the kitchen counter!!!!!!FUNNY
 hercule poirot is up again to a very baffling mystery...this mystery is about one family that facing a crisis after one of the memeber dies...and in this family case,christie once again using her expertise (ie mystery surrounding the family) in manipulating her imagination according to the right situation...and i can assure you that you will thoroughly satisfy after you read this book..
 Ayn Rand's masterwork earns its reputation as a monumentally influential book.  It is at least as important today as it was when it was published in 1957.  Altas Shrugged lays out, in the form of a sprawling novel, Rand's philosophy, Objectivism.  It has been said in a couple of different surveys that the book is ranked by Americans as the second most influencial to them, trailing only the Bible.Ayn Rand's masterwork earns its reputation as a monumentally influential book.  It is at least as important today as it was when it was published in 1957.  Altas Shrugged lays out, in the form of a sprawling novel, Rand's philosophy, Objectivism.  It has been said in a couple of different surveys that the book is ranked by Americans as the second most influencial to them, trailing only the Bible.Atlas Shrugged covers a lot of philosophical ground, but at its heart is a story that drives home the importance of the people who produce disproportionately in society; people who invent, design, build, manufacture, improve and manage.  She lays out the a story of a society that resents these people and their wealth despite the fact that they earned it and that they improved everyone's standard of living while they improved their own.  Mysteriously, society's producers start vanishing, one at a time until almost none are left.  The outcome and the explanation are fun reading while they make an important point.Atlas Shrugged covers a lot of philosophical ground, but at its heart is a story that drives home the importance of the people who produce disproportionately in society; people who invent, design, build, manufacture, improve and manage.  She lays out the a story of a society that resents these people and their wealth despite the fact that they earned it and that they improved everyone's standard of living while they improved their own.  Mysteriously, society's producers start vanishing, one at a time until almost none are left.  The outcome and the explanation are fun reading while they make an important point.Our society has been wealthy enough for long enough that it is way too easy to take that wealth for granted and forget where it comes from.  The decisions we make when we fail to keep in mind the source of the wealth do really have the power to make our standard of living go away.  Rand reminds us of this critical, but easily forgotten lesson in an eloquent way.Our society has been wealthy enough for long enough that it is way too easy to take that wealth for granted and forget where it comes from.  The decisions we make when we fail to keep in mind the source of the wealth do really have the power to make our standard of living go away.  Rand reminds us of this critical, but easily forgotten lesson in an eloquent way.Read it and then tell ten friends to read it too.  More of us need to see this side of the story.  The fact that it's unpopular right now just makes it that much more fun
 If you are going to read only one of Virginia Woolf's many works, this is the one to read.  She is the greatest novelist, but her novels cannot be equal, some being better or more universal than others.  She really *arrives* in this one.  I first read it twenty years ago in college, but I still think of phrases, thoughts, and concepts from this book.  The novel's themes resonate the way poetry does.  Worth the reputation.  I hope no one ever tries to make a movie out of this one
   Horowitz with the help of researchers provides glimpses of the "101 most dangerous academics in America." Your own political outlook will determine whether you think Horowitz is an American hero or a buffoon.  Horowitz with the help of researchers provides glimpses of the "101 most dangerous academics in America." Your own political outlook will determine whether you think Horowitz is an American hero or a buffoon.  I'll vote for American hero as Horowitz provides details on professors whose very existence on a campus should motivate people concerned for their children and the destiny of the United States to march on the legislatures that use taxpayer funds to pay most of these "academics" demanding their immediate termination.  I'll vote for American hero as Horowitz provides details on professors whose very existence on a campus should motivate people concerned for their children and the destiny of the United States to march on the legislatures that use taxpayer funds to pay most of these "academics" demanding their immediate termination.  College has changed. Where the goal was once to teach young minds to think independently, it is now a place for intdoctrination, with punishment meted out for non-conformance to the various left-wing doctrines being rammed down the throats of young adults.  College has changed. Where the goal was once to teach young minds to think independently, it is now a place for intdoctrination, with punishment meted out for non-conformance to the various left-wing doctrines being rammed down the throats of young adults.  The book is so densely packed that choosing representative excerpts could easily create a shorter bookof its own. For example, Professor Jose Angel Gutierrez opines "[w]e have got to eliminate the gringo, and what I mean by that is if the worst comes to the worst, we have got to kill him." This from a licensed attorney, now a professor paid from the public purse - taxpayer dollars. Prof. Alison Jaggar, another beneficiary of taxpayer money, seeks to combat the "male-dominant structure of everyday life." She seeks, essentially, a world without men. Not exactly an inclusive outlook.  The book is so densely packed that choosing representative excerpts could easily create a shorter bookof its own. For example, Professor Jose Angel Gutierrez opines "[w]e have got to eliminate the gringo, and what I mean by that is if the worst comes to the worst, we have got to kill him." This from a licensed attorney, now a professor paid from the public purse - taxpayer dollars. Prof. Alison Jaggar, another beneficiary of taxpayer money, seeks to combat the "male-dominant structure of everyday life." She seeks, essentially, a world without men. Not exactly an inclusive outlook.  The examples cited above are mild. Most are far worse - and these are the people, often supported by taxpayers in public colleges, who are forcing their views into the minds of young people. With tenure and increasing control of the hiring process, other views are shut out of the academy. The academy itself is being converted into a political training ground. Many of these left-wing radicals are tenured and can not be fired, not even the likes of Prof. Haunani-Kay Trask who says "[t]he enemy is the United States of America and everyone who supports it." She also advocates the deportation of all non-ethnic Hawaiians from the islands. And the taxpayers foot the bill for her to "teach".  The examples cited above are mild. Most are far worse - and these are the people, often supported by taxpayers in public colleges, who are forcing their views into the minds of young people. With tenure and increasing control of the hiring process, other views are shut out of the academy. The academy itself is being converted into a political training ground. Many of these left-wing radicals are tenured and can not be fired, not even the likes of Prof. Haunani-Kay Trask who says "[t]he enemy is the United States of America and everyone who supports it." She also advocates the deportation of all non-ethnic Hawaiians from the islands. And the taxpayers foot the bill for her to "teach".  Some of the names are familiar to many as talking heads, such as Prof. Joseph Massad who demands the destruction of Israel and denies that the Jews are a nation. Imagine what happens to a student, a Jewish student in particular, who disputes Massad's views. This happened and Massad screamed at the students. When the matter was investigated - a rarity - Massad conveniently couldn't remember the incidents.  Some of the names are familiar to many as talking heads, such as Prof. Joseph Massad who demands the destruction of Israel and denies that the Jews are a nation. Imagine what happens to a student, a Jewish student in particular, who disputes Massad's views. This happened and Massad screamed at the students. When the matter was investigated - a rarity - Massad conveniently couldn't remember the incidents.  Other of these professors make equally outlandish claims, many of them based on race, gender or sexual preference.  Other of these professors make equally outlandish claims, many of them based on race, gender or sexual preference.  Reading this book is a sure invitation to outrage - and then depression as you realize that there is little the average citizen can do to stop what is happening, unless citizens band together to create enough of an uproar as does happen on all too rare occasion.  Reading this book is a sure invitation to outrage - and then depression as you realize that there is little the average citizen can do to stop what is happening, unless citizens band together to create enough of an uproar as does happen on all too rare occasion.  A must-read for anyone concerned with the fate of America's young minds and the nation itself.  A must-read for anyone concerned with the fate of America's young minds and the nation itself.Jerr
 This book is a story about a girl named Valerie. Her life is turned in the direction of weird when her mom anouccnces that she wants a divorce because she has found a new love. With another woman!! With this scary detail in mind Valerie's dad has been called on business to a small unknow country in Europe to be a royal chef.One good thing does happen to her though. When in the library trying to figure out her new school test she mets the Prince. Prince Greog. To find out more read Royally Jacked.And remember even if the begining is boring keep going cuz the book does get better and continues to do so.So enjoy:
 I bought this book because it was required for a class I am taking.  I had the 3rd Edition already and wasn't too impressed.  But this 5th Edition is much more appealing.  I just became PMP certified and reviewing this book before taking the exam was a great primer to get my head out of pure PMBOK and into real world Project Management.  The case studies and Directed Readings are great for seeing real world PM activities.  I would suggest the book for guidance and classroom type learning.  If you're an experienced PM then this book is too academic and won't feed your intellect.  Buy something else
 If not, here is a chance to find out. Two figures left an imprint on the French art amidst the turbulent times of the late nineteenth century. Manet, whom history dubbed the father of Impressionism (although at the time art critics branded him untalented) and Meissonier, then the highest paid painters and now a figure obscured by history. How did time turn the tables on these two characters? Why is Meissonier forgotten, while the Manet's paintings sell with $20 million price tag? The answer is in this book. If not, here is a chance to find out. Two figures left an imprint on the French art amidst the turbulent times of the late nineteenth century. Manet, whom history dubbed the father of Impressionism (although at the time art critics branded him untalented) and Meissonier, then the highest paid painters and now a figure obscured by history. How did time turn the tables on these two characters? Why is Meissonier forgotten, while the Manet's paintings sell with $20 million price tag? The answer is in this book. Mr. King's skillful examination of the art's progression from its realism to the appearance of impressionism in the latter part of 1800's makes for a delightful reading. He analyzes the art critics of the time, the leading political figures, the consequences of a war with Prussia, the French life and French economy. Mr. King's skillful examination of the art's progression from its realism to the appearance of impressionism in the latter part of 1800's makes for a delightful reading. He analyzes the art critics of the time, the leading political figures, the consequences of a war with Prussia, the French life and French economy. Written with intellectual appeal and with an eye on the events that drove history, The Judgment of Paris is highly recommend to all lovers of historical non-fiction. Written with intellectual appeal and with an eye on the events that drove history, The Judgment of Paris is highly recommend to all lovers of historical non-fiction. -by Simon Cleveland
 This book is more dated than THE SECRET GARDEN, but it's still a great story. It's hard NOT to identify with Sara Crewe.This book is more dated than THE SECRET GARDEN, but it's still a great story. It's hard NOT to identify with Sara Crewe.I loved this book as a child (though not as much as I loved THE SECRET GARDEN, which I think is a better book). However, A LITTLE PRINCESS may appeal more to some people; some readers may find the story stronger and the main character, Sara Crewe, more likable. Sara's determination to stay herself despite how other people treat her and view her is inspiring and may help readers through tough times of their own. Some scenes (I don't want to spoil the surprise by describing them) are magical.  I loved this book as a child (though not as much as I loved THE SECRET GARDEN, which I think is a better book). However, A LITTLE PRINCESS may appeal more to some people; some readers may find the story stronger and the main character, Sara Crewe, more likable. Sara's determination to stay herself despite how other people treat her and view her is inspiring and may help readers through tough times of their own. Some scenes (I don't want to spoil the surprise by describing them) are magical.  A LITTLE PRINCESS is a great story that makes readers think. Some of those thoughts make you uncomfortable, like the thoughts about differences between rich and poor children - but that (I think) is part of the book's greatness. A LITTLE PRINCESS is a great story that makes readers think. Some of those thoughts make you uncomfortable, like the thoughts about differences between rich and poor children - but that (I think) is part of the book's greatness. Be sure to get an unabridged edition: this book is beautifully written and should not be simplified. Kids now CAN read and will love this book: at least, every girl to whom I have given a copy has read it and reread it -- on her own.Be sure to get an unabridged edition: this book is beautifully written and should not be simplified. Kids now CAN read and will love this book: at least, every girl to whom I have given a copy has read it and reread it -- on her own.For a modern, well-written book about another girl at an English boarding school, read Libby Koponen's BLOW OUT THE MOON. It has the same classic feel, though American heroine is very different from Sara in some ways (though she too is determined to hang onto her identity) and MOON is quite funny
 A useful reference work for anyone interested in the literature of the ancient world, The Oxford Companion to Classical Literature is arranged alphabetically and contains encyclopedic entries for all of the major authors and their particular works, Greek and Latin gods, mythological characters, histories of Greece and Rome, major historical figures, and relevant places. A useful reference work for anyone interested in the literature of the ancient world, The Oxford Companion to Classical Literature is arranged alphabetically and contains encyclopedic entries for all of the major authors and their particular works, Greek and Latin gods, mythological characters, histories of Greece and Rome, major historical figures, and relevant places. The original edition of the 1930s by Sir Paul Harvey became a classic of its own and was intended by the author to be a handbook of information for readers of the Greek and Latin authors and of modern works that touched upon the classical world. The current second edition is edited by Margaret Howatson, who revises and enlarges the Harvey edition. She notes that while a few of the entries on technical subjects were written with classical specialists in mind, the book generally requires no knowledge of Greek or Latin and is intended for anyone curious to find out more about the classical world.The original edition of the 1930s by Sir Paul Harvey became a classic of its own and was intended by the author to be a handbook of information for readers of the Greek and Latin authors and of modern works that touched upon the classical world. The current second edition is edited by Margaret Howatson, who revises and enlarges the Harvey edition. She notes that while a few of the entries on technical subjects were written with classical specialists in mind, the book generally requires no knowledge of Greek or Latin and is intended for anyone curious to find out more about the classical world.An ideal companion for any reader interested in Greek or Latin literature and history
 We are so truly lucky to live in an age when something like this is possible! Without existing virtual technologies, compiling a complete collection of the New Yorker would otherwise be a near impossibility due to space considerations, availability, and of course the daunting financial investment. For the price of a modest concert, eighty years of intelligent discourse, satire, observation and fiction are all available. I have nothing negative to say about this; it does what it promises and does it well. It still amazes me that I now have every issue of The New Yorker, and look forward to the continuation of this extraordinary trend of publications releasing the entirety of their output
 If you want to get an excellent idea about the history of the domestic  interior, this is the book for you.  Every type of  dwelling is to be  found, with exquisite detail.  From the very simple, to the palatial, one  finds great delight in these wonderful watercolors.  Culled from the  domestic interiors of Europe, the Continent, Russia and America, these  historic records give the reader an extrodinary glimpse into the past.  It  is an accurate record of the most minute details, from the floors to the  paintings on the walls.  Scholarly enough for students of Interior Design?  Yes; but why should they have all the fun
 This is a must read book.  Not just once, but many times.  Each time you read it you understand and see a different view of the book.  One needs to read this book from the Heart as the meaning of Kokoro means from the Heart.  The story of a married man, yet lonely.  Why he feels guilty about the death of his best friend.  A scholar with no ambition, rich enough to enjoy a few simple things in life.  How he talks about the ending of his own life. He is sure his wife will be taken care of after his death.  The student is confused. I am confused.  Read the book more than once.  Each time you read, put yourself in each characters "shoe".  Written with passion, Kokoro, from the Heart. Is this book fiction or non-fiction, you decide
 Jesse Stone is sort of Spenser's alter ego. He's younger, and Spenser's never had a drinking problem, but other than that, they're pretty much the same character, except Stone's about thirty years younger. Robert B. Parker has been writing detective novels for a very long time now: this is the fourth Stone novel, there are 31 Spenser novels, three featuring his third character, Sunny Randall, and nine books that aren't part of a series, some of them non-fiction. That's 47 books, for those who aren't keeping up with the math. Obviously, by now Parker knows what he's doing. He seems able to write one of these every six months or so: he alternates between Randall, Spenser, and Stone with ease, and just floats along.Jesse Stone is sort of Spenser's alter ego. He's younger, and Spenser's never had a drinking problem, but other than that, they're pretty much the same character, except Stone's about thirty years younger. Robert B. Parker has been writing detective novels for a very long time now: this is the fourth Stone novel, there are 31 Spenser novels, three featuring his third character, Sunny Randall, and nine books that aren't part of a series, some of them non-fiction. That's 47 books, for those who aren't keeping up with the math. Obviously, by now Parker knows what he's doing. He seems able to write one of these every six months or so: he alternates between Randall, Spenser, and Stone with ease, and just floats along.In this outing, Stone's faced with a real problem. Paradise (the town he's Chief of Police in) has been hit by a rash of killings, and it's soon apparent that they're the work of a serial killer, or killers. Stone has no way of tracking the killer at first, and the killers seem able to strike with impunity and kill whoever they wish.In this outing, Stone's faced with a real problem. Paradise (the town he's Chief of Police in) has been hit by a rash of killings, and it's soon apparent that they're the work of a serial killer, or killers. Stone has no way of tracking the killer at first, and the killers seem able to strike with impunity and kill whoever they wish.Meanwhile, there's also a scared girl at the local high school, the victim of a gang rape and some threats afterwards. Stone has to resolve things, and control the situation so that the girl doesn't get hurt.Meanwhile, there's also a scared girl at the local high school, the victim of a gang rape and some threats afterwards. Stone has to resolve things, and control the situation so that the girl doesn't get hurt.And of course there's his personal life, which has been a problem for him since the series started with Night Passage. His ex-wife is a manipulative sociopath, interested in only herself and how she can control him, near as I can tell. In this installment, she attempts to manipulate him more than she should, and things take some interesting turns.And of course there's his personal life, which has been a problem for him since the series started with Night Passage. His ex-wife is a manipulative sociopath, interested in only herself and how she can control him, near as I can tell. In this installment, she attempts to manipulate him more than she should, and things take some interesting turns.I enjoyed this book a great deal, and I would recommend it to anyone looking for some light reading
 Jane Hirshfield and Mariko Aratani have done a marvelous job with the translation of these lovely tanka-- manages to capture both their fragility and robust complexity. I had a friend who was a Japanese scholar, who explained to me once the complexity of translating waka. I have nothing but admiration for those who can do it well. Hirshfield actually has an essay at the back of this book called "On Japanese Poetry and the Process of Translation". I recommend it highly, even if you do not normally read this kind of essay.Jane Hirshfield and Mariko Aratani have done a marvelous job with the translation of these lovely tanka-- manages to capture both their fragility and robust complexity. I had a friend who was a Japanese scholar, who explained to me once the complexity of translating waka. I have nothing but admiration for those who can do it well. Hirshfield actually has an essay at the back of this book called "On Japanese Poetry and the Process of Translation". I recommend it highly, even if you do not normally read this kind of essay.I am a little bit afraid that the focus on the love poems and the emphasis on Ono no Komachi and Izumi Shikibu as female writers may give the wrong idea about the strength and importance of the poetry. Shikibu is widely considered the greatest poet of her period and Ono no Komachi was one of the Rokkasen-- the six best waka poets of the early Heian period. The reason that I am not giving this volume five stars is because of this packaging and not because of the poetry itself.I am a little bit afraid that the focus on the love poems and the emphasis on Ono no Komachi and Izumi Shikibu as female writers may give the wrong idea about the strength and importance of the poetry. Shikibu is widely considered the greatest poet of her period and Ono no Komachi was one of the Rokkasen-- the six best waka poets of the early Heian period. The reason that I am not giving this volume five stars is because of this packaging and not because of the poetry itself.These poems are a joy to read aside from any issues of scholarship. They are strong and sad and very affecting. There is actually no stronger recommendation to read this than the poems themselves, so I will close this review with one of the poems by Shikibu:These poems are a joy to read aside from any issues of scholarship. They are strong and sad and very affecting. There is actually no stronger recommendation to read this than the poems themselves, so I will close this review with one of the poems by Shikibu:What is the useof cherishing life in spring?Its flowersonly shackle usto this world
 Before reading this book, I'd had a much more black-and-white (sc., mostly black) impression of Jewish life in medieval and early modern Europe. This cogently-writtten volume presents a much more nuanced picture. Ghetto walls were an injustice, but also a refuge for many Jews from the tense environment around them. Oddly enough, this circumstance contributed to the relatively large number of conversions to Christianity in the liberal West after the Napoleonic liberations (in contrast to the shtetl Jews in Poland and Russia, who lived side-by-side with Gentile neighbors). Katz's discussions of of Jewish martyrs during the First Crusade and the flexibility of rabbinic responsa, among other topics, are also quite fascinating. 
 This is a warm and readable book about a fascinating subject: What happens at death, or near death? It is written by a world renowned and respected scholar and medical doctor. And, in spite of the fact that I am a Christian, with conservative beliefs, and even though I maintain my faith carefully focused on God, I do nevertheless give the accounts in this book some credence (along with its companion, written subsequently, "Life Beyond Death").  I invite you to read it and see why
 I actually enjoyed this book very much.  I was in a romance slump and needed something different.  Well, I got it.  I actually enjoyed this book very much.  I was in a romance slump and needed something different.  Well, I got it.  There is no need to give a synopsis of the story -- my predecessors have done an excellent job.  The only thing I really want to say is that I really, really liked Muriel and Edward, the dog.
 H.G. Wells wrote War of the Worlds as a warning to the complacent, world-dominating British citizens of his era to not take the status quo for granted. The arrogance of some British politicians in particular rubbed Wells entirely the wrong way, particularly their sentiment that the British had an 'obligation' to 'civilize' the world (read: colonize) for its own good. Well's book was a rock thrown at that attitude-on-a-pedestal, and although he didn't knock it down, he made his point- and in spectacular fashion. In one way, the Martians *were* the conquering British, with their superior weapons and baffling ways that must have seemed incomprehensible to the natives of Africa and other areas colonized by force.  Wells' dark tale was also a warning that even the British- despite their firm belief in their world destiny- could be squashed like so many bugs by an indifferent cosmos that didn't give one whit about the British (or anyone else's) false boast of superiority. In the end, though, it's a hopeful book- just as the Martians died off because they weren't biologically suited to live in this world, Wells also foretells the end of the British Empire because the British (alien) way was not the native way of life in the colonies, suggesting that the British wouldn't survive there long; the natives would eventually prevail. And they did. On top of all that, it's rousing entertainment that can be read just for its drama and suspense.H.G. Wells wrote War of the Worlds as a warning to the complacent, world-dominating British citizens of his era to not take the status quo for granted. The arrogance of some British politicians in particular rubbed Wells entirely the wrong way, particularly their sentiment that the British had an 'obligation' to 'civilize' the world (read: colonize) for its own good. Well's book was a rock thrown at that attitude-on-a-pedestal, and although he didn't knock it down, he made his point- and in spectacular fashion. In one way, the Martians *were* the conquering British, with their superior weapons and baffling ways that must have seemed incomprehensible to the natives of Africa and other areas colonized by force.  Wells' dark tale was also a warning that even the British- despite their firm belief in their world destiny- could be squashed like so many bugs by an indifferent cosmos that didn't give one whit about the British (or anyone else's) false boast of superiority. In the end, though, it's a hopeful book- just as the Martians died off because they weren't biologically suited to live in this world, Wells also foretells the end of the British Empire because the British (alien) way was not the native way of life in the colonies, suggesting that the British wouldn't survive there long; the natives would eventually prevail. And they did. On top of all that, it's rousing entertainment that can be read just for its drama and suspense.And that's why it's still in print a hundred years later.And that's why it's still in print a hundred years later.-Mark Wakely, author of An Audience for Einstei
 This is the stupidest review I have read so far on this site. The person who wrote it has no idea what they are talking about. I seriously doubt they even considered reading the book. (I haven't but I've been poor and I've been on welfare.)This is the stupidest review I have read so far on this site. The person who wrote it has no idea what they are talking about. I seriously doubt they even considered reading the book. (I haven't but I've been poor and I've been on welfare.)You should know something about a subject before you spout off
 I just finished reading the Hitorian. The first 400 pages were so compelling, that I could hardly put it down. Then..... it became soooo boring. It literally took me the same amount of time to get through the next 200 pages as the first 400. I just had to keep putting it down and shaking my head, thinking this has to get better, considering how good the first 2/3rd's were.I just finished reading the Hitorian. The first 400 pages were so compelling, that I could hardly put it down. Then..... it became soooo boring. It literally took me the same amount of time to get through the next 200 pages as the first 400. I just had to keep putting it down and shaking my head, thinking this has to get better, considering how good the first 2/3rd's were.I also have to say that I was disappointed with the ending - it was way too contrived for me... SPOILER ALERT*** - I found it EXTREMELY unbelievable that Dracula would 'assume' that Helen died in the fall and not gone after her, as the author states when Helen is recounting how she made it out alive from the fall. I mean, come on... Dracula is supposedly all knowing and has tracked this woman all over the world. Now were supposed to believe that he simply says "damn, she fell - I guess after all I've been through, I won't bother to check - I'll just find another victim" - sorry, didn't buy it and it really was a big let down after so much potential in the beginning..I also have to say that I was disappointed with the ending - it was way too contrived for me... SPOILER ALERT*** - I found it EXTREMELY unbelievable that Dracula would 'assume' that Helen died in the fall and not gone after her, as the author states when Helen is recounting how she made it out alive from the fall. I mean, come on... Dracula is supposedly all knowing and has tracked this woman all over the world. Now were supposed to believe that he simply says "damn, she fell - I guess after all I've been through, I won't bother to check - I'll just find another victim" - sorry, didn't buy it and it really was a big let down after so much potential in the beginning..Overall, the book was really great. Fascinating reading for the Dracula fan. Just wish the ending held up to the beginning.
 Wendell Jaffe swindled a lot of people out of money and then conveniently disappeared from his boat.  The verdict was suicide, but the insurance company that had sold him a half-million dollar insurance policy is not convinced.  When 5 years passed, the company was forced to pay the premium to Jaffe's wife.  Two months later, a man looking very much like Jaffe is spotted in Mexico.  The insurance company hires private investigator Kinsey Millhone to investigate and she does spot a man who appears to be Jaffe, along with his girlfriend Renata.  They escape Kinsey's surveillance and she returns to California.  Jaffe's son Brian is in big trouble with the police and Kinsey concludes that Jaffe will return to help his son.  As she continues her investigation she becomes acquainted with Jaffe's supposed widow and his two troubled sons.  She also comes in contact with some of her long-lost family, and agonizes over whether she wants to establish a relationship with them, and open up old wounds.  Sue Grafton can be relied on to provide a good read, and this book, although not the best in the series, is no exception
 This is one of Nora Roberts' best books ever! I have read everything she's written and this is now my all time favorite. I ADORE this book.  The characters are interesting and very human, the plot is gripping and the background fascinating.  Callie, an archeologist, comes to a little town in Maryland to set up a dig and ends up learning about her birth parents and reuniting with her ex-husband. What I really like about this is the two main characters already have a history before this book so its so much that they fall in love on the spur of the moment, like most romances (including Roberts).  Definitely a book I highly recommend for both the romance and the thrilling plot.  It will keep you glued to the pages until you figure out who the bad guys are
 As usual, Robin Cook keeps you on the edge of your seat until the end.Excellent reading
 I started the book last night, and couldn't put it down until 4 am, but at least I finished it! It was a good storyline, I enjoyed getting a simple  glimpse into the media world.  It also gives you a good peek into the  corruption behind campaigns and politics in general. I really liked the  characters in this book, although each one, in my opinion, could have used  some more depth.   The only reason this book doesn't get 5 stars is because  as you read it - you start to feel that the second half of the book  &lt;with extra emphasis on the last quarter of the book&gt; was completely  RUSHED.  I really don't like a sudden closing to a book. However, it really  does keep you guessing until the last couple of pages.  I just feel that it  could have had MORE of an impact, and MORE of that &quot;UMPH&quot; had the  story been written at the same speed throughout. I do recommend this book  for anyone who just wants a good book to read.  If you're looking for  something you will remember for life - this isn't going to be it.  But if  you're looking for a pleasant way to spend a nice afternoon - - - by all  means, try reading Mary Jane Clark's &quot;Do You...etc.&quot;   Final  word: I believe her mother-in-law, the OTHER Clark, would be quite proud of  her ex-daughter in law.  The woman can write.  However, given her talents,  I wish she would learn to write in her own style, instead of in the  familiar style of the OTHER Clark
 truly and surely one of the best comic strips ever! were you to be sick in bed and need something to make you laugh, this is the best medicine
 Reviewers are right about this book tracing the origins of the modern surveillance state back to the birth of the modern prison system but they are not mentioning the prime motive for this that Foucault points to: profit and capitalism.  With the rise of industrial society it was more important to regiment and discipline the masses than 'off with their head' or hands.  The panopticon prison idea was taken to the factory and service industry by industial giants like Carnegie and Rockefeller and the fruits of this profitable perversion can be seen all over society today: delivery drivers monitored throughout the day by GPS, social security cards, public schooling (founded by the same industrial giants) intellectual and psychological grading, job placement and conformity, credit ratings, licences needed to do everything but go to the bathroom, a growing snitch culture...Foucault's major thesis is that surveillance (discipline) aids profit and any deviation from profit leads to state-sanctioned punishment in the form of increased surveillance.  As industry and profits increase so will the surveillance and discipline that make it run smoothly.  Every facet of modern society works to this end.  The irony is, as techno-pundits like McCluhan later pointed out, in the modern world the prisoner with a tv set has as much denatured freedom as the tycoon in his guarded estate and they enjoy a lot of the same things in a world where pleasure is increasingly programmed and vicarious; in a world that has turned from the moral order to the profit order, where bad credit today is the profit order version of the ancient moral order idea of excommunication.  Everything that stands in the way of the profit order, whether it be an idea, person, religion, or country is attacked.  Bottom line, we are all 'human resources' in the political economy, in the religion of capital: packaged and packed like a bunch of sardines with the capitalist state and its laws protecting the tabernacle of profit over all else.  The inanity and inherent fraud of our system, not to mention the explosion of prison populations and an insane consumer society, makes a lot more sense after being traced by a renegade like Foucault.  Of all his books this is also the easiest read.  This is a beautiful book by a complicated man.  by the way, he taught at the University of Buffalo for a short time. 
 When I thought there were not any more sex &quot;techniques&quot; I could learn from a book, this book just amazed me.Combined with stuff about how to make a lady feel special out of bed, this book can make you a better lover, husband or sex partner for sure.
 Hannah Arendt's _The Origins of Totalitarianism_ is a book that takes a hard look at two rival totalitarian movements in the twentieth century, Soviet Communism and Nazism, and traces their historical roots.  The book is divided into three volumes focusing on Antisemitism, Imperialism, and Totalitarianism.  The first of these volumes is concerned with the historical origins of Antisemitism.  Arendt examines some of the ways historians have dealt with the historical roots of Antisemitism.  For example, some historians have argued based on a "scapegoat theory" that the Jews were used as an innocent scapegoat for the world's ills.  Arendt concludes that such approaches are flawed because they fail to take into account the full historical situation of the Jews.  Arendt explores the rise of Antisemitism in the birth of the nation-state, the emancipation of the Jews, the rise of the Jewish financiers, the roles of Jews within society, and the infamous Dreyfus affair.  Of particular interest here is the role of conpiracy theories concerning such individuals as Benjamin Disraeli or the infamous forgery The Protocols of the Elders of Zion.  The idea that the Jews constitute a race or are members of secret societies or clubs played an important role in the historical development of Antisemitism.  The second of the volumes in this book is concerned with the rise of Imperialism.  Here, a discussion of racism and racial thinking is examined involving such racial theorists as Count Arthur de Gobineau and various forms of Social Darwinism.  The role of the Boers in South Africa is looked at and a thorough examination of the lives of such individuals as Cecil Rhodes, who called for the creation of a secret society of aristocratic Nordic elite, is made.  The great Pan Movements, Pan-Slavism, Pan-Germanism, and the Pan-Arabism of T. E. Lawrence are dealt with and their subsequent roles in the creation of the totalitarian states is explored.  The final volume of this book is concerned with Totalitarianism proper.  Here, the role of propaganda and the secret police, as well as terror and the concentration camps are dealt with in their place in Nazi Germany and Soviet Russia.  Arendt explores each of these issues and shows why they are so particularly disturbing.  Arendt contends that totalitarianism sought to annihilate the nature of man completely.  Repression and terror abound within the totalitarian state and freedom is virtually nonexistent.  Written during the Cold War period and just after the Second World War, this book takes an important look into the minds of such totalitarian leaders as Adolf Hitler and Josef Stalin.  Their movements of Nazism and Soviet Communism continue to haunt the modern world even though they have been largely extinguished.  The book is important today not only for historical reasons, but also because it gives a unique view of the world within a totalitarian society and the unique political danger that such totalitarian movements and institutions causes for the modern world
 I found Airframe to be a great book to read on my summer vacation.  I was expecting it to be more of a science fiction novel but it is really a book about corporate intrigue and social commentary (i.e. the media).  That being said, I was not the least disappointed.  I found Airframe to be a great book to read on my summer vacation.  I was expecting it to be more of a science fiction novel but it is really a book about corporate intrigue and social commentary (i.e. the media).  That being said, I was not the least disappointed.  In his typical style, Crichton takes an aerospace engineering course and boils it down to plain English.  I learned so much about the construction of airplanes and the airline industry - it was fascinating.  He also does a great job in raking the mass media over the coals - which was fun (and somewhat ironic from the creator of "ER")!In his typical style, Crichton takes an aerospace engineering course and boils it down to plain English.  I learned so much about the construction of airplanes and the airline industry - it was fascinating.  He also does a great job in raking the mass media over the coals - which was fun (and somewhat ironic from the creator of "ER")!The book is fast paced and reads like a movie - which I am sure is no coincidence by Crichton ;)  The main character is very likeable and you find yourself rooting for her.  There are a number of plot twists and surprises and it certainly keeps you turning the pages.The book is fast paced and reads like a movie - which I am sure is no coincidence by Crichton ;)  The main character is very likeable and you find yourself rooting for her.  There are a number of plot twists and surprises and it certainly keeps you turning the pages.In summary I would not say that this is Crichton's best work, but it is surely a very enjoyable book that I would recommend to everyone
 I love this book. I have read this book in three different languages (german, english and french). It's a completley heartwarming story and not only for kids! This book has a lot of great quotes like:I love this book. I have read this book in three different languages (german, english and french). It's a completley heartwarming story and not only for kids! This book has a lot of great quotes like:"On ne voit bien qu'avec le coeur. L'essentiel est invisible pour les yeux.""On ne voit bien qu'avec le coeur. L'essentiel est invisible pour les yeux."You really should read it
 This is not the book for you if you're impatient with precision and specifics; if you want good results, you'll do what Michael Recchiuti tells you to do. You'll buy the higher-butterfat butter, you'll use the Scharffen-Berger or Valrhona and chuck the Hershey's, and you'll be so glad you did, because every recipe --and I mean every single one of the seven or eight recipes I have tried from this book thus far-- has been fantastic. This is not the book for you if you're impatient with precision and specifics; if you want good results, you'll do what Michael Recchiuti tells you to do. You'll buy the higher-butterfat butter, you'll use the Scharffen-Berger or Valrhona and chuck the Hershey's, and you'll be so glad you did, because every recipe --and I mean every single one of the seven or eight recipes I have tried from this book thus far-- has been fantastic. I would not call this a good beginner's cookbook, though the photography is gorgeous enough to qualify this as a coffee table book even for those who don't want to get in the kitchen. Some baking experience is helpful, as is a well-equipped kitchen (stand-mixer, immersion blender, heavy-bottomed pots for sauces etc).  This is an outstanding book and I highly recommend it.
 For those who have not read Volume 1, just get Book 2 and get all the great information plus lots more.  Being a born-again Christian, some of the dialogue is beyond my belief system, but just glean the book and keep the great stuff.  If your faith is well-grounded, just look at this as a first class medical journal and forget the buddhist hogwash
 if you've been given this book, or recommended it by a friend then you've been blessed. this book is bizarre, yes, but if it finds its way to you i'm sure you won't be troubled by that minor detail. thank you Elisabeth Haich, for this book - it's a gift - i can't possibly explain in words the effect this book had on my life, nevermind fathom how the author used words to discuss topics which have traditionally defied discussion. i still can't believe that this book actually exists, but i'm eternally thankful it does
 Ms. Roddick has managed to put together some important issues, outstanding commentators, and good information design in one place with this book.  I read it through from cover-to-cover (I seldom do this) and found myself both enlightened and inspired. I recommend it highly
 I've read some of the negative reviews listed for this title, and I must strongly disagree.  Malphurs' work here is the best treatment of strategic planning for churches I have found to date.  In place of the term "advanced" in the title, a better word would be "comprehensive."  Nonetheless, Malphurs here provides a handbook addressing church planning that is unrivaled today in breadth and insight.I've read some of the negative reviews listed for this title, and I must strongly disagree.  Malphurs' work here is the best treatment of strategic planning for churches I have found to date.  In place of the term "advanced" in the title, a better word would be "comprehensive."  Nonetheless, Malphurs here provides a handbook addressing church planning that is unrivaled today in breadth and insight.As a pastor of twenty years, I wish this book had been available when I first started in ministry.  I hope this title is now offered in many seminaries, because its content would be a gold mine for young, soon-to-be church leaders.  Pastors, church staff members, and lay leaders, this volume is a must-have.  In my opinion, it is required reading for anyone involved in church leadership
 I am from Yazoo City so this book has always been one of my favorites. I saw Willie Morris at a car wash in Jackson, MS not long before his death. I was shy and didn't want to bother him, so I didn't introduce myself and have a chat. I would have loved to have spoken with him. Now I regret my shyness - should've taken the chance. Yazoo City has an enduring quality and charm that shows in all his books and stories. No matter where I live, it will always be home. There is a great feeling of safety and warmth whenever I drive into the city limits. It is a feeling of home. Not many people have that sense of home these days. I feel blessed to have grown up there
 This play was amazing! I am not a reader, and I couldn't put it down. I recommend this play for any actor. It will stretch your mind and acting abilities.
 I don't know why the other reviewers though it was a horrible book. It was absolutely captivating!  I was immediately enthralled in the story, and the has such a profound message.
 A great reference book to have for any designer, although a little tedious at times a solid read with a great historical overview of the subject. I would definitely recommend to any enthusiastic designer with a thirst for knowledge on things Typographical.A great reference book to have for any designer, although a little tedious at times a solid read with a great historical overview of the subject. I would definitely recommend to any enthusiastic designer with a thirst for knowledge on things Typographical.Since reading, I have become more critical of Typography in general and it works as a great guide when in doubt
 Just when you thought you've heard all Larry has to offer...  it gets WAY better...   I've only just started reading it the past 2 days, but I have to say it..  I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE THAT'S FUNY RIGHT THERE!!!!!   Just when you thought you've heard all Larry has to offer...  it gets WAY better...   I've only just started reading it the past 2 days, but I have to say it..  I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE THAT'S FUNY RIGHT THERE!!!!!   He's got hte downhome Good Ole Boy humor mixed 9at least i see it that way) with a good interpretation of how ALL "blue coller" working class people are.    I may be a yankee.. but I'm from the great city of PITTSBURGH PENNSYLVANIA.....  AND WE LIVE AND THRIVE ON GOOD OLE AMERICAN LIVING.   Funny how Redneck verbage and Pittsburghese IS errily SIMILAR.  Makes me PROUD to wave, wear and salute the red white and blue
 This book was referred to me by one of the author's students. I have been practicing Karuna Reiki for several years.  I was thrilled to read this book. The author has introduced many specific healing techniques and symbol combinations that have produced amazing results for my clients.  She obviously has an incredible passion for Karuna Reiki because the book reads as if the energy itself wrote every word.
 This book was referred to me by one of the author's students. I have been practicing Karuna Reiki for several years.  I was thrilled to read this book. The author has introduced many specific healing techniques and symbol combinations that have produced amazing results for my clients.  She obviously has an incredible passion for Karuna Reiki because the book reads as if the energy itself wrote every word.The 2005 Nobel Prize for Economics was awarded to Robert Aumann and Thomas C. Schelling.  Schelling is professor of Economics at the University of Maryland and applied game theory to conflict.  His focus was on the weapons issues but his ideas have been applied to a host of business issuesThe 2005 Nobel Prize for Economics was awarded to Robert Aumann and Thomas C. Schelling.  Schelling is professor of Economics at the University of Maryland and applied game theory to conflict.  His focus was on the weapons issues but his ideas have been applied to a host of business issuesIn this review, we will apply some of Shelling's concepts to how companies fire employeesIn this review, we will apply some of Shelling's concepts to how companies fire employeesSchelling says "uncertain retaliation is more efficient than certain retaliation" when bargaining and "the capability to retaliate is more useful than the ability to defend."  Now let's get practicalSchelling says "uncertain retaliation is more efficient than certain retaliation" when bargaining and "the capability to retaliate is more useful than the ability to defend."  Now let's get practical		GOODBYE SCENARI		GOODBYE SCENARIAs a verb, "goodbye" is the act of parting.  It is also an acknowledgement of parting.  A goodbye scenario assumes that once employees physically leave the building, they will never be a factor for the company's future.  The relationship was transactional and the transaction is now over. As a verb, "goodbye" is the act of parting.  It is also an acknowledgement of parting.  A goodbye scenario assumes that once employees physically leave the building, they will never be a factor for the company's future.  The relationship was transactional and the transaction is now over. If the firm defines the termination as a goodbye scenario, the firm should be guided by a business model that says, "What's the least expensive way of terminating this relationship?"  And Board members should ask tough questions about paying too muchIf the firm defines the termination as a goodbye scenario, the firm should be guided by a business model that says, "What's the least expensive way of terminating this relationship?"  And Board members should ask tough questions about paying too much		AUWIEDERSEHEN SCENARI		AUWIEDERSEHEN SCENARI"Auwiedersehen" is German for "Until we meet again."  It has a more open-ended quality than the English "goodbye."  In an auwiedersehen scenario, the assumption is that once employees physically leave the building, they may continue to be a factor in the firm's future.  But it is unclear what that factor may be"Auwiedersehen" is German for "Until we meet again."  It has a more open-ended quality than the English "goodbye."  In an auwiedersehen scenario, the assumption is that once employees physically leave the building, they may continue to be a factor in the firm's future.  But it is unclear what that factor may beAfter their non-compete contracts are over, they may join a smaller competitor and become potential allies or opponents in your firm's efforts to develop strategic alliances or acquire the firm.  After their non-compete contracts are over, they may join a smaller competitor and become potential allies or opponents in your firm's efforts to develop strategic alliances or acquire the firm.  They may join firms that touch your industry and become potential referral sources of new business for you or a potential source of caution to others about using your company.They may join firms that touch your industry and become potential referral sources of new business for you or a potential source of caution to others about using your company.They may attend alumni programs at their schools and encourage/discourage graduates from joining your firm.They may attend alumni programs at their schools and encourage/discourage graduates from joining your firm.Each of these scenarios assumes capability of retaliation plus uncertainty of retaliation.   Each of these scenarios assumes capability of retaliation plus uncertainty of retaliation.   The best practical defense in terminating employees under these conditions is "Treat  people with dignity on the way out because the assured costs of such positive treatment are less than the potential downside retaliatory risks.The best practical defense in terminating employees under these conditions is "Treat  people with dignity on the way out because the assured costs of such positive treatment are less than the potential downside retaliatory risks.	AUWIEDERSEHEN VS IT'S NICE TO BE NIC	AUWIEDERSEHEN VS IT'S NICE TO BE NICWe work with companies that treat departing leaders with dignityon the grounds that  "it is good public relations and good for morale if we help former employees achieve a `soft landing.'"  This positive rationale works only in cultures supportive of such a rationale.  on the grounds that  "it is good public relations and good for morale if we help former employees achieve a `soft landing.'"  This positive rationale works only in cultures supportive of such a rationale.  The Schelling rationale does not depend on an organizion having a specific culture for treating people with dignity. The Schelling rationale does not depend on an organizion having a specific culture for treating people with dignity. It develops a contingency approach to management based on a risk assessmentIt develops a contingency approach to management based on a risk assessmentThere may be times when a "goodbye" scenario does indeed make good sense.  There are other times when "auwiedersehen" makes better economic sense. There may be times when a "goodbye" scenario does indeed make good sense.  There are other times when "auwiedersehen" makes better economic sense. In applying Professor Schelling's theories, management's failure to take defensive measures with those possessing abilities and options to retaliate is is just bad economics.  One sees it at work every day.In applying Professor Schelling's theories, management's failure to take defensive measures with those possessing abilities and options to retaliate is is just bad economics.  One sees it at work every day.In applying Professor Schelling's theories, management's failure to take defensive measures with those possessing abilities and options to retaliate is is just bad economics.  One sees it at work every day.In applying Professor Schelling's theories, management's failure to take defensive measures with those possessing abilities and options to retaliate is is just bad economics.  One sees it at work every day.(...)(...)
 What fun!  This hilarious book is filled withRichman's amusing culinary observations and adventures during his long and impressive career as GQ's food, wine and restaurant critic.  It is the perfect winter read and holiday gift. It is witty, engaging and even touching at times.  My mother said it was the only thing that made her laugh out loud during her double knee replacement rehab!  I am giving this book to all my friends this year.
 This isn't really a novel and it isn't really a collection of short stories, but the vignettes are more fable than whimsy because fables are filled with lessons.  Alan Lightman writes about many possibilities of the alternate reality of time, as he imagines Einstein envisioned them.  Each alternate reality builds off a cliched phrase we use to describe time:  Time is Money, Time Flows Uphill, Live in the Present - Forget the Past, Time is Motion, etc. This isn't really a novel and it isn't really a collection of short stories, but the vignettes are more fable than whimsy because fables are filled with lessons.  Alan Lightman writes about many possibilities of the alternate reality of time, as he imagines Einstein envisioned them.  Each alternate reality builds off a cliched phrase we use to describe time:  Time is Money, Time Flows Uphill, Live in the Present - Forget the Past, Time is Motion, etc. Lightman writes beautifully and his imagined realities are intriguing, each could be the setting for powerful stories.  It's a quick read, a fun read, and well worth the 'time.'Lightman writes beautifully and his imagined realities are intriguing, each could be the setting for powerful stories.  It's a quick read, a fun read, and well worth the 'time.'- CV Ric
 It's been a while since I've read one of Janet Evanovich's Stephanie Plum novels, but a sudden need for light reading found Ten Big Ones at the book store.  Plum's biggest worries tend to be about whether she is lusting after Joe Morelli or Ranger, how to get the latest bond jumper down to the police station, and how she is going to replace whatever vehicle just got destroyed.  Definitely light fare, even if her current problem is how to avoid death identifying the thief in a grocery store heist and then turning the local gang leader into a careening pinball in traffic. He not only wants Stephanie dead, but he also wants her end to be spectacular.It's been a while since I've read one of Janet Evanovich's Stephanie Plum novels, but a sudden need for light reading found Ten Big Ones at the book store.  Plum's biggest worries tend to be about whether she is lusting after Joe Morelli or Ranger, how to get the latest bond jumper down to the police station, and how she is going to replace whatever vehicle just got destroyed.  Definitely light fare, even if her current problem is how to avoid death identifying the thief in a grocery store heist and then turning the local gang leader into a careening pinball in traffic. He not only wants Stephanie dead, but he also wants her end to be spectacular.Stephanie's response is to break up with her steady boyfriend, Joe Morelli, again, gorge on jelly donuts, and go into hiding at one of Ranger's lairs.  Of course, this doesn't work as well as it should because even Ranger's soap is too sexy for words.  And Stephanie, glutton for punishment that she is, she has to go out and make sure everyone knows that she is trying to keep a low profile.  So, you see, this is standard Stephanie Plum fare - lighthearted mayhem and a heroine who is half macho and half wuss, usually with bad timing.Stephanie's response is to break up with her steady boyfriend, Joe Morelli, again, gorge on jelly donuts, and go into hiding at one of Ranger's lairs.  Of course, this doesn't work as well as it should because even Ranger's soap is too sexy for words.  And Stephanie, glutton for punishment that she is, she has to go out and make sure everyone knows that she is trying to keep a low profile.  So, you see, this is standard Stephanie Plum fare - lighthearted mayhem and a heroine who is half macho and half wuss, usually with bad timing.My issue with Evanovich's books isn't with any particular one, but with what happens if you read too many at one time.  Stephanie's biggest problem is herself - a decided lack of common sense.  Which is what you would expect from someone who works as a bounty hunter, but leaves her gun in the cookie jar.  In four hundred pages this is funny, but if you've been reading a lot in a row, the steady diet of vaudeville sight gags is dj vu all over again.  After a break of a year or so this goes away and I found Ten Big Ones a pleasure to read.  It introduces a whole ne order of plot complication and one of the more remarkable bus drivers in literary history.  By all means, if you need a break from the weight of the world, take the time to read this. 
 I've long been a fan of Borges the short fiction writer. But this little book has made me an instant fan of Borges the reader and Borges the literary critic. I have to admit that so much of petry mystifies me, but within the pages of this book, I felt as if Borges' insight was finally allowing me to understand poetry in a way I hadn't considered before. Witty, modest and polymathic, Borges shines through the pages of this book. You can read it in an hour, but if you read it for 1 week straight, you still wouldn't be able to appreciate all the gems of wisdom in it. Great stuff
 I enjoyed this book. It focuses mainly on Franklin's time abroad in England and France and gives an overview on who Franklin was and how he interacted on the world stage during the revolutionary period. I believe it's very accessible and would be a good starting place for anyone interested in Franklin's life. He's funny
 All right... All right, I say. So I'm writing about a preteen book about a little girl. That doesn't make me weird does it? It shouldn't since I had to read it for a college course. So I'm writing because, well, who would've ever guessed, but I loved it? It's a ripping story, man. It is funny, inventive, historic and riveting, all the things I was sure it wouldn't be when I got assigned the book. So, here I am, blown away by a book about a little girl. I don't even like history, but it wasn't presented as antiquated. It was dealt with as you and I would deal with our history, as pertinent, in the moment, and nothing that has been generated and worked over in a history book. I'm telling you, the character Darby is great, as are all the characters, including the total garps that go around spouting their racist jargon, etc, until Darby unintentionally questions everything, causing all matter of problems, like maybe she'll get knocked off by the Klan. The story is actually something you'll find yourself absolutely focused on. I couldn't put it down. I've read a lot of adolescent fiction for this class, and I can say that if I had a kid, I'd be pouring this down their brain. So, does that make me weird? Who cares, huh? I had to read the book for my class, and I'm happy I did
 I decided to read this book because I enjoyed Dr. O'Connor's book, Undoing Depression so much.  I am delighted to report that Undoing Perpetual Stress is an even better book.I decided to read this book because I enjoyed Dr. O'Connor's book, Undoing Depression so much.  I am delighted to report that Undoing Perpetual Stress is an even better book.What is perpetual stress like?  The metaphor that Dr. O'Connor uses is that of an impala who thinks there's a cheetah behind every rock.  The flight or fight response is never at rest . . . and the poor impala's health is soon destroyed.What is perpetual stress like?  The metaphor that Dr. O'Connor uses is that of an impala who thinks there's a cheetah behind every rock.  The flight or fight response is never at rest . . . and the poor impala's health is soon destroyed.Dr. O'Connor argues that our over stimulating world creates the same kinds of stress from unseen "threats" as the world goes whizzing by at 75 miles per hour.Dr. O'Connor argues that our over stimulating world creates the same kinds of stress from unseen "threats" as the world goes whizzing by at 75 miles per hour.In the book, he describes the sources of the stress, how stress undermines your body, immune system, brain and mind, and what you can do to put the stress comfortably in the background.  In the book, he describes the sources of the stress, how stress undermines your body, immune system, brain and mind, and what you can do to put the stress comfortably in the background.  This book will appeal to those who are stressed out, those who experience anxiety and depression at the same time, those who love such people, and those who want to better understand the mind-body connection based on the latest scientific research.This book will appeal to those who are stressed out, those who experience anxiety and depression at the same time, those who love such people, and those who want to better understand the mind-body connection based on the latest scientific research.Undoing Perpetual Stress is filled with many helpful exercises that will help even those who don't think they have too much stress.  One of the best from my perspective was taking a psychological snapshot of yourself every five years . . . and spotting what was wrong with your life at each stage.  I was astonished to realize how many memories I had repressed, but which are still influencing my psychology.  And Dr. O'Connor is good about reminding you to "practice, practice, practice" the exercises and his advice.Undoing Perpetual Stress is filled with many helpful exercises that will help even those who don't think they have too much stress.  One of the best from my perspective was taking a psychological snapshot of yourself every five years . . . and spotting what was wrong with your life at each stage.  I was astonished to realize how many memories I had repressed, but which are still influencing my psychology.  And Dr. O'Connor is good about reminding you to "practice, practice, practice" the exercises and his advice.I have been a meditator for over ten years, and this book helped me to gain a lot of perspective on what the meditation is helping and what it is not.  While I have eliminated a lot of the background noise, I haven't dealt with a lot of old issues.  It was helpful to find out what those issues are . . . and what to do about them.  I found that my creativity and mind were suddenly freed by the process.I have been a meditator for over ten years, and this book helped me to gain a lot of perspective on what the meditation is helping and what it is not.  While I have eliminated a lot of the background noise, I haven't dealt with a lot of old issues.  It was helpful to find out what those issues are . . . and what to do about them.  I found that my creativity and mind were suddenly freed by the process.For parents, there's a lot of new information here on how various parenting methods influence a child over a lifetime.  It's a lot better than what you read in that first book about how to be a parent.  Check it out!For parents, there's a lot of new information here on how various parenting methods influence a child over a lifetime.  It's a lot better than what you read in that first book about how to be a parent.  Check it out!This book should be required reading for anyone who finishes high school
 When I saw the cover of this book, I had a feeling I would love it. The picture of the little boy on the cover flexing his muscles is something I have seen my three sons do many, many times. When I opened it and started to read, wonderful memories flooded back of when my sons were younger. I laughed and cried almost simultaneously while reading several of the stories. When I saw the cover of this book, I had a feeling I would love it. The picture of the little boy on the cover flexing his muscles is something I have seen my three sons do many, many times. When I opened it and started to read, wonderful memories flooded back of when my sons were younger. I laughed and cried almost simultaneously while reading several of the stories. If you have sons, or have friends that have sons, this book is a must. I will be buying my friends who are mothers of sons this for Christmas
 Few works survive two and a half thousand years and remain a masterpiece. This is one of them.Few works survive two and a half thousand years and remain a masterpiece. This is one of them.Thucydides crisp account of the long struggle that brought disaster to his native Athens is remarkable for it's candor, despite events that must have been tragically painful. The text includes legendary personalities (Pericles, Alcibiades, Demosthenes, Nicias, etc): their actions, words, and fate. Facts license readers to decide what's important, and the events described are worthy of discerning the essence of humanity.Thucydides crisp account of the long struggle that brought disaster to his native Athens is remarkable for it's candor, despite events that must have been tragically painful. The text includes legendary personalities (Pericles, Alcibiades, Demosthenes, Nicias, etc): their actions, words, and fate. Facts license readers to decide what's important, and the events described are worthy of discerning the essence of humanity.Who would have thought the promise of Persian defeat (told by Herodotus) would be squandered in a tedious contest that ultimately proved grave for all involved? Athens' distinction as the first democracy makes it a vital epic (given recent attempts to democratize the Middle East). Melos destiny at Athens' hands may give pause. As may the Syracuse expedition (especially Book Seven).Who would have thought the promise of Persian defeat (told by Herodotus) would be squandered in a tedious contest that ultimately proved grave for all involved? Athens' distinction as the first democracy makes it a vital epic (given recent attempts to democratize the Middle East). Melos destiny at Athens' hands may give pause. As may the Syracuse expedition (especially Book Seven).I read Warner's translation thirty years ago (it was 50p then), and still turn to it from time to time. Also recommended: `The Landmark Thucydides' (Robert Strassler, Victor Davis Hanson). This is a volume for those willing to spend a bit more to obtain the history matched with maps and footnotes
 I too have stood at the dessert table of a buffet hopelessly unable to eat as many servings as I wanted.  This is a perfect metaphor for the book "When All You've Ever Wanted Isn't Enough".  The book is about the spiritual yearning you feel inside, that always seems to want something more.  Until they arrive at that "something more", people can never truly feel content.I too have stood at the dessert table of a buffet hopelessly unable to eat as many servings as I wanted.  This is a perfect metaphor for the book "When All You've Ever Wanted Isn't Enough".  The book is about the spiritual yearning you feel inside, that always seems to want something more.  Until they arrive at that "something more", people can never truly feel content.As is the case with most of Kushner's writing, he uses a book of the old testament to further his explanation. In this case, he effectively employs the seemingly paradoxical book of Ecclesiastes.  This book of the Bible finds its author searching for more in life.  In the end, the author finds that it is not so much the end as the journey itself that has importance.  As is the case with most of Kushner's writing, he uses a book of the old testament to further his explanation. In this case, he effectively employs the seemingly paradoxical book of Ecclesiastes.  This book of the Bible finds its author searching for more in life.  In the end, the author finds that it is not so much the end as the journey itself that has importance.  Kushner's overall point is best summarized on page 189.  Does it make a difference if I am honest, good, or faithful?  It does not seem to matter to my bank account or fortune.  "... It matters if we are true to ourselves, to our innate human nature that requires things like honesty and kindness and grows flabby and distorted if we neglect them.  It matters if we learn how to share our lives with others, making them and their world different, rather than try and hoard life to ourselves.  It matters than we learn to recognize the pleasures of every day, food and work and love and friendship, as encounters with the divine, encounters that teach us not only that God is real but that we are real too."  Kushner's overall point is best summarized on page 189.  Does it make a difference if I am honest, good, or faithful?  It does not seem to matter to my bank account or fortune.  "... It matters if we are true to ourselves, to our innate human nature that requires things like honesty and kindness and grows flabby and distorted if we neglect them.  It matters if we learn how to share our lives with others, making them and their world different, rather than try and hoard life to ourselves.  It matters than we learn to recognize the pleasures of every day, food and work and love and friendship, as encounters with the divine, encounters that teach us not only that God is real but that we are real too."  It is a simple yet beautiful message.  People that live this message will certainly discover the beauty in their life
 This is *da book* on &quot;The Dick Van Dyke Show&quot;, but it's really far more than that.  It is the finest book on a TV sitcom I've ever come across.  Waldron painstakingly discusses everything you'd ever want to know  about  the show, and he interviewed (seemingly) everyone connected with the  show, including Carl Reiner, Mary Tyler Moore, Dick, Larry Matthews, Rose  Marie, and many of the writers. If you're a DVDS fan, you've gottta have  this tome on hand.  I can't recommend it  highly enough.  I fervently hope  Vince will do subsequent books on &quot;Cheers&quot; and other  sitcoms...he's the ONLY man for the job
 I purchased this book after having seen Super Size Me and I was a little worried that there would be nothing new for Morgan to present. I, however, was proven wrong. This is a very good read that is able to put down more statistics and specifics about the food industry that the movie was not as focuses on. The movie, of course, was focused mostly on the fast food industry.I purchased this book after having seen Super Size Me and I was a little worried that there would be nothing new for Morgan to present. I, however, was proven wrong. This is a very good read that is able to put down more statistics and specifics about the food industry that the movie was not as focuses on. The movie, of course, was focused mostly on the fast food industry.Morgan Spurlock is always a surprise. You seem him with his long sideburns and know he is from West Virginia and you just expect the stereotype. He is not a stereotype. The book is written in a very clear voice, the same intelligent humorous voice that came across in the movie, "Super Size Me."Morgan Spurlock is always a surprise. You seem him with his long sideburns and know he is from West Virginia and you just expect the stereotype. He is not a stereotype. The book is written in a very clear voice, the same intelligent humorous voice that came across in the movie, "Super Size Me."My one disappointment is that I was hoping the book would have more details about the diet that his girlfriend put him on when he finished his 30 days, but now I see she has her own book. Ah, marketing!My one disappointment is that I was hoping the book would have more details about the diet that his girlfriend put him on when he finished his 30 days, but now I see she has her own book. Ah, marketing!I think you can read this as stand alone but as everyone notes, it works great in conjunctions with the movie to help you not forget
 The nature of a people is seldom easy to describe because the attempt is often sabotaged by either the Outsider's incorrect perceptions or the Insider's preconceptions, depending on which is constructing the definition. What we find with W.J. Cash's The Mind of the South is no different, although it is a pleasant journey. Sparkling with some of the most fluid prose ever found in historical writing, Cash's work deserves recognition for this reason alone; yet there is value in the exposition itself, even if it forgets a full two-thirds of the South's population in its description (blacks and women). What the modern reader is left with, then, is not so much a description of the "the southern mind" as it is "the white southern male mind." And while Cash's work does not quite apologize for the many neuroses of that mind, it does attempt to explain the effects it has had on our perception of the American South, with a small dash of glory added for good measure. The nature of a people is seldom easy to describe because the attempt is often sabotaged by either the Outsider's incorrect perceptions or the Insider's preconceptions, depending on which is constructing the definition. What we find with W.J. Cash's The Mind of the South is no different, although it is a pleasant journey. Sparkling with some of the most fluid prose ever found in historical writing, Cash's work deserves recognition for this reason alone; yet there is value in the exposition itself, even if it forgets a full two-thirds of the South's population in its description (blacks and women). What the modern reader is left with, then, is not so much a description of the "the southern mind" as it is "the white southern male mind." And while Cash's work does not quite apologize for the many neuroses of that mind, it does attempt to explain the effects it has had on our perception of the American South, with a small dash of glory added for good measure. First, it is important for us to take into account the wonderful introduction to the work by Bertram Wyatt-Brown. Wyatt-Brown shows that Cash's battle with depression was a salient part in understanding his interpretation of the South, as was his upbringing. Wyatt-Brown seems to agree with my assessment on the Insider/Outsider effect:First, it is important for us to take into account the wonderful introduction to the work by Bertram Wyatt-Brown. Wyatt-Brown shows that Cash's battle with depression was a salient part in understanding his interpretation of the South, as was his upbringing. Wyatt-Brown seems to agree with my assessment on the Insider/Outsider effect:    "The origins of Cash's interpretation of his culture and region lay not only in the objective fact of Southern intransigence about issues of race and change, but in the very makeup of his mind. Like so many creative depressives, he stood apart from the society around him. Such a position of detachment can provide a special angle of vision that those immersed in society cannot obtain (Cash xxvii)."     "The origins of Cash's interpretation of his culture and region lay not only in the objective fact of Southern intransigence about issues of race and change, but in the very makeup of his mind. Like so many creative depressives, he stood apart from the society around him. Such a position of detachment can provide a special angle of vision that those immersed in society cannot obtain (Cash xxvii)." Wyatt-Brown, with this statement, makes Cash an outside-Insider, by virtue of his being a manic depressive. He is a southerner, and therefore capable of the same preconceptions of his own people as any southerner; however, according to Wyatt-Brown, by reason of his mental condition, he is elevated away from this status and into a new status altogether, a presumably better one. I would agree with this, if the work itself is to be taken as proof. Cash is capable of wonderful insights into his own culture and society. However - and this is crucial! - we must not gloss over the fact that by omitting women and blacks from his work, Cash loses some credibility. It is here, it seems, that Cash could not escape the Insider mentality. Wyatt-Brown, with this statement, makes Cash an outside-Insider, by virtue of his being a manic depressive. He is a southerner, and therefore capable of the same preconceptions of his own people as any southerner; however, according to Wyatt-Brown, by reason of his mental condition, he is elevated away from this status and into a new status altogether, a presumably better one. I would agree with this, if the work itself is to be taken as proof. Cash is capable of wonderful insights into his own culture and society. However - and this is crucial! - we must not gloss over the fact that by omitting women and blacks from his work, Cash loses some credibility. It is here, it seems, that Cash could not escape the Insider mentality. This work is characterized by one over-arching theme: southern culture, though as elusive in most respects as any other, is penetrated throughout with one defining and collective temperament. In essence, this work is interpretative rather than linear, as it attempts to analyze rather than delineate. This elevates Cash from the traditional historian (in the mold of Clement Eaton) to sociologist or social commentator (in the mold of David Halberstam). That is not to say that Cash does not know his history or pilfers it from others; it seems impossible after reading The Mind of the South for one to imagine Cash using such smooth language while pulling facts from anywhere outside his own mind. The disjointed quality usually apparent in any attempt to fuse sources without an overall voice is thankfully absent. Cash is who we hear while we read, and it is his elucidative brush-strokes that paint the image of the Southerner.This work is characterized by one over-arching theme: southern culture, though as elusive in most respects as any other, is penetrated throughout with one defining and collective temperament. In essence, this work is interpretative rather than linear, as it attempts to analyze rather than delineate. This elevates Cash from the traditional historian (in the mold of Clement Eaton) to sociologist or social commentator (in the mold of David Halberstam). That is not to say that Cash does not know his history or pilfers it from others; it seems impossible after reading The Mind of the South for one to imagine Cash using such smooth language while pulling facts from anywhere outside his own mind. The disjointed quality usually apparent in any attempt to fuse sources without an overall voice is thankfully absent. Cash is who we hear while we read, and it is his elucidative brush-strokes that paint the image of the Southerner.Much is left out of this short review of Cash's work, as brevity is a consideration. A more complex examination of the work would require many more words than I have time for at the moment. But I do feel obligated to at least sum up the trajectory of Cash's masterpiece. The first few chapters lay the groundwork for Cash's southern temperament - individualistic, violent, quasi-aristocratic, provincial, just to name a few - while the remainder of the work displays the evolution of that temperament while it is worked upon by forces both outside it and from within, and its own natural need to adapt. The Yankee plays his part, as does Uncle Tom and the fugitive slave, the southern belle and the Garrison abolitionist, the carpet-bagger and the scalawag, the confederate soldier and the lynch mob, the fire-eater and the bible-thumping revivalist. It is impossible for any society to exist in a vacuum, or as a prehistoric insect preserved in amber. That being said, it is still remarkable that the American south came as close as it did
 This is another collection of Barry's columns and a surefire hit for any fan.  As usual, his columns pack a punch and end with a zinger or inside joke.  Mr. Language Person makes an appearance or two in this collection, and Barry also takes on TV commericials, his relationship with his wife, and (always a winner) the life of his teenaged son.  Recommended
 While I agree with several people who don't consider this chick-lit, I don't see why that is a bad thing. I enjoyed Radish's writing style, purple prose and all. If you're expecting a Dickensian journey into a complex character, this book is not it. However, it does provide a snapshot of a woman forced to assess her life and choose between the road less traveled and her current miserable life. While I agree with several people who don't consider this chick-lit, I don't see why that is a bad thing. I enjoyed Radish's writing style, purple prose and all. If you're expecting a Dickensian journey into a complex character, this book is not it. However, it does provide a snapshot of a woman forced to assess her life and choose between the road less traveled and her current miserable life. Yes, the (positive and negative) circumstances of Meg's life were unrealistic, but I felt they were dramatized to make a point. We all have strong, kind, and amazing people in our lives, but we have to look for these things in people. I had an aunt just like Marcia, who fought her battles with a fantastic sense of humor, courage, and love for everyone around her. The message I took from this book is this - life can be all you want if you simply take the time to nourish your own strength and that of those around you. It doesn't take money to be powerful and satisfied with your life
 Kudos to Finkelstein for having the courage to tackle such subject matter.  The fact that he himself, a descendent of Holocaust survivors, has been attacked and derided for writing it just goes to prove one of his underlying points: you cannot criticize the state of Israel or its proponents without being labeled an anti-Semite.  Any discussion of their illegal occupation or the countless UN resolutions condemning them is tantamount to sympathizing and promoting terrorism.  By far one of the most interesting sections is the portion dealing with the Swiss banks; this version also has an updated appendix that covers rulings left out of the hardcover edition.  Finkelstein does come across overtly hostile at times but his anger is justified and those holding it against him seem to blow it a bit out of proportion.  Very odd that those on the far left and far right both give accolades to this work.  Hilberg's endorsement carries a tremendous amount of weight, and those unfamiliar with his seminal multi-volume set The Destruction of European Jews would be well served to check it out
 Not only was the book cheaper on Amazon than the bookstores but I ordered this book for my boyfriend from here and I got it earlier than expected so that was great! He says it has great step-by-step images and that's a positive for him since he learns more from visuals. Also, it has instructions that he's able to follow and understand.Not only was the book cheaper on Amazon than the bookstores but I ordered this book for my boyfriend from here and I got it earlier than expected so that was great! He says it has great step-by-step images and that's a positive for him since he learns more from visuals. Also, it has instructions that he's able to follow and understand.We both just wish it had more "food art" in the book but, overall, it's a great book
 We have enjoyed another of Eric Carle's books--Brown Bear Brown Bear What Do You See--since my son was a few weeks old.  So, when my son was about 7 months old, I bought From Head to Toe.  It was a wonderful purchase!  After a few reads, my son was imitating the animals just like his mama--waving his arms like a monkey and on his hands and knees like the cat.  It was so wonderful for me to see that my son was understanding and processing the books I read to him.
 A moving story of a family of all boys from New Zealand who have a young sister named Meggie. They are hardworking lower class people who work the land and shear sheep. When the family moves to Australia to inherit property, young Meggie becomes bonded to the local Priest from the first day she saw him. As she grows up, the friendship blossoms into a school girl crush, then a first kiss. Meggie wants the relationship to go further... but she is not able to get her wish. Young Meggie is in love and is not able to forget Fr. Ralph no matter what she does. She soon moves away from the family homestead by becoming married to Luke O'Neal, a substitute for Fr. Ralph. Her marriage to Luke is terrible and she is extremely miserable. Fr. Ralph, in a moment of weakness and concern for Meggie's health, comes back into the picture. He cannot forget the love he had for Meggie either. Both are not able to say no and their passion overwhelmes them. The consequences of their act plague them for a lifetime... a remarkable story showing the vunerability, yet obedience to the priesthood
 If you are a runner, you may have experienced the mental benefits that running provides.  You may have also felt a spiritual presence while running, perhaps saying a prayer or working through personal problems while on the trail.  In this extraordinary book, Joslin explores this mind/body connection and gives many different ways to experience the spiritual side of the sport. He shares meditative techniques developed over many years and very rich personal experiences with excerpts from his running journal.  The book is well thought-out and written with a great deal of humility and care.  This is one that I will read again and again.  It changed the way I approach running.  I also think about this book throughout the day, even when I am not running.  A great book
 I am a total addict of Leslie Sansone's Walk Away programs - I had many exercise videos, but never stuck to anything until I found her energizing, fun, and most of all easy workouts.I am a total addict of Leslie Sansone's Walk Away programs - I had many exercise videos, but never stuck to anything until I found her energizing, fun, and most of all easy workouts.In her personal, talking-to-you-like-a-best-friend style, Leslie shows you how regular exercise benefits you in all ways from your health to your body to your mind and then presents her easy to follow basic workout which consists of three walking steps that are interchanged and sometimes modified while doing the program.  In her personal, talking-to-you-like-a-best-friend style, Leslie shows you how regular exercise benefits you in all ways from your health to your body to your mind and then presents her easy to follow basic workout which consists of three walking steps that are interchanged and sometimes modified while doing the program.  There is no dieting in this program!  She is a strong proponent of getting up and moving to better your life and shows it here by offering a few modifications you can make to your way of eating to help you lose weight, but no real diet, which I think is great!  It helps to show that the real health factor is getting the exercise you need, not feeling deprived of the food you want which is why many diets fail.There is no dieting in this program!  She is a strong proponent of getting up and moving to better your life and shows it here by offering a few modifications you can make to your way of eating to help you lose weight, but no real diet, which I think is great!  It helps to show that the real health factor is getting the exercise you need, not feeling deprived of the food you want which is why many diets fail.She has many success stories to motivate you peppered throughout the book and closes with a discussion about how stress affects your life and how you can beat it through exercise.  She has many success stories to motivate you peppered throughout the book and closes with a discussion about how stress affects your life and how you can beat it through exercise.  I love Leslie!  She is personable, motivating, and a great teacher - I am forever grateful to her for getting this former couch potato, at-home mom to stick to an exercise routine that I know will always benefit my life
 To think about racism is to be thoughtful. To be thoughtful is to be engaged in the process of learning. To refuse to reflect on and examine your belief systems is to be ignorant
 This book was originally published ca 1980 as England and Always.  I have not seen the original so I can't tell how much of this book is new material (beyond a chapter dealing with Peter Jackson's films).  Lobdell has examined Tolkien's writings from several interesting and unusual perspectives.  One of the most interesting deals with the influence of Edwardian adventure fiction (Haggard, etc.) on Tolkien.  Another fascinating chapter deals with Middle Earth as a Christian world in a pre-Christian age.  There is also a short fiction story in an Appendix which is meant to be a sort of parallel to Tolkien's own abandoned sequel to The Lord of the Rings, The Return of the Shadow.  I enjoyed this story, though of course Lobdell as a fiction writer cannot measure up to Tolkien. (But then, no one can!)This book was originally published ca 1980 as England and Always.  I have not seen the original so I can't tell how much of this book is new material (beyond a chapter dealing with Peter Jackson's films).  Lobdell has examined Tolkien's writings from several interesting and unusual perspectives.  One of the most interesting deals with the influence of Edwardian adventure fiction (Haggard, etc.) on Tolkien.  Another fascinating chapter deals with Middle Earth as a Christian world in a pre-Christian age.  There is also a short fiction story in an Appendix which is meant to be a sort of parallel to Tolkien's own abandoned sequel to The Lord of the Rings, The Return of the Shadow.  I enjoyed this story, though of course Lobdell as a fiction writer cannot measure up to Tolkien. (But then, no one can!)I am a long time Tolkien reader and addict (since the age of 12 in 1969.)  Most of the time I do not care for Tolkien "criticism" and "literary analysis", which to me seems to suck out the magic, but Lobdell's work is different.  The World of the Rings enhances Middle Earth and intensifies the love I feel for it
 The watercolors are beautiful, but more amazing than that is the way the stories are told. Zen Shorts has really caught my kids. Even my youngest, (7 years) who is drawn to all things panda, is requesting the stories again and again because they make her wonder. There are some wonderful kid's books out there, but this is something special
 This is an excellent book examining how and why some people come to believe that they have suffered appalling abuse that most probably never happened. It DOES NOT deny the reality of or harm caused by sexual abuse (the author explicitly states this on many occasions) and the reviewer who suggested that this is "a terrific book if you are child molester" probably (I guess) didn't bother reading it and made up the especially foul accusation to prevent others from examining the issues surrounding repressed memory and the cult of therapy.The author shows how even trained professionals can disregard overwhelming evidence against a particular hypothesis (repressed memory/MPD/satanic cults) and rely on their intuition to (unintentionally) wreak havoc with their clients lives. In the upside-down world of some therapists, lack of hard evidence is trumped by strength of feeling for even the most outrageous accusation. Pendergrast demonstrates how uncertain and malleable human memory can be.The book is written in an easy style and despite what another particularly stupid review suggests, concentrates specifically on the scientific evidence for his claims
 Masterfully thought out & written. Not your usual supernatural, horror King story. Written in 4-5 completely different chapters there is some supernatural, but it begins as a story of some friends in childhood, follows them through the years & culminates with them as adults. Each chapter is completely different yet ties some characters in. At the end they are all tied together in some ways years later. It's ingenious in it's finale and I advise you set aside some time for reading. It's very difficult to put down. Once it grabs your interest, it just sucks you into the story. If you remember your childhood friends (we all do) you'll identify with the story 
 Phyllis Chesler is a most unusual feminist. She really doesn't fit in with the equity feminist crowd and is a complete dissenter from the female superiority, gender feminist crowd. The one thing that makes her consistently worth reading is her passion for telling the truth. This seems to be her most pervasive (and endearing) feature as an intellectual, and the trait was ubiquitously on display throughout her recent "Death of Feminism" release. Here she tackles a verboten subject which is whether or not women are the unbridled source of goodness that many feminists assume them to be. Numerous examples of misapplied and unprovoked indirect aggression are identified and elucidated in the text. On the whole, it makes for compelling reading. We find that women are regular human beings just like everyone else. They have many of the same, yet subtlety different, characteristics as do men. In these pages, Chesler illustrates the magnitude of inter-woman hostility as their strong social skills can often be applied in a negative manner. Many mother-daughter conflicts are projected into adult situations. Why feminists wouldn't have wanted this published seems rather silly to me. We should regard women as they are and not as objects of fantasy. Chesler never implies any inter-sex superiority or inferiority, she is content to describe what is, and it's great stuff indeed.
     I have just finished my sophomore year in college and in my first course relating to information and computer security we used this book. I would recommend it to anybody who is interested in getting into the rapidly expanding field of infosec.      As they say with the CISSP certification, it is an "inch deep and a mile wide". This book covers many, many topics however it is really intended to be an introduction to these concepts.     It gave me a good overview of information security concepts and prepared me for senior level Infosec courses as well as preparation for graduate school.     It gave me a good overview of information security concepts and prepared me for senior level Infosec courses as well as preparation for graduate school.*Note that preparation for the CISSP exam would require much more then just this book
      Ask your favorite Liberal or Socialist the following objective question and you'll quickly find out how totally vile many Liberals, Socialists and Do-Gooders are:     Ask your favorite Liberal or Socialist the following objective question and you'll quickly find out how totally vile many Liberals, Socialists and Do-Gooders are:     "If you, as an elected Government bureaucrat could senda poor, black child to a violent, academically inferior Government public school (K-12) for $15,000 per child per year of taxpayer money,     OR, send that same poor black child to a nurturing, academically superior Private or Parochial school (K-12) for$7,500 per child per year of taxpayer money$7,500 per child per year of taxpayer money     To which school would you, Ms. Liberal, send that child?"     To which school would you, Ms. Liberal, send that child?"     For over 13 years Liberals, Socialists and most Do-Goodershave bravely answered:  "I, as a good Liberal, would send thatpoor black child to the violent, academically inferior Government School!"poor black child to the violent, academically inferior Government School!"     Save a poor black kid for $7,500 per year? or Destroy a poor black kid for $15,000 per year?  And most Do-Gooders andLiberals choose expensive destruction?Liberals choose expensive destruction?     Have fund asking your Liberal friends the above questionand watch the squirming.and watch the squirming. 
 Girl Sleuth is a must-read especially for the over-50 Nancy Drew fan.  Rehak's research is remarkable.  However, on p. 47, Rehak has Mildred Augustine headed west to the University of Iowa from her hometown of Ladora, Iowa.  She would have headed east.  I have been teaching 30 years in the school district that now includes students from the town of Ladora and have my own degree from Iowa.  I've traveled Highway 6 between Ladora and Iowa City many, many times.Girl Sleuth is a must-read especially for the over-50 Nancy Drew fan.  Rehak's research is remarkable.  However, on p. 47, Rehak has Mildred Augustine headed west to the University of Iowa from her hometown of Ladora, Iowa.  She would have headed east.  I have been teaching 30 years in the school district that now includes students from the town of Ladora and have my own degree from Iowa.  I've traveled Highway 6 between Ladora and Iowa City many, many times.Marcia NillesWhat Cheer  I
 This was my first Julie Garwood novel and it was very good. I thoroughly enjoyed this authors descriptive characterization. The playful bantering had me laughing uncontrollably and falling in love with the characters even more with every page I read. This was my first Julie Garwood novel and it was very good. I thoroughly enjoyed this authors descriptive characterization. The playful bantering had me laughing uncontrollably and falling in love with the characters even more with every page I read. With all the other reviews, I don't need to explain the plot. It isn't anything new for the romantic suspense genre, but very entertaining and an enjoyable read. It has mystery, intrigue, suspense, action, and romance. What more can a reader want?With all the other reviews, I don't need to explain the plot. It isn't anything new for the romantic suspense genre, but very entertaining and an enjoyable read. It has mystery, intrigue, suspense, action, and romance. What more can a reader want?Is it worth the money?  Definitely. Can't wait to read more.Is it worth the money?  Definitely. Can't wait to read more.
 I have had this book for 9 years and it continues to be my favorite.  I have several other quotation books, but I always keep coming back to this one. It covers many topics that are categorized in a user friendly format which makes searching for the perfect quote a breeze.  I recommend this  book for the quotation fanatic
 Raskolnikov, an impovershed student in 19th Century St. Petersburg, conceives a plan to kill and rob a shrewish hag of a pawnbroker. He justifies his plan because he is an ubermensch and she is a louse. The world will be better off if she is dead and he is able to finish his education. Killing and robbing her will accomplish both purposes. After all, the ubermensch owes it to society to commit any crime that will ultimately benefit society. The crime is perpetrated and the rest of the book deals with Raskolnikov's angst over his guilt and his redemption through suffering. Almost every major character in the book is more likeable that Raskolnikov.Raskolnikov, an impovershed student in 19th Century St. Petersburg, conceives a plan to kill and rob a shrewish hag of a pawnbroker. He justifies his plan because he is an ubermensch and she is a louse. The world will be better off if she is dead and he is able to finish his education. Killing and robbing her will accomplish both purposes. After all, the ubermensch owes it to society to commit any crime that will ultimately benefit society. The crime is perpetrated and the rest of the book deals with Raskolnikov's angst over his guilt and his redemption through suffering. Almost every major character in the book is more likeable that Raskolnikov.The philosophy of Dostoyevsky's book seems to be primarily a refutation of Hegelian and proto-Nietschian philosophy and an affirmation of Christian values. Along the way he also manages to work in a rebuttal of social-Darwinism.  The philosophy of Dostoyevsky's book seems to be primarily a refutation of Hegelian and proto-Nietschian philosophy and an affirmation of Christian values. Along the way he also manages to work in a rebuttal of social-Darwinism.  Having known, prosecuted, and defended hundreds of murderers, I was much taken by Raskolnikov's psychological progression from crime to atonement. Much of his self justification rang true to my experience. I have known many killers who thought of themselves as superior beings above the law, and many others who justified killing on the grounds that the victim lacked human worth. So long as the killer can keep the victim dehumanized, the killer can live with the deed. When the killer begins to regard the victim as a fellow human, guilt sets in and many confess--often years later. Raskolnikov's behavioural symptoms did not, however, ring true to my experience. Although some killers are guilt-ridden to the point of distraction, they can usually control themselves much better than Raskolnikov. His actions practically shouted his guilt. Having known, prosecuted, and defended hundreds of murderers, I was much taken by Raskolnikov's psychological progression from crime to atonement. Much of his self justification rang true to my experience. I have known many killers who thought of themselves as superior beings above the law, and many others who justified killing on the grounds that the victim lacked human worth. So long as the killer can keep the victim dehumanized, the killer can live with the deed. When the killer begins to regard the victim as a fellow human, guilt sets in and many confess--often years later. Raskolnikov's behavioural symptoms did not, however, ring true to my experience. Although some killers are guilt-ridden to the point of distraction, they can usually control themselves much better than Raskolnikov. His actions practically shouted his guilt. The interplay of the large cast of characters gave the book great psychological depth, but Dostoyevsky didn't beat the reader over the head with the psychology.  He didn't tell you what the characters were thinking.  Their actions showed you what they were thinking. In my experience, most modern psycho-dramas ladle out the psychology in huge dollops. Modern writers would do well to re-read Dostoyevsky.The interplay of the large cast of characters gave the book great psychological depth, but Dostoyevsky didn't beat the reader over the head with the psychology.  He didn't tell you what the characters were thinking.  Their actions showed you what they were thinking. In my experience, most modern psycho-dramas ladle out the psychology in huge dollops. Modern writers would do well to re-read Dostoyevsky.The abridged audio edition read by Michael Sheen is three hours long, and the tale does not suffer much from the massive abridgement necessary to get the story on three CD's.  My greatest complaint with the edition is that Sheen reads the story with a British accent, and the characters all speak with British accents.  It was somewhat hard to adjust to a Russian novel read with a British accent. 
 Turning Angel was a page turner for me so I bought BLood Memory. WOW! It did not disappoint me
 I had to read this book as an assignment for a Seminary class on Leadership.  I was sceptical that a children's book about witches would be applicable to a master's level college course.  My scepticism was unfounded.  This is a good, fun read.  But, more than that, this is a story that tugs at heart strings and teaches through the trials and personalities of it's characters.  I recommend it to "children" of all ages!
 In Faith in Nation, Anthony Marx delivers a spirited rebuttal of the "literary trope" (p 15) about a liberal, inclusive Western nationalism. Instead, he argues that even the "truest" brand of Western nationalism-that of England and France-came to being only after brutal fratricide of massive scale. His entire theory is based on a central position that nationalism developed much earlier than is popularly believed today. This leads one to question why does he insist on such a position? Has he made the case for it? What happens to his theory if the position turns out to be wrong? In Faith in Nation, Anthony Marx delivers a spirited rebuttal of the "literary trope" (p 15) about a liberal, inclusive Western nationalism. Instead, he argues that even the "truest" brand of Western nationalism-that of England and France-came to being only after brutal fratricide of massive scale. His entire theory is based on a central position that nationalism developed much earlier than is popularly believed today. This leads one to question why does he insist on such a position? Has he made the case for it? What happens to his theory if the position turns out to be wrong? I will argue that the definition of the state, or the lack thereof, is key to answering all of the above questions. Only by implicitly loosening the definition of the state, can Marx trace the genesis of Western nationalism back to as early as the 16th century, thus cementing the linkage between Western nationalism and religious violence. However, the liberal adaptation of the concept of the state puts Marx's entire theory on shaky ground.  I will argue that the definition of the state, or the lack thereof, is key to answering all of the above questions. Only by implicitly loosening the definition of the state, can Marx trace the genesis of Western nationalism back to as early as the 16th century, thus cementing the linkage between Western nationalism and religious violence. However, the liberal adaptation of the concept of the state puts Marx's entire theory on shaky ground.  According to Marx, the state is the raison d'tat of nationalism: for nationalism to become a historical force, it "must ... refer to a state as an existing structure or potential object of engagement" (p 8). Although he declares early and clearly what nationalism is (p 4), he never spells out his definition of a state. In fact, what we would think of as a modern state today can hardly be found in 16th century Europe. According to Marx, the state is the raison d'tat of nationalism: for nationalism to become a historical force, it "must ... refer to a state as an existing structure or potential object of engagement" (p 8). Although he declares early and clearly what nationalism is (p 4), he never spells out his definition of a state. In fact, what we would think of as a modern state today can hardly be found in 16th century Europe. Only when the definition of a state is sufficiently loosened, can Marx backdate nationalism to the 16th century, when most of the political authorities at the time existed in the form of royal courts. Only after he pushes back the genesis of nationalism, can Marx connect the religious violence of the 16th century to nationalism. Only when the religious violence is viewed as part of the history of nation building, does it acquire significance in the nature of Western nationalism. Otherwise, the St. Barthelme Day massacre or the burnings at Smithfield is just another "normal" religious upheavals in history, thus any association the massacre or the burnings may have with nation building would be purely coincidental-as Liah Greenfeld implied when Marx quoted her in saying, "Frenchness was disassociating itself from Catholicism." To Anthony Marx, however, French nationalism and its French Catholic identity are not external to each other. They are just different stages in the same dialectic process. Therefore, real "Frenchness" is actually the public oblivion in France of the strange relationship between the church and the state1. Only when the definition of a state is sufficiently loosened, can Marx backdate nationalism to the 16th century, when most of the political authorities at the time existed in the form of royal courts. Only after he pushes back the genesis of nationalism, can Marx connect the religious violence of the 16th century to nationalism. Only when the religious violence is viewed as part of the history of nation building, does it acquire significance in the nature of Western nationalism. Otherwise, the St. Barthelme Day massacre or the burnings at Smithfield is just another "normal" religious upheavals in history, thus any association the massacre or the burnings may have with nation building would be purely coincidental-as Liah Greenfeld implied when Marx quoted her in saying, "Frenchness was disassociating itself from Catholicism." To Anthony Marx, however, French nationalism and its French Catholic identity are not external to each other. They are just different stages in the same dialectic process. Therefore, real "Frenchness" is actually the public oblivion in France of the strange relationship between the church and the state1. Yet all the grand reasoning depends on Marx's definition of the state. After all, can we call the royal courts of the 16th century "states"? Not only has Marx not given his readers a clear answer, some of his own writings seem to contradict each other. For example, Marx mentions that the Treaty of Westphalia marks the beginning of the modern states (p 35). But the French War of Religions and the reign of Mary Tudor-the very conflicts that are supposedly at the core of nation-state building-occurred almost a century earlier. Even if we use the later date, 1648, as the beginning of the state system, one still has to be cautious to label all subsequent political authorities "states". Regardless whether Louis XIV actually said "I am the state", the fact that monarchical authority is directly associated with an individual ruler makes it transient in nature (relative to institutionalized modern government), therefore it can hardly be designated the "object of engagement" for nationalist ideology. Yet all the grand reasoning depends on Marx's definition of the state. After all, can we call the royal courts of the 16th century "states"? Not only has Marx not given his readers a clear answer, some of his own writings seem to contradict each other. For example, Marx mentions that the Treaty of Westphalia marks the beginning of the modern states (p 35). But the French War of Religions and the reign of Mary Tudor-the very conflicts that are supposedly at the core of nation-state building-occurred almost a century earlier. Even if we use the later date, 1648, as the beginning of the state system, one still has to be cautious to label all subsequent political authorities "states". Regardless whether Louis XIV actually said "I am the state", the fact that monarchical authority is directly associated with an individual ruler makes it transient in nature (relative to institutionalized modern government), therefore it can hardly be designated the "object of engagement" for nationalist ideology. Since Marx's concept of the state is on shaky ground, his entire theory appears highly questionable. I would argue, however, there are two options that can salvage his arguments. One is to weaken the link between nationalism and the state. In other words, nationalism may develop independent of the state. This observation may have a wider application outside of the context of Western history than inside of it. The other option is to introduce a third element, such as political culture, that can bridge the violent past and state and nation building in later times. For example, one accepts that the massive fratricide did happen earlier than the emergence of the nation-state. Nevertheless, the bloodshed molded a new political culture, which manifested itself as a more inclusive nationalism when the nation-state took shape later. If such an interpretation proves to be a more sensible reading of history than that of Marx, then Marx's criticism of Western nationalism can be easily appropriated to deconstruct the Western political culture-the liberal democracy-itself: that it has a ugly past but short memory. However, is the world ready for such a "total recall"?
 Tony Judt's  "Postwar - A History of Europe Since 1945" is the well researched material from a British conservative born 1948 in London  and educated at Cambridge and Paris on political, social and economic developments in Europe following World War II. Tony Judt's  "Postwar - A History of Europe Since 1945" is the well researched material from a British conservative born 1948 in London  and educated at Cambridge and Paris on political, social and economic developments in Europe following World War II. Steeped in information about little understood countries, the book would be a great read for non-Europeans interested in how the continent recovered from the war, especially in East Germany, the Balkans, and the Eastern Europe countries that were strongly influenced by the USSR.Steeped in information about little understood countries, the book would be a great read for non-Europeans interested in how the continent recovered from the war, especially in East Germany, the Balkans, and the Eastern Europe countries that were strongly influenced by the USSR.The book makes the point, that without the threat of the USSR in Eastern Europe, the US isolationist might have prevailed, which would have adversely influenced the recovery of West Germany, and Communism might not have collapsed so quickly. The book makes the point, that without the threat of the USSR in Eastern Europe, the US isolationist might have prevailed, which would have adversely influenced the recovery of West Germany, and Communism might not have collapsed so quickly. Although the book is relativly easy to read, its 800 plus pages are peppered with little over-the-top clauses that add about 200 unnecessary pages to the work. Nevertheless, as non-professional historian, I would rank the book slightly under 5 stars.
 As a pharmacy student, I found the Washington Manual to be the best pocket guide for looking up guidelines and treatment options, as well as interaction charts and pregnancy categories.  This is a well written book that covers most of the major cronic health conditions and treatment.  This book does not waste time and space talking about every detail of each disease state, but rather focuses on the causes, measurements and treatments.  My only criticism is that this latest edition is dated 2004 and in medical therapeutics, is considered old
 This book tells us the truth that has been hidden from most U.S. citizens for so many years. Each chapter tells about a different regime change given us all the dirty little details, names and places of the participants.  This book helped me and will help all of us to finally understand "why they hate us". I only regret that their is not a sequel
 I could not put this book down!  I was so amazed with this shocking story that I bought several copies for gifts.  Reading this book was like watching a scary movie. 
 I was stunned at how much I enjoyed this book. I had avoided it for years since I was not a big fan of the movie. This book really explains well both the history of the Civil War (troop movements, etc) as well as the personalities of its participants. It is an intimate portrayal of these characters, especially Lee and Jackson. I found it to be quite compelling and I'm looking forward to book three of the trilogy
 I took the 2 Tom Cover's classes in Information Theory at Stanford last year. We used this book as the text for both classes. The first class covered roughly the first 8 chapters and the second class the remaining ones. This book assumes that the reader has a clear understanding of basic probability theory.I took the 2 Tom Cover's classes in Information Theory at Stanford last year. We used this book as the text for both classes. The first class covered roughly the first 8 chapters and the second class the remaining ones. This book assumes that the reader has a clear understanding of basic probability theory.Tom's classes were among the most enjoyable I took last year and I recommend this text to anyone interested in knowing about Information Theory. If you just want to know the basics, read through chapters 1-8. The reader interested in understanding the power of information theory is adviced to read the whole book. A final comment, it is clear to me after my experience with Tom's classes that mastering Information Theory is a daunting task. And in fact, this book provides the interested researcher just with the basic knowledge needed to enter the field
 I think one of my major problems was the level of opinion being shotat the reader in the book. But then at times that made the book moreentertaining - its acerbic opinion of the right, how Reagan gettingelected made her feel stupid about being American, a funny British couple. The description of small details from each of the characters' childhood was something Icould relate to because i think of that myself. There were clevertidbits from anthropology, and economics, and generally all fields ofintellectual inquiry, all somehow connected with the patchwork of loveand relationships, and thus brain meets heart and you end up withsomething almost like the Bible for our times. The focus on the maincharacter made it so that every detail about him was described.Anyway, I am rambling, so, a note about the ending:I did find myself thinking this is getting very strange as the bookgot towards the ending. It might have made more sense if Nelsonactually was interested in the new girl the narrator finds for him,and the story then comes full circle. It would end in a nice ironicsort of way. However, his rejecting her makes in my mind for whatwould be a bad traditional ending. I don't mind this, since the onetime I wrote a story for a creative writing course I ended up with aterrible traditional ending. Now, could he have been anything otherthan a mystic? I felt that there was some hint towards Hinduism andspirituality building up towards the end. He mentioned India andHinduism unexpectedly and repeatedly at one point in the book. So hisbecoming a mystic was alluding perhaps to the ashramas - and histransition from intellectual worker to a mystical worker to eventuallya sage, as he attains Nirvana and becomes the Buddha of our times. Soin this way an ending emphasizing the spiritual, is perhaps the best.In line with the book, the spiritual is the eternal, and onlyaccessible through life-changing (near-death) experience. What you dofrom 25-50 (making a model village in rural Africa) is transient (cannever be perfect; infighting; hunting; guns; the "dark-side" of humannature will come back even in Utopia; i like the flexible hours; workwhen you want; accumulate credits; do manual labor once in a while;start the day with reading , not the end when you are tired; siesta,fiesta etc.) no matter how good you are. The girl herself is secondaryto the book - ironic since the book promotes feminism, is written by aguy with a female narrator but a male protagonist, who she is fixatedon and has doubts about. But in the end the Jesus character is stillmale. While the female goes back to Palo Alto and takes an average jobin service of the savior. The Man has the final laugh.Do you favor a better ending
 In her latest book, Tracey Wood demystifies the process of teaching kids to read.In her latest book, Tracey Wood demystifies the process of teaching kids to read.As parents, we've all been told that reading is critical to a child's success in school, in a future career and for pleasure and enrichment throughout a lifetime.  We feel a great deal of pressure to help our children achieve this important skill, but typically don't know how to go about it.As parents, we've all been told that reading is critical to a child's success in school, in a future career and for pleasure and enrichment throughout a lifetime.  We feel a great deal of pressure to help our children achieve this important skill, but typically don't know how to go about it.Tracey presents a refreshingly straightforward, step-by-step approach to teaching reading skills.  The book is chock-full of word lists, fun activities, games, and creative ideas to engage a child's interest and get him reading.  There are helpful book recommendations for readers of all levels (including parents!) and pointers on spotting reading problems early, with practical suggestions for getting help.  The book is spiced with humorous anecdotes parents can truly appreciate.  Tracey's compassion and commonsense shine through and take the stress out of teaching kids to read.Tracey presents a refreshingly straightforward, step-by-step approach to teaching reading skills.  The book is chock-full of word lists, fun activities, games, and creative ideas to engage a child's interest and get him reading.  There are helpful book recommendations for readers of all levels (including parents!) and pointers on spotting reading problems early, with practical suggestions for getting help.  The book is spiced with humorous anecdotes parents can truly appreciate.  Tracey's compassion and commonsense shine through and take the stress out of teaching kids to read.I highly recommend this book to parents of beginning readers.
 There is no way, you should limit yourself to just one source, this book is a second source book,(Maybe even third source).There is no way, you should limit yourself to just one source, this book is a second source book,(Maybe even third source).That said, It's great for looking up names, (there is a lot listed) For finding names that may not be household, then looking at better sources for more info.That said, It's great for looking up names, (there is a lot listed) For finding names that may not be household, then looking at better sources for more info.There is no book that has everything, every name, every movie star, if so, it costs 500.00 or the book weighs about 10 pounds.There is no book that has everything, every name, every movie star, if so, it costs 500.00 or the book weighs about 10 pounds.You don't want to buy a library? ok, then, it's ok by itself, its fun by itself, to just do browsing, almost, (but its not) a coffee table book.a coffee table book.It works well with other book sources, to check, and maybe another source will prove it wrong, or "Who's Who" proves the other book wrong, when double checking.It works well with other book sources, to check, and maybe another source will prove it wrong, or "Who's Who" proves the other book wrong, when double checking.I didn't find loads of errors in here, a few, the biggest problem (as others mentioned) is very brief or not complete career lists, movies or TV they did is not complete.I didn't find loads of errors in here, a few, the biggest problem (as others mentioned) is very brief or not complete career lists, movies or TV they did is not complete.It's not a great book, it's a great second source book, a double check or name finder book, for movie and TV stars.a double check or name finder book, for movie and TV stars.At a fair price, it should be in your collection just for the reasons I mentioned.At a fair price, it should be in your collection just for the reasons I mentioned.Buy it? yes, buy it
 If you are a gourmet chef this book may be far too basic for you but it is great for a beginner like me.  I have two kids under the age of two and have been able to cook a decent meal from this cookbook every night for the past month that I have owned it.  My husband has been very impressed with my new found cooking abilities and all but one of the meals I have fixed has been good.  I would recommend this book to anyone who has lost faith that they can ever cook well
 This book is a perfect trade off between simplified "for-dummies" type writing that simply acquaints you with the subject matter and a comprehensive text that thoroughly covers the subject. If you are a CPA hopeful, a governmental finance professional or a political science graduate student this is the text for you. Although layout and vocabulary could be simplified for improved readability, once you become familiar with the authors' style the reading is enjoyable.  
 There was not a single poem I didn't like, and most of them I loved. Her poems seem to touch upon the core of things. I feel comfortable with saying I think she is in the same league as Mary Oliver, Hafiz, Stafford, And Rumi.
 In the last few decades historians --following sociologists such as Durkheim-- have turned their attention to the ways in which new technologies have altered people's experience of space and time.  Schivelbusch's small piece is a pretty good (but light-weight) example of  this genre. He reveals some interesting trivia along the way: he tells, for  example, how padded upolstery was invented to assuage the fears of  first-class passengers brought about by the roughness of new speed; he  shows that compartment design in passenger cars reflect the contrasting  social values of Europe and America. But he is at his most interesting when  describing the ways in which the railroad created new conceptual forms of  geographical distance by obliterating the spaces in between destinations.  Furthermore, by creating the need for standardized time-tables, railways  nurtured a standardized/homogenized conception of time. Local  idiocyncracies became less important. Doubtless true national identities  could never have emerged without revolutions in transportation and  communications. A book that takes these ideas much further is Stephen  Kern's excellent work &quot;The Culture of Time and Space.&quot; If this  genre interests you, Kern's book is an important read
 This is my favorite of the series thus far. Without wanting to give too much away, this is the book in which you finally learn just exactly why Roland is willing to give up anything and everything (and clearly has) just to get to the Dark Tower. King mentions that the Dark Tower series is sort of like his Middle-Earth, where all of his stories originate in some way from this massive odyssey and world, and you see what he means with this book. Fan's of The Stand will recognize signs of the super flu within the first few hundred pages, and one of my all time favorite King villains comes back to pay his respects
 I really like this book it was well written and enjoyable.The characters in it were very interesting to read about. I like the way that Imogene and Maxine stayed friends all the way through the book. The two girls really seemed to bring out the best in each other.Maxine never thought Imogene was crazy because of the strange things that happened. Maxine just believed her and helped her through everything. Overall it was a well written book with very good characters and it showed what friendship really is
 Great gift from Grandmother. Children love this book. It's a great book for anybody learning the English language. EVERY class should have this book. This is a gift that everybody appreciates.  Get the book down for the child to look at and learn. Great teaching tool!  Exceptional pictures! I always buy two--one for the new grandchild, and a copy goes to the school, when they start school.  You have my vote for the VERY BEST
 Immanuel Kant is truly one of the most influential moral philosophers in history; and with this book, Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals, he positioned himself far further.In this book you will find things to be deeply contemplated, about "good will", the moral value of conduct and its metaphysical aspects.This translation of the Kant's original Grundlegung von Metaphysik der Sitten to English is quiet easy to understand, so it is relatively an easy-reading book
 Said gives good insight into politics, especially in the middle east.  I didn't enjoy the literature section as much because I wasn't familiar with the authors. 
 Hal Zina Bennett's profound advice from his prolific writing career (over 30 published books) is, &quot;write from the heart&quot;.  As wonderful as that sounds, most writers know it's not an easy thing to do.  	Hal takes us to another dimension by sharing his personal process and showing each of us how we can remove the blocks to our expression and creativity by learning how to speak from our heart to the heart of our reader. I can speak from my own personal experience, having attended his workshops and received personal counselling from him in the process of writing my book, &quot;Sacred Woman, Sacred Dance:  Awakening Spirituality Through Movement and Ritual&quot;. 	&quot;Write From the Heart&quot; also offers practical guidance in several areas.  This includes such things as the need for solitude.  However, he is not just talking about having &quot;a quiet space&quot;, he goes beyond the physical to the inner - a state of mind.  He says, &quot;Once we know what it is, what it looks like and feels like, we can create it for ourselves, almost--I say &quot;almost&quot;--regardless of where we happen to be.&quot;  	I would certainly recommend this book to anyone writing for personal expression or looking to be published
 In light of Rev. Falwell's unfortunate comments about the tragedy of Sept. 11, 2001, I recommend this book to anyone seeking to understand, &quot;Why would that guy say that stuff?&quot; Harding presents an objective, intelligent, perceptive analysis of the way that Fundamentalist language shapes the way in which they relate to the world, and how Jerry Falwell changed that shaping from withdrawal to the active Moral Majority of the 1980s. Harding combs through Falwell's history and sermons to observe how the language of &quot;being born again&quot; affects the listener, showing Falwell's shift from separatism to political activism. She critiques both Falwell and Falwell's critics in a fair and keenly insightful way. Good reading and good understanding
 I agree with the reviews already written. I too got bogged down with trying to keep track of the names. It is when I got to the end I found the listing of the people. If I had known that earlier it would have reduced my mind confusion. Really enjoyed the way the book was written. You felt their pain with out seeing their blood. I better understand the explosion
 kurt vonnegut's book slaughterhouse five is a great piece of literary work in itself. his unique style of black humor, combined with his vivid imagination is second to none. this book was exciting and unpredictable as i continued to read! its main purpose involved the struggle of a man with his grip on reality. is he, or is he not crazy?kurt vonnegut's book slaughterhouse five is a great piece of literary work in itself. his unique style of black humor, combined with his vivid imagination is second to none. this book was exciting and unpredictable as i continued to read! its main purpose involved the struggle of a man with his grip on reality. is he, or is he not crazy?the imagery in this book was another great element, and many regard this as one of the greatest anti-war books of the century. this book is definitely worth reading and will not disappoint! you can't go wrong with kurt vonnegut's slaughterhouse five
 First off this is "A History of Hollywood" not "THE History of Hollywood."  David Thomson isn't writing the chronological, straight-up, blow-by-blow account of Hollywood movies.  "The Whole Equation" is an essay that takes as its question, "are Hollywood films ever art like a Beethoven symphony or a Picasso painting?"  He says they are both more and less than that.  More because American film captures the tension between wanting to make money and wanting to say something which allows for the unintentional to happen.  That serendipity is wonderful when it works which isn't often.  Less because there are always artistic compromises as someone is always looking at the budget and thinking about the profits.First off this is "A History of Hollywood" not "THE History of Hollywood."  David Thomson isn't writing the chronological, straight-up, blow-by-blow account of Hollywood movies.  "The Whole Equation" is an essay that takes as its question, "are Hollywood films ever art like a Beethoven symphony or a Picasso painting?"  He says they are both more and less than that.  More because American film captures the tension between wanting to make money and wanting to say something which allows for the unintentional to happen.  That serendipity is wonderful when it works which isn't often.  Less because there are always artistic compromises as someone is always looking at the budget and thinking about the profits.And unlike most film critics he is just fine with this tension.  His argument is that to understand and appreciate American film, you have to understand that it's always about the money and about the art.  That means it is never truly art in any pure way (but is any art truly pure?). To tell you the truth, I don't think the book succeeds that well on that level.  He  points out various people and their struggles with this dilemma through out the history of American film but he doesn't developed a coherent argument that builds on his initial insight.And unlike most film critics he is just fine with this tension.  His argument is that to understand and appreciate American film, you have to understand that it's always about the money and about the art.  That means it is never truly art in any pure way (but is any art truly pure?). To tell you the truth, I don't think the book succeeds that well on that level.  He  points out various people and their struggles with this dilemma through out the history of American film but he doesn't developed a coherent argument that builds on his initial insight.For me, that just didn't matter.  What makes it a terrific read is that David Thomson knows and loves film.  He writes with a adolescent thrill and openness about his subject that makes it fun and poetic.  He uses the film "Chinatown" as his framing device and as that is my all-time favorite movie, I was in heaven.  He is not a deep thinker but his book crackles with his delight in sensations whether of the movie theater, the audience, the actors, the costumes, the music, all of it.  He constantly raises questions and throws out insights that just tumble onto each other until you realize that like watching a film, you must just suspend your disbelief and enjoy the ride.
 I read Any way the wind blows & Not a day goes by before I read Abide with me.  If you happen to come into the series of E. Lynn's books and want more of the scoop on Basil's problems with his past, Raymond's lifestyle, the true 'not-so-divafied' evil side of Yancey and they're mutual friends...then you should start with this one!  It'll help you put 'two & two together' on the lives and backgrounds of all of the characters
 "Underground Education" does not so much offer a radical intellectual perspective, as is perhaps implied by the title. But rather is a collection of funny stories and oddball facts about various people and events from the past. Some of the historical figures are famous, such as George Washington and Cleopatra. While others, like the several female serial killers discussed, are more obscure. The book is divided into 10 chapters, including the arts, religion, science and sex. Actually, this book reminds me somewhat of the "People's Almanac" series written by David Wallechinsky. But here the emphasis is definitely on the strange and often perverse. It's a fun read for those interested in this sort of knowledge. But some entries are overlong and most readers will probably want to read the sections of greatest interest rather than cover to cover. Still it is a worthwhile purchase.
 National Geographic Magazine has long been recognized for the quality of its color photographs by its brilliant staff of photographers who manage to go to places both known and unknown and open vistas of other cultures, other peoples, other landscapes.  In this very large and exceptionally affordable volume are some of NG's finest images plus many dazzling photographs not previously published in the magazine. The result is a panorama of the world as few other books can supply.National Geographic Magazine has long been recognized for the quality of its color photographs by its brilliant staff of photographers who manage to go to places both known and unknown and open vistas of other cultures, other peoples, other landscapes.  In this very large and exceptionally affordable volume are some of NG's finest images plus many dazzling photographs not previously published in the magazine. The result is a panorama of the world as few other books can supply.Covering nearly all the countries of the world, WIDE ANGLE uses its descriptor to unfold some remarkable images of fields and terrain and the peoples who inhabit them, all composed beautifully with NGs typical 'hidden camera' technique.  This is a travel volume for those who plan to visit the out of the ordinary places as  well as a scrapbook for those who have been to the more accessible places, but is it more: this is a closer look at the planet we inhabit that is so magnificent  it urges us by images alone to protect the beauty we threaten to destroy.  Recommended. Grady Harp, January 06   
 Colonial Fantasies is a powerfully argued and engaging dissection of colonial psychology, critiques of Orientalism that isolate gender and culture, and the Western feminist adoption of the rescue paradigm.  One of Yegenoglu's incisive arguments is that desire is the nexus in the process of colonial discourse that constitutes the Western subject as well as the possible resistance or interruption of this process.  As desire frames the relation between the subject and its other, Yegenoglu argues that the veil interrupts the relation.  As a barrier from which the other can see but avoid being seen, the veil is the site at which the colonialist desire is made manifest, but simultaneously displaced (62).  Her argumentation is lucid and compelling: for the colonial gaze, the veil is both the tantalizing object of desire (in the fantasy of unveiling) as well as the bte-noire, because it precludes the climax of the voyeuristic project.  The veil therefore frustrates the identity-forming process of the subject-object positioning in colonialist discourse; the subject cannot quite see the object, and its subjectivity thus remains in question.  Interestingly, this overtly phallocentric logic of identity forming through scopic penetration has been inherited by Western feminism.  As the veil has come to signify the backwardness of Islam and its inherent oppression of women, the visibility of the veil itself comes to embody difference.  In this dynamic, the identity of the liberated Western woman is constructed vis--vis the oppressed Muslim woman (102).  Since the status of Western women is contingent on the continued representation of Muslim women as oppressed, Yegenoglu reveals that the Western feminist establishment has a vested interest in the exceedingly patriarchal ideology of colonialism.  Yegenoglu then exposes the fallacy of assuming the unveiled woman to be normative; such universal constructions serve particular political ends in outmoded Enlightenment ideology.  She argues that unveiling and veiling are both cultural practices particular to certain cultures and historical moments (115).  This facilitates the deconstruction of the binary by unfixing the poles.  In sum, Yegenoglu's critical analysis of the colonial fantasy has produced a thorough tome sure to provoke further discussion among post-colonial theorists
 This book is not only interesting but gives a great deal of insight into life on "death row," at least in the state of Mississippi, and the appeals process involved with stays of execution and commutation of sentences.  It touches on activities of the Ku Klux Klan. It was my impression that the author leans toward those who favor the abolition of the death penalty.  However, some sympathy is found for the victims of crime.  The story centers on Sam Cayhall who is sentenced to death after several trials over a number of years following the crime.  Sam's grandson becomes his attorney during the last months of appeal from "death row." The latter part of the book leaves one wondering whether or not there will be an execution.  Meanwhile Sam shows repentance and response to the prison's chaplain.This book is not only interesting but gives a great deal of insight into life on "death row," at least in the state of Mississippi, and the appeals process involved with stays of execution and commutation of sentences.  It touches on activities of the Ku Klux Klan. It was my impression that the author leans toward those who favor the abolition of the death penalty.  However, some sympathy is found for the victims of crime.  The story centers on Sam Cayhall who is sentenced to death after several trials over a number of years following the crime.  Sam's grandson becomes his attorney during the last months of appeal from "death row." The latter part of the book leaves one wondering whether or not there will be an execution.  Meanwhile Sam shows repentance and response to the prison's chaplain.I found it to be one of the better John Grisham books.
 A work of art, Makine's use of language is stunning.  Not a quick read, I frequently had to stop and ponder many profound passages.  Literature as an art form is not dead
 Mrs. Kent's story applies to each of in the hard places of life.  We all have an "Isaac" - the person or thing closest to our hearts, our future hopes and dreams - that must be layed down.  In telling her story, Mrs. Kent illustrates the difficulty of this, yet demonstrates that it can be done.  She doesn't gloss over the pain, yet doesn't leave us there, either.  She shows us there is hope
 Quite often, we read books for young people where the main characters must lean to care for others and not just themselves-where the main character must break away from childhood egocentrism and emerge into the adult world.  In Katherine Paterson's Lyddie, readers find the opposite theme:  Learning to not lose oneself in the responsibilities of the adult world. Quite often, we read books for young people where the main characters must lean to care for others and not just themselves-where the main character must break away from childhood egocentrism and emerge into the adult world.  In Katherine Paterson's Lyddie, readers find the opposite theme:  Learning to not lose oneself in the responsibilities of the adult world. The novel follows Lydia Worthen, a teenager in 1840s Vermont.  With her father gone to seek his fortune, Lyddie, with some help from her brother Charlie, must take charge of the family farm, her emotionally unstable mother, and her younger sisters.  To cover the farm debt, Lyddie's mother leases the farm and sends her oldest children into forced servitude.  After a year of misery working for a local tavern, Lyddie becomes a mill hand in Lowell, Massachusetts.  While there, Lyddie's sole focus becomes earning the money to pay off the farm debt and reunite her family.  Her hard work and single-mindedness earn her a reputation as a "skinflint" and "Amazon."  It's only after the farm is sold, her youngest sister dies, her mother is sent to the asylum, her remaining siblings are adopted by another family, and her job is lost over fraudulent charges that Lyddie begins to look out for herself-that she begins to ask what she wants for herself.The novel follows Lydia Worthen, a teenager in 1840s Vermont.  With her father gone to seek his fortune, Lyddie, with some help from her brother Charlie, must take charge of the family farm, her emotionally unstable mother, and her younger sisters.  To cover the farm debt, Lyddie's mother leases the farm and sends her oldest children into forced servitude.  After a year of misery working for a local tavern, Lyddie becomes a mill hand in Lowell, Massachusetts.  While there, Lyddie's sole focus becomes earning the money to pay off the farm debt and reunite her family.  Her hard work and single-mindedness earn her a reputation as a "skinflint" and "Amazon."  It's only after the farm is sold, her youngest sister dies, her mother is sent to the asylum, her remaining siblings are adopted by another family, and her job is lost over fraudulent charges that Lyddie begins to look out for herself-that she begins to ask what she wants for herself.While Lyddie is not Paterson's best work, the book does provide lively insight to factory life in Lowell, where many young women flocked in the early 1840s for economic opportunity.  While readers are not thrown into the heart of the labor movement, we are able to see the conditions that led to organized labor: The long hours, the sexual harassment, the illness and disease resulting from mill work.  Still, all of this background provides a fitting setting for the story of a young woman who must learn that she has more to offer the world than her back-breaking labor.  If you've enjoyed Paterson's other works of historical fiction, Lyddie will not disappoint.  While Lyddie is not Paterson's best work, the book does provide lively insight to factory life in Lowell, where many young women flocked in the early 1840s for economic opportunity.  While readers are not thrown into the heart of the labor movement, we are able to see the conditions that led to organized labor: The long hours, the sexual harassment, the illness and disease resulting from mill work.  Still, all of this background provides a fitting setting for the story of a young woman who must learn that she has more to offer the world than her back-breaking labor.  If you've enjoyed Paterson's other works of historical fiction, Lyddie will not disappoint.  
 This is an excellent book if used correctly.  When you apply everything that the books says to your life it will change things for the positive.  It is a realistic approach to evangelism that really works
 I adored this book.  The character development is strong, and delightful! With the exception of the villain, all characters are likeable.  I couldn't wait to read the next book in the trilogy
 When you read any of Amy Tan's books it makes you feel like you are a part of the story.  This book was a great read because it evokes emotions of excitement and sadness for the main character all at once
 Fabulously entertaining novel from Martin Amis which easily eclipses the rather depressing `Information.' John Self is a blatantly materialistic hedonist who works as a profitable director of commercials. He is an alcoholic, a misogynist, and a microcosm of mainstream American culture in the 1980's. John has also landed a gig directing a feature film, titled `Good Money,' and `Bad Money,' depending on what day of the week it is. Amis' writing is mordantly brilliant; both acerbic and biting. There are transactions in here that I just love, such as John's stinging interactions with his girlfriend Selina: Fabulously entertaining novel from Martin Amis which easily eclipses the rather depressing `Information.' John Self is a blatantly materialistic hedonist who works as a profitable director of commercials. He is an alcoholic, a misogynist, and a microcosm of mainstream American culture in the 1980's. John has also landed a gig directing a feature film, titled `Good Money,' and `Bad Money,' depending on what day of the week it is. Amis' writing is mordantly brilliant; both acerbic and biting. There are transactions in here that I just love, such as John's stinging interactions with his girlfriend Selina: " `I've just gone off sex,' said Selina this morning, as she finished the tea I fondly brought her. `So?' I asked her. `God, be nice. Use your imagination. It'll pass. I've just gone off sex.' Then what do you think is the point of you? I wanted to say. But I didn't. I resisted the temptation. I looked into the proud drama of her face, the valves and orbits of her throat, the wetlook runnels of her hair, the breasts, heavier than ever, solidly mounted on the ribcage, the naked slopes of the belly, the sudden flaring of the hips, a smell of sleep. `Then what do you think is the point of you?'`You', she said, `are unreal' (226). `You', she said, `are unreal' (226). You should read Amis for his remarkable power of description, his talent for black comedy and middle-aged disillusionment. Pay little heed to his flights into post-modernity, they are merely exercises in literary chic.
 I was recently diagnosed with knee osteoarthritis, and I started following the nutritional suggestions in this book. I think it's already starting to help! Plus it tells you how to perform strengthening exercises for your aching joints. I am a big fan of Dr. Nelson's other works. I like how she explains the science and the applications. I plan to share this with my mom, who also has osteoarthritis
 I think some of the previous reviwers with negative opinions are taking this book waaay too seriously. As political thrillers go, this is one of the best of the genre. It's packed with insider information, from power-mad politicians and the amoral king-makers who advise them, to nerves-of-steel assassins avoiding the meticulous pursuit of the FBI. Granted the premise is implausible: a group of former SEALS assassinate a group of congressmen and senators who the SEALS believe have sold the country down the river (or, in the Southern vernacular, because "they needed killin'"). While one can argue whether the SEALS have the high moral ground in this setting, it doesn't detract from the page-turning non-stop action. Like a thrill ride at Disneyland, this book should not be examined too critically. Just get in, hold on, close your eyes, and enjoy the ride
 I can't say enough about this wonderful book. It's packed full of examples, covers more than just the pre-adoption and placement aspects, and is incredibly non-judgemental. There's so much information here, more than I expected. It really helped me think through all of the issues related to adoption. It's for both birth and adoptive parents, in fact, two of the birth parents we've been in contact with were excited to hear about it and ended up ordering the book themselves. Reading through this book really helped me conquer my fears about adoption. I'm so glad it was recommended to us. If you're thinking about adoption, even if you're thinking that open adoption isn't right for you I highly recommend taking a chance and buying this book. It's great
 This book was the best financial planning book I have ever read. It had real life situations that helped out alot. I didn't realize how much in debt I was until I read this. I didn't have a problem with making payments and even paying extra on them. But I never planned for a disaster or loss of a job. If you spend a couple of years paying off your debt, that is years of happiness just knowing you don't others money. This book helped me realize this. Thank You Larry Burkett for this and all of your other books, God was really with you during your writting
 William Manchester, the greatest narrative historian of or time, provides a vivid account of his experiences in the Pacific Theatre during World War II.  As with all of his books, we see, hear, smell, taste, and feel the experiences with him, as if we were there.  Although more personal, of course, than his other narrative histories, Goodbye Darkness provides the same factual details, and each sentence, paragraph, and chapter is crafted with the same beauty and skill that is Manchester's hallmark.  An amazing memoir by a truly great writer.
 Beautiful. Kushner attacks many of the world's carnal attitudes and inputs thoughts and principles that help combat them. Though he is not Christian, this book is full of principles that help you avoid being conformed to this world and be transformed by the renewing of your mind
 Exciting and highly entertaining story about 3 men who travel to the centre of the earth through an extinct volcano. Here they come across prehistoric forests, a giant subterranean sea inhabited by prehistoric marine dinosaurs, and some ancient offshoots of man. Although some of the science bits are outdated, implausable and sometimes drag a little, the book is still surprisingly modern and fresh after 140 years. Maybe the first adventure novel of this kind and certainly of influence on modern culture.
 If you read one book on food ethics in your life, it should be this book.If you read one book on food ethics in your life, it should be this book.Singer and Mason's book is an excellently researched and foot-noted exploration of three different American diets, tracing these diets back to their sources and showing the many hidden affects that our food choices have on our environment, our neighbors, the animals that many of us eat, and ultimately ourselves. This book shows how these seemingly innocuous choices really do make a difference in our world, and then guides the reader towards resources which might help them make different choices, if they so choose.Singer and Mason's book is an excellently researched and foot-noted exploration of three different American diets, tracing these diets back to their sources and showing the many hidden affects that our food choices have on our environment, our neighbors, the animals that many of us eat, and ultimately ourselves. This book shows how these seemingly innocuous choices really do make a difference in our world, and then guides the reader towards resources which might help them make different choices, if they so choose.This book is not only full of an amazing depth and breadth of information on everything from organics, to local food, to intensive factory farms, to fair trade products, it also is immensely readable. The meetings with the three different families are very vivid and help to humanize these issues further. This book is not only full of an amazing depth and breadth of information on everything from organics, to local food, to intensive factory farms, to fair trade products, it also is immensely readable. The meetings with the three different families are very vivid and help to humanize these issues further. I highly recommend this book to every thinking person who eats. Which is, really, all of us. Please read this book! Do yourself, your neighbors and your planet a favor! I highly recommend this book to every thinking person who eats. Which is, really, all of us. Please read this book! Do yourself, your neighbors and your planet a favor! (:,Jennife
 Design is a difficult process that is often associated more with art than science.  With principles of style, concerns about how design works.Design is a difficult process that is often associated more with art than science.  With principles of style, concerns about how design works.While many wring their hands about this, Alexander breaks the problem down, organizes it and then provides a framework for design that is relatively design neutral.  That is a feat in deed.  While many wring their hands about this, Alexander breaks the problem down, organizes it and then provides a framework for design that is relatively design neutral.  That is a feat in deed.  By thinking about how one structures a problem space and the bias that creates -- Alexander give the practioner a powerful tool for setting up the design process and scope.  He then goes on to discuss the design process and he makes important distinctions between concious and unconcious design.  By thinking about how one structures a problem space and the bias that creates -- Alexander give the practioner a powerful tool for setting up the design process and scope.  He then goes on to discuss the design process and he makes important distinctions between concious and unconcious design.  Notes on Synthesis and Form are the foundation for Alexander's work on design patterns.  This is the must read book before spending time on these other works.Notes on Synthesis and Form are the foundation for Alexander's work on design patterns.  This is the must read book before spending time on these other works.For the practioner, this book provides a powerful and applicable framework for addressing problems in multiple disciplines.
 Another great story.  Stephen King is not typical in this book.  The development of the characters is awesome.  You felt everything that Dolores was going through and you know you would have done the same thing.  You route for her.  She is spunky, bitter but she means business.  Great book.  I highly recommend this book.  I read it in about 6 hours
 I bought the book the other day and breezed right thru it.  It's great in that you can skip around the book to the sections you NEED to read (or refresh yourself on).  I keep it handy because I often refer to it.  It is thorough in explaining various aspects of reading music, playing, etc.  The humor interspersed makes it enjoyable to read rather than boring but the humor doesn't detract from the content and lesson.  Glad I bought it and you should buy it, too, if you want to teach yourself how to play
 The Waste Lands, the third novel in Stephen King's The Dark Tower series is by far the best volume yet.  This volume picks up a short time after the end of Drawing of the Three, and we see Roland training Eddie and Susannah to become true gunslingers in Roland's world.  Soon into the novel, the three gunslingers encounter one the Guardians of Mid-World, a huge cyborg bear, who is guarding a portal that goes between the different worlds.  Roland explains that each of these portals is connected to the Dark Tower by a beam, and if they follow the beam, it will lead them directly to the Dark Tower, they just don't know how far away it is.The Waste Lands, the third novel in Stephen King's The Dark Tower series is by far the best volume yet.  This volume picks up a short time after the end of Drawing of the Three, and we see Roland training Eddie and Susannah to become true gunslingers in Roland's world.  Soon into the novel, the three gunslingers encounter one the Guardians of Mid-World, a huge cyborg bear, who is guarding a portal that goes between the different worlds.  Roland explains that each of these portals is connected to the Dark Tower by a beam, and if they follow the beam, it will lead them directly to the Dark Tower, they just don't know how far away it is.As the three gunslingers start to follow the beam, we, the readers, are taken to our own world and reintroduced to Jake, the ill-fated child from The Gunslinger.  Jake is currently having a mental breakdown (as is Roland) due to the fact that Roland saved him from dying his destined death at the hands of a Cadillac in The Drawing of the Three.  One part of Jake tells him he should be dead, the other says he should be alive.  Jake's mental breakdown leads him on a journey across New York to a haunted house that has many connections with other characters in the book, and in this house, Jake believes he can get back to Mid-World and be reunited with Roland.As the three gunslingers start to follow the beam, we, the readers, are taken to our own world and reintroduced to Jake, the ill-fated child from The Gunslinger.  Jake is currently having a mental breakdown (as is Roland) due to the fact that Roland saved him from dying his destined death at the hands of a Cadillac in The Drawing of the Three.  One part of Jake tells him he should be dead, the other says he should be alive.  Jake's mental breakdown leads him on a journey across New York to a haunted house that has many connections with other characters in the book, and in this house, Jake believes he can get back to Mid-World and be reunited with Roland.The final part of the journey in The Waste Lands, takes our group to a city called Lud, on the outskirts of the waste lands.  The group believes they need to find a monorail named Blaine in the city, and he will help them on their journey to the Dark Tower.  Once they enter the city, much goes wrong and we are introduced to a really cool, but really evil character called the Tick-Tock Man, who runs Lud.  All of this leads up to a ridiculously exciting conclusion and a killer cliffhanger that makes me really glad I waited to read these until they were all published.The final part of the journey in The Waste Lands, takes our group to a city called Lud, on the outskirts of the waste lands.  The group believes they need to find a monorail named Blaine in the city, and he will help them on their journey to the Dark Tower.  Once they enter the city, much goes wrong and we are introduced to a really cool, but really evil character called the Tick-Tock Man, who runs Lud.  All of this leads up to a ridiculously exciting conclusion and a killer cliffhanger that makes me really glad I waited to read these until they were all published.As far as action and suspense goes, The Waste Lands takes the cake easily from the previous two books.  Most of all, this book makes us appreciate the character development from the previous books.  We care so much about these characters, and would be devastated if anything were to happen to them.  This book also goes a long way in providing some much needed answers about the Dark Tower in general and Mid-World.  These answers are both satisfying and frustrating.  They are satisfying that you aren't completely clueless as to what is going on, but there are deeper answers to everything that we are given in this novel, so it just makes you want to read on more.As far as action and suspense goes, The Waste Lands takes the cake easily from the previous two books.  Most of all, this book makes us appreciate the character development from the previous books.  We care so much about these characters, and would be devastated if anything were to happen to them.  This book also goes a long way in providing some much needed answers about the Dark Tower in general and Mid-World.  These answers are both satisfying and frustrating.  They are satisfying that you aren't completely clueless as to what is going on, but there are deeper answers to everything that we are given in this novel, so it just makes you want to read on more.The series just keeps getting better as it goes along
 Edward Gorey uses gothic illustrations to tell the tale of a strange creature who appears one day in a family's home.  The prose is an amusing rhyme which describes the family's confusion and frustration at dealing  with this unwanted guest.  Although the illustrations are gothic and dark,  the reader is still amused by the creature and the family who must deal  with it
 First off, I have to admit: I am 22 years old and read the entirety of this book in one 7 hour sitting on my way to Paris.First off, I have to admit: I am 22 years old and read the entirety of this book in one 7 hour sitting on my way to Paris.I picked up the novel out of sheer curiosity and personal research for my job. I work at Barnes & Noble and am in charge of both the Teen and Children's sections. When our store sold out of New Moon within a week of initially getting the book, my curiosity was piqued -- I felt I had to give its predecessor a try so I knew what the hype was about and could give an honest opinion about the book.I picked up the novel out of sheer curiosity and personal research for my job. I work at Barnes & Noble and am in charge of both the Teen and Children's sections. When our store sold out of New Moon within a week of initially getting the book, my curiosity was piqued -- I felt I had to give its predecessor a try so I knew what the hype was about and could give an honest opinion about the book.Now here I sit and I have finished both Twilight and New Moon. I have to admit -- Meyer has a talent. Both books I read at breakneck speed, barely stopping to eat or sleep. Her prose is smooth and easy, accompanied by a plot that I found engrossing. I went back after reading Twilight and re-read my favorite sections more than once. The love story was hypnotizing and surprisingly seductive. I definitely plan on recommend this book, mainly to teenage girls who will swoon over Edward.Now here I sit and I have finished both Twilight and New Moon. I have to admit -- Meyer has a talent. Both books I read at breakneck speed, barely stopping to eat or sleep. Her prose is smooth and easy, accompanied by a plot that I found engrossing. I went back after reading Twilight and re-read my favorite sections more than once. The love story was hypnotizing and surprisingly seductive. I definitely plan on recommend this book, mainly to teenage girls who will swoon over Edward.However, I only gave the book four stars. While I enjoyed it immensley as I read the novel, a few things bothered me upon looking back: However, I only gave the book four stars. While I enjoyed it immensley as I read the novel, a few things bothered me upon looking back: 1) While Meyer deinitely has a talent for writing an engaging novel full of beautiful descriptions, the character descriptions at times felt extremely lazy. If I had to read one more time about Edward's marble, angelic face (what, exactly, does that mean??), his liquid topaz eyes, or how Bella glared at Edward, I thought I was going to pitch the book down the aisle of the plane.1) While Meyer deinitely has a talent for writing an engaging novel full of beautiful descriptions, the character descriptions at times felt extremely lazy. If I had to read one more time about Edward's marble, angelic face (what, exactly, does that mean??), his liquid topaz eyes, or how Bella glared at Edward, I thought I was going to pitch the book down the aisle of the plane.2) I'm not sure I buy their romance. It was heartstopping and climactic during the read, but honestly, what DOES he see in her? If Bella keeps asking that question to herself, maybe her audience shoud seriously consider it. 2) I'm not sure I buy their romance. It was heartstopping and climactic during the read, but honestly, what DOES he see in her? If Bella keeps asking that question to herself, maybe her audience shoud seriously consider it. 3)Bella herself bothered me. I found Bella to be horribly dependent on Edward to the point that I got irritated with her. And her constantly having to catch her breath around Edward -- Puh-leeze. Be a woman! Stand on your own feet! She never fully developed into a character for me since she revolved solely around Edward, something that I, as a self-sustained woman, cannot connect with.3)Bella herself bothered me. I found Bella to be horribly dependent on Edward to the point that I got irritated with her. And her constantly having to catch her breath around Edward -- Puh-leeze. Be a woman! Stand on your own feet! She never fully developed into a character for me since she revolved solely around Edward, something that I, as a self-sustained woman, cannot connect with.And lastly, 4)Bella wants so desperately to become a vampire, but that seems like it could pose a problem between herself and Edward. Since I haven't seen any evidence that Edward likes Bella for any other reason than that she smells wonderful (a scent that she has because she is human and has blood coursing through her veins, mind you), what happens when she no longer smells good? Meyer is really going to have to prove to me that Edward actually loves Bella for other reasons than her smell, otherwise it will be completely unbelievable if Bella turns into a vampire and Edward is still attracted to this ordinary girl...And lastly, 4)Bella wants so desperately to become a vampire, but that seems like it could pose a problem between herself and Edward. Since I haven't seen any evidence that Edward likes Bella for any other reason than that she smells wonderful (a scent that she has because she is human and has blood coursing through her veins, mind you), what happens when she no longer smells good? Meyer is really going to have to prove to me that Edward actually loves Bella for other reasons than her smell, otherwise it will be completely unbelievable if Bella turns into a vampire and Edward is still attracted to this ordinary girl...Although the plot has its shortcomings, I still thoroughly enjoyed it and that is why I give it four stars. I will read the next one when it comes out, and any other subsequent after that, for the simple reason that the books are entertaining and Edward is so dang alluring
 Boston is trembling under the shadow of a serial murderer with a notably gruesome method of dispatching his victims - brutal, savage rape, an obviously knowledgeable, skillful removal of the uterus while the victim still lives with the coup de grace coming as a slashed throat and severing of the carotid artery! Little wonder the media has awarded him the moniker "The Surgeon". In the course of their investigations, detectives Thomas Moore and Jane Rizzoli discover an earlier case with a virtually identical MO in Savannah in which the murderer, Andrew Capra, was ultimately killed by a stalwart would-be victim who fought back and shot him before he could finish the job! They are startled to discover that the surviving victim, Dr Catherine Cordell, is a noted cardiac surgeon currently practicing in a major Boston hospital, and beyond all belief in the possibility of coincidences, she appears to be the target of the now active killer!Boston is trembling under the shadow of a serial murderer with a notably gruesome method of dispatching his victims - brutal, savage rape, an obviously knowledgeable, skillful removal of the uterus while the victim still lives with the coup de grace coming as a slashed throat and severing of the carotid artery! Little wonder the media has awarded him the moniker "The Surgeon". In the course of their investigations, detectives Thomas Moore and Jane Rizzoli discover an earlier case with a virtually identical MO in Savannah in which the murderer, Andrew Capra, was ultimately killed by a stalwart would-be victim who fought back and shot him before he could finish the job! They are startled to discover that the surviving victim, Dr Catherine Cordell, is a noted cardiac surgeon currently practicing in a major Boston hospital, and beyond all belief in the possibility of coincidences, she appears to be the target of the now active killer!Once again, Gerritsen has unerringly brought her intimate knowledge of medicine and the hospital milieu to the table. But, contrary to what one might fairly expect from Gerritsen's past work, has successfully served up a compelling investigative police procedural which lovingly details the forensics, the pathology, the profiling and the gut-wrenching detail in the relentless task force style search for a psychopathic serial murderer! Several superbly paced sub-plots are inextricably woven into one another as the story unfolds - Cordell's slow recovery from the assault she endured two years ago and her halting re-integration into life and the hospital work force; Jane Rizzoli's bristly temperament as the lone Boston female homicide detective and her work-life struggles against the "old boy" attitude of the police force; Thomas Moore's extended grieving period over the untimely loss of his dearly loved wife and the difficulties he faces as he recognizes his entirely inappropriate blossoming romantic feelings for Catherine Cordell; the task force style investigation of "The Surgeon" and his relationship with the long dead Georgia killer; and, Cordell's daily life in the cardiac ward and the emergency room of the hospital and the brilliantly described relationship she maintains with her working partner, Dr Peter Falco.Once again, Gerritsen has unerringly brought her intimate knowledge of medicine and the hospital milieu to the table. But, contrary to what one might fairly expect from Gerritsen's past work, has successfully served up a compelling investigative police procedural which lovingly details the forensics, the pathology, the profiling and the gut-wrenching detail in the relentless task force style search for a psychopathic serial murderer! Several superbly paced sub-plots are inextricably woven into one another as the story unfolds - Cordell's slow recovery from the assault she endured two years ago and her halting re-integration into life and the hospital work force; Jane Rizzoli's bristly temperament as the lone Boston female homicide detective and her work-life struggles against the "old boy" attitude of the police force; Thomas Moore's extended grieving period over the untimely loss of his dearly loved wife and the difficulties he faces as he recognizes his entirely inappropriate blossoming romantic feelings for Catherine Cordell; the task force style investigation of "The Surgeon" and his relationship with the long dead Georgia killer; and, Cordell's daily life in the cardiac ward and the emergency room of the hospital and the brilliantly described relationship she maintains with her working partner, Dr Peter Falco.Not only does Gerritsen handle all of this with skill and aplomb but, with every passing page and each successful murder, she ratchets up the suspense as we realize the killer is taunting the police, honing his skills and reaching for Catherine Cordell as his ultimate target. Yet he constantly remains one step ahead of the investigation.Not only does Gerritsen handle all of this with skill and aplomb but, with every passing page and each successful murder, she ratchets up the suspense as we realize the killer is taunting the police, honing his skills and reaching for Catherine Cordell as his ultimate target. Yet he constantly remains one step ahead of the investigation.A great addition to the library if, like me, you love your easy reading page-flipping thrillers!A great addition to the library if, like me, you love your easy reading page-flipping thrillers!Paul Weis
 Engrossing and amusing travelogue by world's crankiest traveler.Engrossing and amusing travelogue by world's crankiest traveler.Some people really hate Theroux, accusing him of snobbery, self importance, and bigotry.  I can certainly see why some readers wouldn't be able to deal with his style and opinions, but I must say that this volume might be a pretty good litmus test of readers' tolerance for the author's travel works.  (If you can enjoy this one, you'll probably enjoy his other non-fiction works).Some people really hate Theroux, accusing him of snobbery, self importance, and bigotry.  I can certainly see why some readers wouldn't be able to deal with his style and opinions, but I must say that this volume might be a pretty good litmus test of readers' tolerance for the author's travel works.  (If you can enjoy this one, you'll probably enjoy his other non-fiction works).I, for one, totally enjoyed hearing about grunge-y has-been towns, obnoxious holiday camps, and seedy hotels.  To me, the book was a real page-turner, and he writes so vividly of scenery.  I felt he wrote about the worst bits of his trip with true humor, reminding us travelers that it's helpful to keep a sense of humor during the rough times.  I, for one, totally enjoyed hearing about grunge-y has-been towns, obnoxious holiday camps, and seedy hotels.  To me, the book was a real page-turner, and he writes so vividly of scenery.  I felt he wrote about the worst bits of his trip with true humor, reminding us travelers that it's helpful to keep a sense of humor during the rough times.  I felt the book was a pretty decent scouting report for the island's shoreline, and I now know what to avoid there.  I can definitely thank Theroux and his fussy standards!  I felt the book was a pretty decent scouting report for the island's shoreline, and I now know what to avoid there.  I can definitely thank Theroux and his fussy standards!  If you like Theroux, it's a good bet you'll love this one.If you like Theroux, it's a good bet you'll love this one. 
 My father was a chef, and although we did not have much money, I was brought up appreciating good, fresh, healthy food as well as cookbooks -- my father had a library of cookbooks, gastronomic dictionaries, even cookbooks in French (he was trained by a french chef in the 1950's).My father was a chef, and although we did not have much money, I was brought up appreciating good, fresh, healthy food as well as cookbooks -- my father had a library of cookbooks, gastronomic dictionaries, even cookbooks in French (he was trained by a french chef in the 1950's).With that being said, I am obsessed with eating, and occasionally cooking, good food.  This cookbook is the one I use over and over again.  I have cooked almost every recipe in the book, more than once, which is a true testament to a wonderful cookbook.With that being said, I am obsessed with eating, and occasionally cooking, good food.  This cookbook is the one I use over and over again.  I have cooked almost every recipe in the book, more than once, which is a true testament to a wonderful cookbook.The beauty of it is that is is simple -- most ingredients are things you would have on-hand.  Most recipes are for the novice cook, but can be challenging enough for a true obsessed gourmet.  The other aspect is that he balances flavors and spices perfectly -- nothing is too overly spiced, heavy, etc.  When I cook for guests, I use this cookbook because it is manageable but makes me look like a genius.  People always say to me, "This tastes better than restaurant food!"The beauty of it is that is is simple -- most ingredients are things you would have on-hand.  Most recipes are for the novice cook, but can be challenging enough for a true obsessed gourmet.  The other aspect is that he balances flavors and spices perfectly -- nothing is too overly spiced, heavy, etc.  When I cook for guests, I use this cookbook because it is manageable but makes me look like a genius.  People always say to me, "This tastes better than restaurant food!"Get the hardback version -- it will last longer and make you feel like a true cook (as we all can be.
 Guido von List was the leader of the Armanen-Orden, the single most important magical order of the 20th century. This book deserves to be on every thinking Germanic Heathen and Magician's bookshelf...  Many of List's ideas influenced the most important thinkers of the modern Heathen revival, including Edred Thorsson...Guido von List was the leader of the Armanen-Orden, the single most important magical order of the 20th century. This book deserves to be on every thinking Germanic Heathen and Magician's bookshelf...  Many of List's ideas influenced the most important thinkers of the modern Heathen revival, including Edred Thorsson...The Armanen-Orden still survives in Germany, and von List's Futhork is no less powerful today than it was when it was revealed to him in 1903. In English speaking lands the Knights of Runes continues his tradition.The Armanen-Orden still survives in Germany, and von List's Futhork is no less powerful today than it was when it was revealed to him in 1903. In English speaking lands the Knights of Runes continues his tradition.BUY THIS BOOK
 My husband took the book out from the library for me and after reading the first few chapters I decided that this was a book to own. As you will keep going back to re-read the roadmap to help you on your new venture(s). Very insightful for all levels not just C-Level positions
 In general the book provides some simple tips of how to help your children to learn reading by having fun and develop a taste for reading. It worked for me, and I would recommend it for parents that are eager to provide their children with a push for developing this important skill
 This is a great devotional book.  The book uses an engaging, real-life story to set the context.  I read it with my kids every night and they look forward to the little story and they take turns guessing the correct behavior.  The included bible reference provides the ultimate answer and it is a great way to introduce bible teaching to the kids
 The advice seems to be good advice to use in any relationship. You also have to know your own situation very well and know when not to use his advice.  My ex would feel crowded if I sent her a bunch of sweet cards like the book says to do and would feel like I was trying to manipulate her, therefore I took it easy on the cards.  My ex may never get back with me because we are long distance but I feel I am loving her much better than before because of this book even if she doesn't realize it.  Remember to NEVER tell your lover that you read this book, especially if he/she is nervous about being manipulated
 I'm glad I bought this book and I will continue to refer to it.  The remit of the Dummies series is to provide a guide to its subject matter without any great fuss.  The text focuses on practical techniques without unnecessary diversion into the detail of molecular biology or computer science.  In this respect it would have been a difficult book to author, readers having come from one discipline or the other.  I agree with previous reviewers that this is well worth reading before doing a bioinformatics course or degree.  Bioinformatics is a new field, and this book has delivered a useful introduction to it without recourse to expensive textbooks full of unreadable filler
 I won't spoil the ending, but some many other reviewers didn't like the twist.  However, the reader who needs to have everything wrapped up and be 100% happy should read Runaway Jury.  However, like The Firm (another great book) that ends with the characters on the run and in trouble, this book has a very realistic ending that you didn't expect.  This was my favorite Grisham book, followed by The Firm, Runaway Jury, and Pelican Brief.  I found the Broker to be too much of an Italian lesson, the Brethern simplistic, and The Street Lawyer was a giant sermon about helping homeless people - with very little story holding it together.  If you like the Firm you will like The Partner
 Here is the disclaimer:  I was already a proponent of tort reform before I read this book.  However, after reading this novel, I am a stronger proponent of it than ever.  Enter Clay Carter - unknown defender in D.C. of the poorest of the poor.  Then a nice juicy settlement falls into his lap, one he can't refuse, partly because the parent's of his long-time girlfriend are pressuring him regarding his money.Here is the disclaimer:  I was already a proponent of tort reform before I read this book.  However, after reading this novel, I am a stronger proponent of it than ever.  Enter Clay Carter - unknown defender in D.C. of the poorest of the poor.  Then a nice juicy settlement falls into his lap, one he can't refuse, partly because the parent's of his long-time girlfriend are pressuring him regarding his money.Give Carter a taste of money, then the greed sets in.  For the middle half of the book, we get to see unadulterated greed come to run his life!  Especially infuriating is how he lets that greed come before the well-being of his clients.  This is what will be his undoing.  One of his clients who was already ticked off at a settlement he made gets a terminal illness and decides to go after his lawyer.  This is the rags to riches to almost rags in the course of about eighteen months.Give Carter a taste of money, then the greed sets in.  For the middle half of the book, we get to see unadulterated greed come to run his life!  Especially infuriating is how he lets that greed come before the well-being of his clients.  This is what will be his undoing.  One of his clients who was already ticked off at a settlement he made gets a terminal illness and decides to go after his lawyer.  This is the rags to riches to almost rags in the course of about eighteen months.Grisham actually makes you feel sympathetic with the main charater (Clay Carter) through his rise, and especially his fall.  That shows to the quality of his storytelling.  In fact, while Carter is in some ways a sympathetic character, he mostly is not!  Mass torts and greed is the theme of this story.  The fact that he came back to haunt him was only justice.  Too bad such justice doesn't often happen in the real world of mass torts
 This book is rather different. Although it's about Copernicus' book "De Revolutionibus", very little astronomy is discussed. There is also very little about Copernicus himself. The main theme of the book is finding as many still-existing copies of Copernicus' book as possible, and describing each one in detail - the ultimate purpose being the publication of a so-called "census" of that ancient book, i.e., a snapshot in time that identifies and describes each individual copy and where it is located in the world. Since I know nothing about antique book collecting, I learned a lot on this field by reading this book. I was not aware of all the work and travel required in finding a given copy of a book, especially identifying the authors of any hand-written notes on its pages. I did find certain lengthy descriptions rather monotonous, but some of the author's adventures are quite intriguing, particularly where he makes use of his notes to identify possibly stolen copies that eventually surface at auctions or elsewhere. Some aspects of life and technology in the sixteenth century that are important for the theme of this book, as well as discussions of some of Copernicus' contemporaries, are touched upon. But as the author states, this book is really a memoir of his census project. I think that this book would be of most interest to those with a passion for ancient books and ancient book collecting.
 Like pretty much anything in which Neil's involved, this a fine and useful work. The reviews of Teddy Millon's Axis II taxonomic extensions are worth most of the considerable price of admission here all by themselves. But after 30 years in the field, I'll warn any newcomers that getting any too rigid with treatment plan rollouts will make you as nuts at the people you're treating. Like pretty much anything in which Neil's involved, this a fine and useful work. The reviews of Teddy Millon's Axis II taxonomic extensions are worth most of the considerable price of admission here all by themselves. But after 30 years in the field, I'll warn any newcomers that getting any too rigid with treatment plan rollouts will make you as nuts at the people you're treating. As -guidelines- with notions about starting points and signposts along the way, however, these are very useful. Neil's six-step Treatment Outline seems a bit oddly ordered, and I wasn't able to find a rationale for determining diagnosis in the final step (when you have to lay one on the client's payment guarantor at the outset). But otherwise, the six steps are another handy construction among several now available. As -guidelines- with notions about starting points and signposts along the way, however, these are very useful. Neil's six-step Treatment Outline seems a bit oddly ordered, and I wasn't able to find a rationale for determining diagnosis in the final step (when you have to lay one on the client's payment guarantor at the outset). But otherwise, the six steps are another handy construction among several now available. If you're fairly new in the field, this will be a real handy reference, but don't stake the clients' lives (or your own serenity) on this when they start to go refractive. 
          Diane Ravitch discusses the development of censorship in textbooks and on tests that has been slowly integrated into the educational system.  She speaks about the rights of the First Amendment pertaining to free speech, and provides a detailed history of how censorship has become a part of the textbooks and tests that have been developed.  The book is informative and thought- provoking.Ravitch starts by discussing the creation of bias and sensitivity boards and how they have come to dominate what can and cannot be said in certain literature for education.  She goes on to talk about certain topics and words that must not be used.  This list is ridiculous and completely irrational.  Due to left and right wing intervention, almost everything of interest has been stripped from the educational requirements.  Ravitch discusses in great detail the effort of both sides and what their motives were in demanding that certain changes be made in textbooks and tests.  She goes further to detail the goals of each side and how they were met.  She argues that such censorship keeps children from learning historically accurate facts because adults would rather paint a picture of Utopia and keep children from feeling any emotions. Ravitch presents a good, convincing argument with concrete reasoning to support her views.  To the best of my knowledge and research, she has done a great job at gathering accurate information about what has been going on in publishing companies and the struggles they have faced from bias and sensitivity reviews, feminists, minorities, and other groups.  Her reasoning is inductively strong with few logical fallacies.  Occasionally, Ravitch begs the question through circular reasoning and attacks the motives of some publishing companies.  Although she has clear concise points, Ravitch intermittently distorts the timeline within chapters, which is slightly confusing.  Her claims are logically consistent and her argument seems complete with all the relevant evidence presented.  Throughout research, Ravitch manages to also find publishing companies who have tried to change standards and incorporate more accurate facts in textbooks and what happens to these companies when they go against the bias and sensitivity rules.  The argument Ravitch presents is a historically accurate account of censorship in textbooks, fairly and effectively arguing her point. Today, more and more people are beginning to notice what is going on with censorship in textbooks and are speaking up and taking steps toward removing these censors.  Textbooks are becoming more accurate, and classic literature reintroduced to the classroom.  Ravitch calls for the dispersion of the "language police" and a return to the "freedom of speech" that everyone has the right to exercise. 
 Born to Kvetch is, at one time, informative, enlightening, synical, humorous, and irreligious.  I learned so much about the Yiddish language, Jewish mores and their beginnings, Jewish and Yiddish history and interpersonal relations.  At times I was in tears of laughter or a tear of sadness; amazed or embarrassed and often shocked by Michael Wex's irreverence.Born to Kvetch is, at one time, informative, enlightening, synical, humorous, and irreligious.  I learned so much about the Yiddish language, Jewish mores and their beginnings, Jewish and Yiddish history and interpersonal relations.  At times I was in tears of laughter or a tear of sadness; amazed or embarrassed and often shocked by Michael Wex's irreverence.Loved it all
 One of the few Roald Dahl books I read, it remains one of my favorites from childhood.  I saw the movie too, and the movie is very funny, and I felt it did the book justice.One of the few Roald Dahl books I read, it remains one of my favorites from childhood.  I saw the movie too, and the movie is very funny, and I felt it did the book justice.Matilda is about a precocious little girl named Matilda who has a crazy family (who doesn't support her at all and certainly doesn't respect her intelligence).  At a very young age, she is able to read very advanced books and she wins the admiration of her new teacher Mrs. Honey.  The only problem is her dim parents and the evil Mrs. Trunchbull who rules the school with an iron fist.  And then there's Matilda's new found super powers.Matilda is about a precocious little girl named Matilda who has a crazy family (who doesn't support her at all and certainly doesn't respect her intelligence).  At a very young age, she is able to read very advanced books and she wins the admiration of her new teacher Mrs. Honey.  The only problem is her dim parents and the evil Mrs. Trunchbull who rules the school with an iron fist.  And then there's Matilda's new found super powers.It's very funny, the predicaments Matilda gets into and the things Mrs. Trunchbull says, even if she is cruel.  It might be a little scary to very young children, but it depends on the child
 Mystery-writer biographer Cece Caruso is in the midst of book on Nancy Drew author "Carolyn Keene" (actually a pseudonym for numerous authors) when her bookstore-owner friends ask her to deliver a vintage Nancy Drew book to collector Edgar Edwards. Cece is more than happy for an excuse to meet the eccentric millionaire collector. They strike up an immediate friendship, and after showing her his collection, he shows her something really special--a nude portrait of the model who posed for the original Nancy Drew covers. Mystery-writer biographer Cece Caruso is in the midst of book on Nancy Drew author "Carolyn Keene" (actually a pseudonym for numerous authors) when her bookstore-owner friends ask her to deliver a vintage Nancy Drew book to collector Edgar Edwards. Cece is more than happy for an excuse to meet the eccentric millionaire collector. They strike up an immediate friendship, and after showing her his collection, he shows her something really special--a nude portrait of the model who posed for the original Nancy Drew covers. Cece is scheduled to give a luncheon speech at a Nancy Drew convention in nearby Palm Springs, and Edward invites her to use his vacation house there. Delighted at her good fortune, Cece packs up herself and her two friends, Lael and Bridget, a boatload of vintage clothes (which she collects, though she told Edgar she collected nothing) and head for a fun girls' weekend. Unfortunately, someone throws a kink into their plans--a big kink. A dead body. Edgar's body. Cece is scheduled to give a luncheon speech at a Nancy Drew convention in nearby Palm Springs, and Edward invites her to use his vacation house there. Delighted at her good fortune, Cece packs up herself and her two friends, Lael and Bridget, a boatload of vintage clothes (which she collects, though she told Edgar she collected nothing) and head for a fun girls' weekend. Unfortunately, someone throws a kink into their plans--a big kink. A dead body. Edgar's body. The suspects are many, including Edgar's boy-toy friend and his majordomo; a wild-eyed Nancy Drew fanatic who wouldn't have wanted that nude painting made public; her less-than-honest, performance artist daughter; Bridget's new boy-toy boyfriend; a shi-shi art dealer. And, of course, Cece herself, who could have endeared herself to the police had she not insisted on solving the mystery herself. But her curiosity about the model in the nude painting, the artist who did the painting, and anything connected to Nancy Drew gets the better of her. The suspects are many, including Edgar's boy-toy friend and his majordomo; a wild-eyed Nancy Drew fanatic who wouldn't have wanted that nude painting made public; her less-than-honest, performance artist daughter; Bridget's new boy-toy boyfriend; a shi-shi art dealer. And, of course, Cece herself, who could have endeared herself to the police had she not insisted on solving the mystery herself. But her curiosity about the model in the nude painting, the artist who did the painting, and anything connected to Nancy Drew gets the better of her. The second in the Cece Caruso series is a fun, fast-paced puzzler, and Cece and her "chums" give Nancy a run for her money. The Nancy Drew trivia is fascinating, and the many references to vintage clothing makes me want to learn more. My one beef--Cece leaves town, twice, and stays gone for hours on end without making arrangements for anyone to take care of her dog and cat. I mean, maybe she did make arrangements, but if it was mentioned, I missed it.
 I consider myself an optimist and insightful person, but somehow managed to miss many of Postrel's insights. She gives me even more hope that the future is going to be more wonderful than I previously thought. She does keep that hope in check, though, by talking about the enemies of the future- primarily protectionists and those that see free trade as a threat, instead of the blessing that it is. I consider myself an optimist and insightful person, but somehow managed to miss many of Postrel's insights. She gives me even more hope that the future is going to be more wonderful than I previously thought. She does keep that hope in check, though, by talking about the enemies of the future- primarily protectionists and those that see free trade as a threat, instead of the blessing that it is. She thoroughly destroys the notion that 'there is nothing new under that sun'. While the universe, therefore our earth, is necessarily finite, we misunderstand this finiteness because we misunderstand the different combinations things can be arranged in. For example, a deck of cards has only 52 cards, but the number of combinations you can put the cards into is 52x51x50x49x...x3x2x1, which is a number larger than the number of particles in the universe! So whenever you shuffle a deck of cards, you can rest assured, that that is probably the one and only time that arrangement of cards will ever be in existence... ever. She thoroughly destroys the notion that 'there is nothing new under that sun'. While the universe, therefore our earth, is necessarily finite, we misunderstand this finiteness because we misunderstand the different combinations things can be arranged in. For example, a deck of cards has only 52 cards, but the number of combinations you can put the cards into is 52x51x50x49x...x3x2x1, which is a number larger than the number of particles in the universe! So whenever you shuffle a deck of cards, you can rest assured, that that is probably the one and only time that arrangement of cards will ever be in existence... ever. People are so inventive and creative and always looking for new things. Obviously, there will always be new things. Every time someone declares that we are nearing the end of history, science, technology, etc. it's safe to say they have no idea what they are talking about. We need to let people be as creative and as inventive as they can. It will only make our lives better, on the whole. There will always be setbacks, but as long as people can think, we will always find a way to make out of those setbacks. People are so inventive and creative and always looking for new things. Obviously, there will always be new things. Every time someone declares that we are nearing the end of history, science, technology, etc. it's safe to say they have no idea what they are talking about. We need to let people be as creative and as inventive as they can. It will only make our lives better, on the whole. There will always be setbacks, but as long as people can think, we will always find a way to make out of those setbacks. The book is a stunning, intelligent look at modern life. I liked it so much, I bought The Substance of Style, which is, yet, another insightful look at modern life.
 After seeing the movie, I decided to pick up the book.  This book proved to be very funny, as the protagonist wrestles with issues that many, many women her age face today.  Fielding ingeniously draws readers in with very true, often serious real-life topics (being single and not liking it, infidelity, betrayal)and is yet able turn it into light, funny reading.  That takes talent, in my book.  In the wrong hands, this novel could have been a very dreary book that no one would want to read(in light of the above topics).  You cant help but root for Bridget.After seeing the movie, I decided to pick up the book.  This book proved to be very funny, as the protagonist wrestles with issues that many, many women her age face today.  Fielding ingeniously draws readers in with very true, often serious real-life topics (being single and not liking it, infidelity, betrayal)and is yet able turn it into light, funny reading.  That takes talent, in my book.  In the wrong hands, this novel could have been a very dreary book that no one would want to read(in light of the above topics).  You cant help but root for Bridget.I recommend this book and its sequel.  Most everyone will get a good laugh out of it
 Much of the book's material is not restricted to educational research. It is generally applicable to anyone who wants to perform experimental studies in the social sciences. Where you need to deal with human subjects. Granted, in the book, these subjects are often primary school kids. Much of the book's material is not restricted to educational research. It is generally applicable to anyone who wants to perform experimental studies in the social sciences. Where you need to deal with human subjects. Granted, in the book, these subjects are often primary school kids. But the guidelines given in such matters as the general steps for qualitative research, data collection and data analysis are quite general. Likewise further in the book, when it discusses quantitative research. But the guidelines given in such matters as the general steps for qualitative research, data collection and data analysis are quite general. Likewise further in the book, when it discusses quantitative research. The book's discussion of statistics is necessarily abbreviated; directed at a reader unfamiliar with chi square tests and the like. But still easily understood
 McCain et al write very well and I was impressed by his style.  The writing was not the only style with which I became familiar but the "style" of the man himself, John McCain.  This was a truthful, revealing account of a man of honor who is presently in an oft less-than-honorable profession.  We can only hope the remainder of his career echoes with laud that of his grandfather and father.  I believe this read is one to add to one's readings of autobiographies / biographies.
 This book is about yoga for the heart, which is rare in our body sculpting culture, yet paradoxically heart diseases are one of the greatest risk factors for our modern health. A simple, profound gift of yoga is the  recognition that the body is the temple for the indwelling spirit.  Realizing this simple truth profoundly affects our relationship to the  body. Through the author's lifetime committment to the teachings of yoga,  we glimpse the relevance of the yogic lifestyle. This book serves as a  guide in making healthier choices in everyday life. By walking for awhile  with Nischala, we touch a deeper realization of the unity that yoga brings.  I recommend this book to any yoga practitioner, teacher, as well as anyone  who seeks greater peace of mind and physical well-being
 This is what happens when uneducated reactionaries dictate to a concept that is beyond their comprehension.  It's just more sanke oil from the same pigs who gave us the scams of deregulation (capitalism governing itself), privatization (the giveaway of what our taxes bought to those who pay little or no tax), and globalization (repositioning the Republican Party to a time predating the Emancipation Proclamation).  Hitler and Mussolini would certainly approve
 I first saw this book reviewed in the early 1990's. It aroused a double response of curiosity and suspicion. Like many a cynic I asked myself, "Now who's this guy and what's he spinning?" Against my natural inclination to dismiss it, I ordered POG. On receiving it I began reading and found my suspicions confirmed: here was another triumphal and insensitive adherent to the doctrine of the sovereignty of God.I first saw this book reviewed in the early 1990's. It aroused a double response of curiosity and suspicion. Like many a cynic I asked myself, "Now who's this guy and what's he spinning?" Against my natural inclination to dismiss it, I ordered POG. On receiving it I began reading and found my suspicions confirmed: here was another triumphal and insensitive adherent to the doctrine of the sovereignty of God.Strangely, however, I couldn't stop reading. Despite months of scrawling angry counter-arguments in the margins of its pages I was drawn inexplicably to the sensibility of its core premise about God's delight in being God. To make this story short, I found myself, in the end, exhausted but surrendered to the portrait of God that Piper paints with the full palette of scriptural truth. And finally happy too, with the beginnings of the joy Piper wished for his sons in the Foreword.Strangely, however, I couldn't stop reading. Despite months of scrawling angry counter-arguments in the margins of its pages I was drawn inexplicably to the sensibility of its core premise about God's delight in being God. To make this story short, I found myself, in the end, exhausted but surrendered to the portrait of God that Piper paints with the full palette of scriptural truth. And finally happy too, with the beginnings of the joy Piper wished for his sons in the Foreword.Salvation history testifies to the fact that a distinguishing evidence of the truth is that it is often hated - at first. The fact that POG eventually had such an unnatural (or supernatural) effect on someone like me - initially so inclined to resist and rebuff - speaks more to the validity of this book than if I had joined immediately in the chorus of deserved admiration.Salvation history testifies to the fact that a distinguishing evidence of the truth is that it is often hated - at first. The fact that POG eventually had such an unnatural (or supernatural) effect on someone like me - initially so inclined to resist and rebuff - speaks more to the validity of this book than if I had joined immediately in the chorus of deserved admiration.This is not a critical analysis of POG; others have provided that sufficiently on this page. Instead it's a personal account of the Irresistible Grace that against all nature drew a small and scoffing soul into undeserved open spaces where God's glory was seen...and is now sung.
 For those looking to dig deeper into the nuances of the C language, this is an excellent book!  It has given me a better understanding of C that is helping me design better C code.  A must have
 After reading this book and reading the Amazon.com readers' reviews to this book, it is evident that there are "White-readers" who do not understand hooks' point and the basic notion and theory behind racism.  My suggestion is that if you are white, you should explore the topics of racism, power, and class before attempting to understand the depths of which hooks is writing
 Interesting thoughts!  It makes one think about why we do the things that we do.  I look forward to sharing some of theses ideas with my daughter when she is a little older.  I think that it is worth reading.  A new outlook on dating
 It is not often I reread a book but this was well worth it. It is the true story of a &quot;cracker&quot; who set about trying to break into computer networks and how people from system administrators to the FBI try to stop him. Written in the style of a thriller, you are swept along in amazement at the exploits of the cracker. If this doesn't alter your view of internet security nothing will. On the down side it becomes a chore trying to keep all the players straight in one's head, it is indeed a cast of many. Although somewhat geeky at times and it does help to have some background in computer networking it won't prevent you from enjoying what is surely the most bizarre story of internet hacking you will read
 As an econ student at UC Davis, I have learned to appreciate books that explain concepts concisely and in an easily understandable way.  This is one of those few.  Chapters are relatively short and are uncluttered with unnecessary examples or tangents.  Graphs are labeled with simple explanations that are useful for clarification as well as quick-reference.  I recommend this book to people who want to understand econ without trudging through the swamp of repetition, needless technicality, and headache
 I felt this book was reasonably priced and offered a wide array of helpful fundraising advice -- especially for the small to mid-sized nonprofit. It covers a lot of the basics in a writing style that is pleasant to read
 This is the sort of book I have been looking for a long time. I've read other books on the Middle East which purport to have a similar focus, but which are instead incomplete, notably "Sowing the Wind". This book, by contrast, maintains the focus rather carefully and provides a concise history of the whole region. It looks as if the book was written as a textbook for (I would presume) grad students studying the subject, but really any intelligent person can pick it up and learn a great deal.This is the sort of book I have been looking for a long time. I've read other books on the Middle East which purport to have a similar focus, but which are instead incomplete, notably "Sowing the Wind". This book, by contrast, maintains the focus rather carefully and provides a concise history of the whole region. It looks as if the book was written as a textbook for (I would presume) grad students studying the subject, but really any intelligent person can pick it up and learn a great deal.An issue with a book like this is the tone of the work, how well the author writes. Kamrava isn't the second coming of Hemingway, but he's not too bad, either. The book is divided into two portions: first, a historical section that gives you an overview of the region's history, and second a topical section that looks at various issues that impact the region currently. The first section is very readable, the second less so (who actually enjoys reading about economics?). The author, however, does a good job (for the most part) of not sounding like a university professor telling you about something, though he does occasionally use words that are obscure, especially in terms of sub-regions of the Mid East.An issue with a book like this is the tone of the work, how well the author writes. Kamrava isn't the second coming of Hemingway, but he's not too bad, either. The book is divided into two portions: first, a historical section that gives you an overview of the region's history, and second a topical section that looks at various issues that impact the region currently. The first section is very readable, the second less so (who actually enjoys reading about economics?). The author, however, does a good job (for the most part) of not sounding like a university professor telling you about something, though he does occasionally use words that are obscure, especially in terms of sub-regions of the Mid East.I still enjoyed this book, thought I got a lot out of it, and would recommend it. The author seems to be a hair more optimistic about the prospects for peace and prosperity in the region than I am, but he makes a good case for his point of view, and the result is interesting
 Whether you are new to dating, widowed or divorced and starting to date again, or in your 50th year of marriage - you will be able to gleam something from this book that will impact your life in a positive way.Whether you are new to dating, widowed or divorced and starting to date again, or in your 50th year of marriage - you will be able to gleam something from this book that will impact your life in a positive way.Ideally - you could read this book before you embark upon the "dating chapter" of your life.  But, even if you're not new to dating, this book can make an amazing and positive impact in many ways - it can increase your chances of finding the right person, reduce your chances of being hurt by or hurting someone (emotionally) during the dating process, and help you avoid scaring away someone with whom, otherwise, you could end up having a wonderful relationship.Ideally - you could read this book before you embark upon the "dating chapter" of your life.  But, even if you're not new to dating, this book can make an amazing and positive impact in many ways - it can increase your chances of finding the right person, reduce your chances of being hurt by or hurting someone (emotionally) during the dating process, and help you avoid scaring away someone with whom, otherwise, you could end up having a wonderful relationship.I especially recommend this to women who are in a relationship (or, who are thinking that they "thought they were") with a man who seems to have changed all of a sudden.  If you are questioning things like, where did he go? why didn't he call?  why does he seem so distant now?  what did I do wrong? - you are possibly at a point in the relationship where your choice of actions can make or break a relationship that might just be on the edge of going somewhere.  And, likewise, I recommend this to men who feel that they've come to a point in their relationship where they all of a sudden "aren't sure" anymore, are feeling anxious or maybe even "trapped", and at the same time there is a strong need to just get away and think and/or if the woman you are dating seems to have become more insecure, worries more, questions you more, starts pressuring you more about commitment, etc.  All of these situations, emotions, etc. are explained in this book.  You're not the only one - it's a normal part of dating - but, unfortunately, most of us won't possibly be able to understand this without someone else pointing it out to us - like Gray has done in this book.I especially recommend this to women who are in a relationship (or, who are thinking that they "thought they were") with a man who seems to have changed all of a sudden.  If you are questioning things like, where did he go? why didn't he call?  why does he seem so distant now?  what did I do wrong? - you are possibly at a point in the relationship where your choice of actions can make or break a relationship that might just be on the edge of going somewhere.  And, likewise, I recommend this to men who feel that they've come to a point in their relationship where they all of a sudden "aren't sure" anymore, are feeling anxious or maybe even "trapped", and at the same time there is a strong need to just get away and think and/or if the woman you are dating seems to have become more insecure, worries more, questions you more, starts pressuring you more about commitment, etc.  All of these situations, emotions, etc. are explained in this book.  You're not the only one - it's a normal part of dating - but, unfortunately, most of us won't possibly be able to understand this without someone else pointing it out to us - like Gray has done in this book.Even if you are married - this book opens your eyes to many things and can really improve your level of understanding with your wife/husband.Even if you are married - this book opens your eyes to many things and can really improve your level of understanding with your wife/husband.If you are the perfect mate in a perfect relationship - you may not realize some of the problems other people experience and therefore, could probably benefit from this book by being able to better identify with friends, family, children when they come to you for advice
 I came into this book expecting one thing. After the first part, Perhaps an Accident, my expectations had completely altered. As I read through the second part, Marquesa de Montemeyor, my expectations were slowly changing even more. By the beginning of the third part, Esteban, my expectations had transformed so much they were hardly recognizable. I came into this book expecting one thing. After the first part, Perhaps an Accident, my expectations had completely altered. As I read through the second part, Marquesa de Montemeyor, my expectations were slowly changing even more. By the beginning of the third part, Esteban, my expectations had transformed so much they were hardly recognizable. I came into it expecting a novel about a man of religion's struggle with faith. By the first few pages I came to realize it had much more of a non-fiction lean, at this point I was scared of being bored. As I started to read part two I began to realize it wasn't about this Brother Juniper at all but the people in the accident. Throughout parts of the first chapter I have to admit I did feel bored, but near the end it caught fire and I was wowed by the first part's finish. This reinvested my firm belief that the ending of a short story will completely redeem it, for that's what each part was: a short story telling the complete life of one of the victims in the accident of the bridge.I came into it expecting a novel about a man of religion's struggle with faith. By the first few pages I came to realize it had much more of a non-fiction lean, at this point I was scared of being bored. As I started to read part two I began to realize it wasn't about this Brother Juniper at all but the people in the accident. Throughout parts of the first chapter I have to admit I did feel bored, but near the end it caught fire and I was wowed by the first part's finish. This reinvested my firm belief that the ending of a short story will completely redeem it, for that's what each part was: a short story telling the complete life of one of the victims in the accident of the bridge.The story of Thornton Wilder's Pulitzer Prize winner is that a bridge (the finest bridge in all of Peru) snapped and five travelers fell to their death. Brother Jupiter decided to use this accident to prove that it was God's will. This man found it more difficult than he expected discovering an ambiguity in life that he had not seen. Basically the novel to me is detailing the complexity and mystery of life.The story of Thornton Wilder's Pulitzer Prize winner is that a bridge (the finest bridge in all of Peru) snapped and five travelers fell to their death. Brother Jupiter decided to use this accident to prove that it was God's will. This man found it more difficult than he expected discovering an ambiguity in life that he had not seen. Basically the novel to me is detailing the complexity and mystery of life.I would say the way The Bridge of San Luis Rey was written was, generally, not exceptionally appealing to me. It was told almost exactly like a textbook account of the events. Using this method though, there were dazzling moments when the book flowed like poetry. I would say the way The Bridge of San Luis Rey was written was, generally, not exceptionally appealing to me. It was told almost exactly like a textbook account of the events. Using this method though, there were dazzling moments when the book flowed like poetry. The book also seemed slightly tedious at times. Certain sections were difficult to get through but as I pressed on I felt a certain gratification, in knowing that I was being shown snapshots of life that were almost as real as they get. The book also seemed slightly tedious at times. Certain sections were difficult to get through but as I pressed on I felt a certain gratification, in knowing that I was being shown snapshots of life that were almost as real as they get. Despite these downfalls (which had their upshots as well), the meaning of the book made it for me. The characters were all taken on spiritual journeys and though each story ended in death, which was a death too early for all of them, there was a certain bittersweet happiness in their soulful accomplishments. Despite these downfalls (which had their upshots as well), the meaning of the book made it for me. The characters were all taken on spiritual journeys and though each story ended in death, which was a death too early for all of them, there was a certain bittersweet happiness in their soulful accomplishments. In total I would suggest the Bridge of San Luis Rey but only if you're willing to fully concentrate whenever you pick this book up. It can be a beautiful book but only if first acknowledged as a tough book
 Another great book as usual! Too bad there aren't more books like her's. Don't we all wish we lived in Mitford! Great Bible quotes, great friendships and a little love splashed in somewhere
 Antonia Fraser has written a wonderful non-fiction account of Marie Antoinette and the Court of Versailles that makes you feel you are living at the time.  A detailed yet understandable explanation of the political and royal intrigues of the time, both in France and in Europe, that lead to the Revolution
 The boom Mr. Dent speaks of HAS begun-but is starting in the population centers of the Far East and is being partially digitally controlled by companies here in America.  The boom will hit us in industries that we have competitive advantage in and will then expand into the financial sector once enough excess labor is absorbed in the competitive advantage industries that wages go up as companies compete for workers.  Since so many of our publicly-traded companies outsource and have significant overseas manufacturing operations, they are using that cost-savings in order to finance the implementation of Sarbanes-Oxley.  The net effect is that Sarbanes-Oxley is being digitally enforced throughout the global operations of U.S. publicly-traded companies.  This is part of the reason why you hear of increasing unrest in many emerging markets.  Large portions of their economies are being reshuffled in order to digitally align with our securities laws.  So the industries that will expand will primarily focus around:The boom Mr. Dent speaks of HAS begun-but is starting in the population centers of the Far East and is being partially digitally controlled by companies here in America.  The boom will hit us in industries that we have competitive advantage in and will then expand into the financial sector once enough excess labor is absorbed in the competitive advantage industries that wages go up as companies compete for workers.  Since so many of our publicly-traded companies outsource and have significant overseas manufacturing operations, they are using that cost-savings in order to finance the implementation of Sarbanes-Oxley.  The net effect is that Sarbanes-Oxley is being digitally enforced throughout the global operations of U.S. publicly-traded companies.  This is part of the reason why you hear of increasing unrest in many emerging markets.  Large portions of their economies are being reshuffled in order to digitally align with our securities laws.  So the industries that will expand will primarily focus around:1.  Baby Boomer spending2.  Competitive advantage exports 
 This book was not your usual biography, where it lulls at certain points, the entire book was an enjoyable read.  It covers his life from beginning to end and focuses on his character. 
 I found #10 at a garage sale and thought I better just start at #1. I have buzzed through to #12 and through out them all I have found myself laughing out loud.
 Fuller offers an insightful blend of battlefield detail and the broader causes and effects for each engagement presented.  He avoids one of the major shortcomings I have with a lot of other military history authors: bogging the reader down in pedantic minutiae.
 I purchased Weber's Art of the Grill at the same time as Weber's Big Book of Grilling. I feel that with this book they went for a more upscale level of grilling which is fine. I would recommend this book to anyone new to grilling or an old pro. It is well layed out and the pictures are of high quality. As in the other Weber cookbooks, the format is easy to use and well thought out. If you are looking for a more &quot;beginner&quot; Weber grilling book check out Weber's Big Book of Grilling, you can't go wrong with it. I was glad I purchased both
 You probably know Joel Siegel from his enthusiastic movie reviews on Good Morning America.  But do you know the rest of the story?  Here's a chance to find out.You probably know Joel Siegel from his enthusiastic movie reviews on Good Morning America.  But do you know the rest of the story?  Here's a chance to find out.Mr. Siegel became a father for the first time at age 54, and his son, Dylan, was born on the day Mr. Siegel finished chemotherapy for colorectal cancer.  That cancer later spread to his lungs, and two more cancer surgeries and treatments followed.  Mr. Siegel's marriage did not last, but his love for Dylan did.  Realizing that his chances of living to see Dylan grow up are limited, Mr. Siegel decided to write down all of the wonderful things he wanted to share with Dylan over the next few decades . . . but might not be able to.  The result is a touching memoir with a heart that will cause you to shed more than an occasional tear while appreciating Mr. Siegel's love for his son.Mr. Siegel became a father for the first time at age 54, and his son, Dylan, was born on the day Mr. Siegel finished chemotherapy for colorectal cancer.  That cancer later spread to his lungs, and two more cancer surgeries and treatments followed.  Mr. Siegel's marriage did not last, but his love for Dylan did.  Realizing that his chances of living to see Dylan grow up are limited, Mr. Siegel decided to write down all of the wonderful things he wanted to share with Dylan over the next few decades . . . but might not be able to.  The result is a touching memoir with a heart that will cause you to shed more than an occasional tear while appreciating Mr. Siegel's love for his son.Mr. Siegel writes well, has had many interesting experiences, and retains his sense of wonder.  He is open about many of his faults (which have led to failed marriages), but remains cautiously optimistic . . . and careful.Mr. Siegel writes well, has had many interesting experiences, and retains his sense of wonder.  He is open about many of his faults (which have led to failed marriages), but remains cautiously optimistic . . . and careful.Dedicating the material to his son makes the memoir more personal and meaningful than almost any other memoir that I have read.  Anyone with an open heart would enjoy and benefit from this book.Dedicating the material to his son makes the memoir more personal and meaningful than almost any other memoir that I have read.  Anyone with an open heart would enjoy and benefit from this book.If you are like me, you expected to mainly hear about the movies . . . and you will.  But there's much more in the book about Mr. Siegel's family, Jewish heritage (there's even a Yiddish dictionary with hilarious definitions), illnesses, past marriages, and advice for Dylan.  The show business stories are almost all ones that I had not heard before, and will reward those who are primarily looking for this feature.  Although you might think these are only about the movies, he also was a music critic and got to know the Beatles in the early days.If you are like me, you expected to mainly hear about the movies . . . and you will.  But there's much more in the book about Mr. Siegel's family, Jewish heritage (there's even a Yiddish dictionary with hilarious definitions), illnesses, past marriages, and advice for Dylan.  The show business stories are almost all ones that I had not heard before, and will reward those who are primarily looking for this feature.  Although you might think these are only about the movies, he also was a music critic and got to know the Beatles in the early days.I was particularly interested by Mr. Siegel's first-hand accounts of working for civil rights in the South, helping with Bobbie Kennedy's campaign, and how he helped his wife, Jane, with her fatal illness.  I was particularly interested by Mr. Siegel's first-hand accounts of working for civil rights in the South, helping with Bobbie Kennedy's campaign, and how he helped his wife, Jane, with her fatal illness.  One of the thoughts you will have as you read this book is how you would write a parallel one for either your children or your grandchildren to play the same role in sharing knowledge and love across the generations.  I hope you will read this book and feel inspired to either transmit your own lessons in your own way . . . or to create the book you want to share with your descendants.  One of the thoughts you will have as you read this book is how you would write a parallel one for either your children or your grandchildren to play the same role in sharing knowledge and love across the generations.  I hope you will read this book and feel inspired to either transmit your own lessons in your own way . . . or to create the book you want to share with your descendants.  In any case, keep a hanky handy!
 How does she do it? This will forever be one of my favorite books. Reading about the astoundingly crazy life Mary Karr had as a child made me wonder how her sense of humor could be so sharp and perfect and still get across the sadness and pathos without making me feel bad or hopeless. This will forever be one of my favorite books. Reading about the astoundingly crazy life Mary Karr had as a child made me wonder how her sense of humor could be so sharp and perfect and still get across the sadness and pathos without making me feel bad or hopeless. Nor did I feel that she was in a hopeless situation. It always seemed as though there were morsels of goodness somewhere to be found. A profoundly inspiring book. I only hope I can be as resourceful and resilient
 Wilson doesn't spend two paragraphs explaining how the snow clung to the trees.  He tells you about how the bombs sounded as they landed near him and how he saw his friends get cut down in the prime of life.  You get a pretty good feeling for what it must have been like to dig a foxhole and wait for the mortar fire.  It's scary the way he relates having come upon on a bunch of lost Germans who could have killed him had he paused a few seconds.  When he describes the onset of winter and his men without the proper protective gear losing digits to frostbite, you can just imagine some bureaucrat sitting by a toasty fire promising to get on that tomorrow.  It's amazing that Wilson could write such a detailed history forty years after the events occurred, but maybe even more amazing that he doesn't embellish the situations.  There is little reflection on an event because he's off describing the next firefight or lost buddy.  It's amazing that Wilson could write such a detailed history forty years after the events occurred, but maybe even more amazing that he doesn't embellish the situations.  There is little reflection on an event because he's off describing the next firefight or lost buddy.  The most frustrating parts of the book were seeing raw officers replacing fallen soldiers rather than promoting the battle proven officers in the field.  It was not only unfair, but unsafe and yet the bigwigs away from the fighting didn't know the difference.   The most frustrating parts of the book were seeing raw officers replacing fallen soldiers rather than promoting the battle proven officers in the field.  It was not only unfair, but unsafe and yet the bigwigs away from the fighting didn't know the difference.   The title refers to a commander who told Wilson before he went into battle that he'd be promoted if he survived.  The promotions were slower coming than his successes and yet the war is such a long way away from this retired insurance salesman that he doesn't seem that upset about his treatment.  It turned out to be the experience of his life. 
 My hat's off to anyone who can sum up this book in a customer review. It is beyond anything I've ever read in its portrayal of men at war as witnessed by the war correspondents who accompany them on the front lines. Unlike the embedded journalists of our own time, the writers and photographers who covered Vietnam were much closer to being free agents, restricted only by their ingenuity and fearlessness to seek out the action that would represent the essence of America's military presence in southeast Asia ("There it is . . .), while the evidence everywhere was of an irrationality raised to such a pitch that it had become something driven only bit itself.My hat's off to anyone who can sum up this book in a customer review. It is beyond anything I've ever read in its portrayal of men at war as witnessed by the war correspondents who accompany them on the front lines. Unlike the embedded journalists of our own time, the writers and photographers who covered Vietnam were much closer to being free agents, restricted only by their ingenuity and fearlessness to seek out the action that would represent the essence of America's military presence in southeast Asia ("There it is . . .), while the evidence everywhere was of an irrationality raised to such a pitch that it had become something driven only bit itself.Unable to remain objective or even conceive of objectivity, Herr and his colleagues yield to a kind of hallucinatory experience, depicting the war as a phantasmagoria, a really bad trip that also seduced them with what one of them insists is a compelling glamour. To read this book is to experience Vietnam not as a historical record or analysis, or even a personal memoir, but as a kind of hypnotic nightmare from which many, including survivors, never wake
 In 2003 I suffered my worst major depression ever. It lasted for over a year, and in the worst moments -which lasted months- my anguish was so intense that I wished I were dead. Again, the worst part was when I couldn't even get a full night's rest, and after just two or three hours of sleep would wake up at 2 or 3 a.m. full of despair, unable to even pray or meditate or get any kind of relief, and anguished at the prospect of the new day approaching... Having to get up in the morning was hell. Needless to say I couldn't work, and that increased my ill-feelings and my guilt at seeing how my wife had to shoulder the full responsibility in our family of four (we have two adolescent kids). Reading Andrew Solomon's book, which I found recommended at depression-blog at blogspot dot com was an extraordinary experience, because for the first time ever I found my own reflected on the written page by a gifted writer who has also suffered the extreme anguish and pain of major depression.In my illness, I found that psychiatrists, doctors and other therapists who haven't themselves gone through the hellish nightmare of a major depression simply cannot understand what it is like. It's just like what happens with someone who has never eaten an orange: no matter how much you you try to explain how it tastes, the other person will have no real understanding unless he/she eats one him/herself. Same with friends and well-wishers of many sorts, who will tell you things like "Cheer up!" or "Make an effort!" without realizing that that's precisely what you would most want to do -but can't. Solomon's book and the advise of Mike S. -now a friend, and the guy who created the depression-blog at blogspot dot com- have been of great value to me. And of course the courage and love of my wife, who never -even in the worst moments, when we both thought I might die at any moment- abandoned hope, sustaining me, putting up with a lot, holding me when I cried in utmost despair and wished I were dead as the only relief in the midst of what now I recall as the worst kind of torture a human being can be subjected to...And my kids, too, who at times even made me laugh with a joke or helped me get some sleep with a massage. And God, who in the midst of utter darkness and despair, was there too, and saw me through
 When considering the faith of the founders of the U.S, it is easy to rely on half-truths and assumptions.  David Holmes dispels a lot of myths in his well-researched book which uses historical documentation, personal letters, and observations of conduct in order to describe the various beliefs which the early patriots espoused.  He begins by describing the religious movements of the 18th. century which influenced our founders.  One interesting point he makes is that 9 of the original colonies had government-sponsored churches, a practice which the country quickly abandoned when the colonies united into a nation.  Although many of the people he describes, including George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, and Thomas Jefferson, were brought up in orthodox Christian churches, such as Episcopal and Congregational, they were later influenced by the Deist movement which opposed many orthodox Christian views.  He describes some interesting practices, such as the fact that George Washington would leave Anglican services before participating in communion, despite the fact that his wife Martha would stay for the sacrament.  This is only one example of an early political wife who stayed true to her orthodox upbringing despite the Deist leanings of her husband.  Holmes concludes his book with a brief description of modern-day presidents and their religious beliefs which bear much more scrutiny than the founding fathers' did.  In writing this book Holmes displays an impartiality which is fitting for an historian, and which makes it all the more believable
 This volume contains entries that deal with concepts, events, persons, and movements in u.s. history. The length of the entries is appropriate to the topic considered. In addition, the entires both inform the reader with up-to-date information and indicate how revisionist historians have resahped opionions or refocused the discipline. The entries are clearly written and eminently readable. They are persuasive in thier opionions, yet respectful of other stances. The cross references are helpful and ample. The same obtains for the bibliographies. The Oxford Companion to U.S. History far surpasses some other contemporary dictionaries in U.S. history. Its articles are treated in more depth and greater nuances. The entries in the other dictionaries are too short and far too superficial. I would highly recommend this for people involved in serious historical study and research
 ERIC CARLE'S ILLUSTRATIONS ARE BEAUTIFUL AND UNUSUAL. THE SIMPLY STATED STORY IS APPROPRIATE FOR THE VERY YOUNG TO SCHOOL-AGE CHILDREN. THE AUTHOR INCORPORATES MATH AND SCIENCE IN A BOOK YOU WILL WISH TO READ AGAIN AND AGAIN. THE STORY WAS A FAVORITE FOR THE CHILDREN, AGES TWO TO FIVE AT THE LOCAL LIBRARY'S STORY HOUR, AND IT WAS A FAVORITE OF MINE TO READ TO THEM. 
 As a "follower of Christ" (Christian) who considers himself an Evangelical Protestant, this little devotional book will hold a special place in my library and my heart.  For all Christian believers, the richness and power of Brother Lawrence's life's witness and words are a fountain of Truth, a treasure that is as elegant (spiritually) as it is simple.  For the non-believers, I am afraid that reading this booklet (a spiritual treasure in disguise) will just confirm St. Paul the Apostles's words that "the message of the cross is ... foolishness to the Gentiles" (1 Corinthians. 1:18, 23 and 2:14).As a "follower of Christ" (Christian) who considers himself an Evangelical Protestant, this little devotional book will hold a special place in my library and my heart.  For all Christian believers, the richness and power of Brother Lawrence's life's witness and words are a fountain of Truth, a treasure that is as elegant (spiritually) as it is simple.  For the non-believers, I am afraid that reading this booklet (a spiritual treasure in disguise) will just confirm St. Paul the Apostles's words that "the message of the cross is ... foolishness to the Gentiles" (1 Corinthians. 1:18, 23 and 2:14).The only way to do justice to this booklet is to quote from it and let you get a taste of it ...The only way to do justice to this booklet is to quote from it and let you get a taste of it ...This is a unique biography because it is not compiled by the Brother Lawrence of the Resurrection (birth name Nicholas Herman but known by his monastic name) but by the ones around his life in 17th century France.  Thus one learns very little about the beginnings of his life but very much about his godly lifestyle in the last 30 years of life of bliss (presence of God in his heart) and suffering (3 physical and debilitating ailments). This is a unique biography because it is not compiled by the Brother Lawrence of the Resurrection (birth name Nicholas Herman but known by his monastic name) but by the ones around his life in 17th century France.  Thus one learns very little about the beginnings of his life but very much about his godly lifestyle in the last 30 years of life of bliss (presence of God in his heart) and suffering (3 physical and debilitating ailments). We learn about this Spirit-filled vessel in God's vineyard - Brother Lawrence, by reading the Eulogy of the abbot of Lawrence's Christian community, 4 short notes of his conversations with his spiritual father - Abb? de Beaufort, 16 very short letters of spiritual advice and encouragement Brother Lawrence wrote to friends and seekers, a manuscript found at his death called "Spiritual Maxims" and a memoir of a leader in the church in France.We learn about this Spirit-filled vessel in God's vineyard - Brother Lawrence, by reading the Eulogy of the abbot of Lawrence's Christian community, 4 short notes of his conversations with his spiritual father - Abb? de Beaufort, 16 very short letters of spiritual advice and encouragement Brother Lawrence wrote to friends and seekers, a manuscript found at his death called "Spiritual Maxims" and a memoir of a leader in the church in France.The followings are a selection of the many highlights and underlined phrases and sentences from this book:The followings are a selection of the many highlights and underlined phrases and sentences from this book:"Busy yourself with keeping your mind in the presence of the Lord.""Busy yourself with keeping your mind in the presence of the Lord.""My most normal habit is to simply keep my attention on God, and to be generally and lovingly aware of Him.""My most normal habit is to simply keep my attention on God, and to be generally and lovingly aware of Him.""I occupy myself solely with keeping my attention on God and by being generally and lovingly aware of Him.""I occupy myself solely with keeping my attention on God and by being generally and lovingly aware of Him.""We have an infinitely good God who knows what we need.""We have an infinitely good God who knows what we need.""Console yourself with the One who keeps you fastened to the cross.""Console yourself with the One who keeps you fastened to the cross.""We should love our friends, but without prejudicing the love of God which must be first.""We should love our friends, but without prejudicing the love of God which must be first.""Think often about Him; worship Him without ceasing.  Life and die with Him.  This is the beautiful call in the life of a Christian.""Think often about Him; worship Him without ceasing.  Life and die with Him.  This is the beautiful call in the life of a Christian.""...we should love one another through our words of counsel and even more through our good examples.""...we should love one another through our words of counsel and even more through our good examples.""...our only business in this life is to please God. ... my little progress in the path of perfection.""...our only business in this life is to please God. ... my little progress in the path of perfection.""I applied myself to practicing the presence of God ... Doing this gave me such a high esteem for God that faith alone was capable of satisfying me.""I applied myself to practicing the presence of God ... Doing this gave me such a high esteem for God that faith alone was capable of satisfying me.""A devout woman told me that the spiritual life is a life of grace that begins with service fear, increases through the hope of eternal life, and is consumated by pure love.""A devout woman told me that the spiritual life is a life of grace that begins with service fear, increases through the hope of eternal life, and is consumated by pure love."MY PRAYER: May we all experience God's love, which truly can consume all other passions, and be filled with His grace which will empower us to truly love our neighbors (Christian and non-Christian) as ourselves.  This is my life goal 
 I love this cookbook & use it all the time!  My daughter has many allergies (tree nuts included) so we haven't been able to use all the recipes, but those that we have are wonderful!  I keep checking back, hoping to see another book by this author, but haven't found any so far.  As for the "rantings" spoken about in another review....I read the book cover to cover and didn't find anything that fits that description.  I enjoyed Ms. Meyer's stories of her children and her 'journey' and appreciate her having shared it.  Thanks
 It's pretty impressive to think that a book like "Hiroshima" was written, and appreciated, less than a year after the atomic bomb was dropped.  John Hersey took a bold step in investigating the lives and experiences of those who were on the receiving end of the birth of the Atomic Age.It's pretty impressive to think that a book like "Hiroshima" was written, and appreciated, less than a year after the atomic bomb was dropped.  John Hersey took a bold step in investigating the lives and experiences of those who were on the receiving end of the birth of the Atomic Age.Interviewing six survivors, Hersey assembled a snapshot of what it was like have an atomic bomb dropped on your city.  Pure luck and circumstances determine if you survive or not.  The color of your clothing means everything.  White clothes reflect the heat, while dark clothing absorbs it.  Even if you survive the initial blast, what you see next might make you wish you hadn't.  But human beings are stubborn creatures, and seem to keep going even in the most hellish circumstances.Interviewing six survivors, Hersey assembled a snapshot of what it was like have an atomic bomb dropped on your city.  Pure luck and circumstances determine if you survive or not.  The color of your clothing means everything.  White clothes reflect the heat, while dark clothing absorbs it.  Even if you survive the initial blast, what you see next might make you wish you hadn't.  But human beings are stubborn creatures, and seem to keep going even in the most hellish circumstances.I have been to the Hiroshima Peace Park several times, and have seen the human face of the atomic bomb up close and personal.  It is a humbling experience, and one that forever changed my opinions on war as a means of settling disputes.  Hersey's book has a similar impact, being told in such a clinical, observational writing style that you can't help but be moved by the reality of it all.I have been to the Hiroshima Peace Park several times, and have seen the human face of the atomic bomb up close and personal.  It is a humbling experience, and one that forever changed my opinions on war as a means of settling disputes.  Hersey's book has a similar impact, being told in such a clinical, observational writing style that you can't help but be moved by the reality of it all.My one criticism of "Hiroshima" is the cast of characters that Hersey chose to showcase.  For some reason, they seem to be largely Christian, including a German Jesuit priest and a Japanese Methodist minister.   With Christians being such a tiny percentage of the Japanese population, considerably less than 1%, the choice to interview Japanese Christians seems a deliberate one.  Hersey is telling the largely-Christian US readers, "See? They aren't heathen devils.  They are Christians, just like you and me.  That's who we dropped the bomb on. That's who we killed."   This puts in question the journalistic neutrality of the book, and has Hersey in the light of putting across an agenda instead of simpling reporting what was
 Working in an IT company catering to bankers I bought this book to help understand their lingo. I have to say it hasn't disappointed yet. It is also very up to date the latest IT/banking terms. If you were to read all the definitions in this book you would probably know more than you banker. A great reference. Buy it
 I disagree with the reviewer who said that this book does not offer solutions.  Again and again the author reports that people need to be heard, and need to stop repressing emotions to get well.  As a counselor working with battered women, I was amazed at the number of them who also had auto-immune disorders such as fibromyalgia.  This book is a must read
 I will probably write a few APA-format papers while getting a Master's Degree on-line and I think for my limited use, "APA the Easy Way" is the right product for me.  I agree with other reviewers that if you do a lot of writing in the APA style, you may need the complete manual.  However, I have the complete manual and since I bought "APA the Easy Way," I don't think I will ever need to use the full-size manual again.  I especially like that it gives step-by-step instructions on how to do all of the "set-ups" for MS-Word. 
 This item is a must-have for anyone who is serious about understanding the origins of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (LDS or Mormons for short).  While not an authentic artifact, it is an excellent reproduction of the original book that started one of America's most successful and controversial social-religious movements of the 19th and 20th centuries.  This item is a must-have for anyone who is serious about understanding the origins of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (LDS or Mormons for short).  While not an authentic artifact, it is an excellent reproduction of the original book that started one of America's most successful and controversial social-religious movements of the 19th and 20th centuries.  This reproduction allows the reader to read the original 19th century language style of structure and grammar as it fell from the lips of Joseph Smith (Author and Proprietor) to the pen(s) of his various scribes.  This reproduction allows the reader to read the original 19th century language style of structure and grammar as it fell from the lips of Joseph Smith (Author and Proprietor) to the pen(s) of his various scribes.  When the book is placed in it's historical context, the reader can see the doctrinal development of many of the key points of theology that are the underpinning of the current LDS Church as well as Smith's answers for many of the religious concerns of his day.  When the book is placed in it's historical context, the reader can see the doctrinal development of many of the key points of theology that are the underpinning of the current LDS Church as well as Smith's answers for many of the religious concerns of his day.  Also, interestingly, when compared to the current version of the book and the LDS Church today, the reader can see the evolution of church doctrine over time.  Also, interestingly, when compared to the current version of the book and the LDS Church today, the reader can see the evolution of church doctrine over time.  For Example:  For Example:  The development from a monotheistic doctrine of deity (see book of 1 Nephi and Mosiah - also see Lectures on Faith, also by Smith), to the current polytheistic doctrine that the church espouses (see current version of the Book of Mormon - changing of the text in 1 Nephi to correspond with current church doctrine).  The development from a monotheistic doctrine of deity (see book of 1 Nephi and Mosiah - also see Lectures on Faith, also by Smith), to the current polytheistic doctrine that the church espouses (see current version of the Book of Mormon - changing of the text in 1 Nephi to correspond with current church doctrine).  The original condemnation of polygamy (marriage to more than one wife at a time) with the exception of raising up a righteous posterity (see book of Jacob), to the open endorsement and practice of the same from the mid to late 19th century for no reason other than Smith saying that God commanded the practice, then to the abandonment of the practice in order to prevent Church property from being confiscated and to allow Utah statehood in the union.  The original condemnation of polygamy (marriage to more than one wife at a time) with the exception of raising up a righteous posterity (see book of Jacob), to the open endorsement and practice of the same from the mid to late 19th century for no reason other than Smith saying that God commanded the practice, then to the abandonment of the practice in order to prevent Church property from being confiscated and to allow Utah statehood in the union.  The condemnation of secret, oath-bound clandestine societies (see book of Helaman, 3 Nephi, Ether) to the practice of blood oaths of secrecy, loyalty and revenge (for the murder of Smith) in the Masonic-derived Nauvoo temple endowment.  The condemnation of secret, oath-bound clandestine societies (see book of Helaman, 3 Nephi, Ether) to the practice of blood oaths of secrecy, loyalty and revenge (for the murder of Smith) in the Masonic-derived Nauvoo temple endowment.  The original condemnation and futility of Baptism for children and those that die without the law (see book of Mormon - name of a section within the book), to the practice of performing all church ordinances (including baptism) vicariously for the dead (those that died without the law).  The original condemnation and futility of Baptism for children and those that die without the law (see book of Mormon - name of a section within the book), to the practice of performing all church ordinances (including baptism) vicariously for the dead (those that died without the law).  Like all religious/social/mass movements, the LDS Church will evolve and change to meet the needs of its members.  The importance of this book for any follower of the religion (or student of sociology, history, etc.) is to chart the origins of the institution and then follow it's metamorphosis over time as the institution attempts to adapt to a constantly changing and growing market.  For that reason alone the book receives 5 stars.
 If you wish to improve the Quality of your software development, this book is worth reading, studying, and questioning.  It realy does not tell you how or why to improve, but suggest processes and measures that you need to  concider if you are already commited to better software
 I am informally studying Cormac having read his last works first, namely "No Place for Old Men", preceeded by the "Trilogy" and "Blood Meridian". His precise knowledge about the area and customs of his story and the minimilist language which he develops in the later novels is interesting to watch grow
 Having read all of McCarthy's other books already, I came into this knowing what to expect as far a style and content.  And I was not disappointed.  McCarthy can better develop a character in two sentences than most authors can in two chapters.  The vivid description of the mountains, the people, and their culture puts the reader right there in the story.  These harsh, terse, and somehow always beautiful images will remain in my mind for a long, long time.      I found this story a little more abstract than most of McCarthy's other works, yet I was able to see his message in the end.  Required reading for any McCarthy fan
 I bought this book along with Saving Dinner and Saving Dinner for the Holidays last year.I bought this book along with Saving Dinner and Saving Dinner for the Holidays last year.I LOVE the concept of having the weekly menu planned out as well as the grocery list put together and ready for shopping. We went through the entire book and I have to say, it really broadened our food horizons as we had been stuck in a rut for a long time with our regular foods. Also, the books really did eliminate a lot of stress by allowing me to know in advance "What's for dinner" and be ready to prepare it.I LOVE the concept of having the weekly menu planned out as well as the grocery list put together and ready for shopping. We went through the entire book and I have to say, it really broadened our food horizons as we had been stuck in a rut for a long time with our regular foods. Also, the books really did eliminate a lot of stress by allowing me to know in advance "What's for dinner" and be ready to prepare it.The only cons I can think of would be that the food is not exactly kid friendly, and you will need to be an open minded eater. If you have a lot of people with finicky preferences in your household, this may not be the book for you. Also, our grocery bill for two went up from about $75 a week to $125 because of the veggies and meats. Good, healthy quality food ingredients, but unfortunately, painful to the wallet.The only cons I can think of would be that the food is not exactly kid friendly, and you will need to be an open minded eater. If you have a lot of people with finicky preferences in your household, this may not be the book for you. Also, our grocery bill for two went up from about $75 a week to $125 because of the veggies and meats. Good, healthy quality food ingredients, but unfortunately, painful to the wallet.That said, I have NEVER seen a low carb book out there that compares to this one, the food is good, the variety is there, and it takes the low carb lifestyle above and beyond "bunless burgers" and eggs and bacon.That said, I have NEVER seen a low carb book out there that compares to this one, the food is good, the variety is there, and it takes the low carb lifestyle above and beyond "bunless burgers" and eggs and bacon.Overall, I would recommend Leanne's Saving Dinner books. For the open minded foodie. Or for those weeks that you just want to not worry about dinner and the grocery list. These books are great to have and do offer a good variety of recipes to broaden horizons while removing some stress
 So here is a collection of essays by Jonathan Franzen, the wizard who brought us the highly intelligent and acutely mesmerizing novel of 2001, The Corrections. Many of these essays originally appeared in literati mags such as Harper's and The New Yorker--so, readers should know what they're getting into. I read this book mainly as an attempt to try to get a sense of Franzen as a corporeal human being, and not just some exalted author of an award-winning novel. Overall, I liked most of the essays appearing in this collection. From the promising opener, in which Franzen poignantly recounts his father's slow descension into quietus from Alzheimer's, we progress to a quasi-portentous pronouncement of the dangerous state of privacy in America, before Ashcroft and the Patriot Act invaded the American lexicon. Why Bother (which was previously referred to as The Harper's Essay) is an interesting rumination on the inevitable failure of the novel in the 21st Century as a tool of social reform; the novel should not be used as a way to engender social reform, but, should rather be written--ultimately-- for plain old entertainment value, Franzen seems to argue.  Some of these essays seem to be a little discursive; Franzen evidentally has a lot to say, and seems to forget what the initial point of his arguments are, going off on long tangents; such as in Mr. Difficult, where as some other reviewer stated, he begins with an interesting exploration of his artistic need to be "pretentious," but then slowly veers off into a history and ode to author William Gaddis.  Franzen once again proves to be a smart and sophisticated reader and writer, and this book perfectly showcases his aptitude for social commentary, without pontificating or being too offensively forward. People may consider Franzen an "elitist," but I consider him to posses a well-read, inquisitive mind; there are far too few Jonathan Franzens around these days
 I would first like to start by saying that The Picture of Dorian Gray is, by far, one on my favorite novels. And were I not slightly dissapointed with this particular edition of the novel I would have given it 5 stars, without a doubt.It is a fabulous story, I would recommend it to anyone.[As a small sidenote -- I would simply like to say that Wilde's particular style of writing is one which I do, in general, find rather enjoyable.]I have heard some people say that they found this book diffucult to muddle through. I was not one of these people.Also, The other stories in this book are not bad at all. I enjoyed The Happy Prince quite thoroughly. - *note this particular "fairy tale" was very reminiscent of Hans Christian Anderson's writings.THE FLAW(S)! I blame the editor for this one -- this book, as far as I have been able to find, does not include the alternate(slightly more drawn-out) ending to this novel. I was, needless to say, a little upset by this missing detail. (If I have merely overlooked this extended ending, by all means let me know)ANOTHER SMALL FLAW -If you have not read the book DO NOT, i repeat DO NOT, begin by reading the AUTHORS NOTE. Although the authors note was very insightful and generally enjoyable to read - it easily gives away more than half the plot. The authors note is a spoiler -- BEWARE.Overall , still a great novel. Not so happy with the editor
 I used this book for an introductory lesson on descriptive cataloguing in library, archival and information science. It worked very well for giving an overview of the problems in just this interdisciplinary approach. A lot of examples are given and explained in an understandable way. There are some reduncancies but this helps for the understanding
 Ironically, socialist, anti-American, iconoclastic Professor Taylor, could be, at least in this work, the inspiration for the great David Irving's more pathbreaking work on an unneccesary and destructive war.  It is demonstrated that Adolph Hitler, the popular Nationalist German leader, was no more responsible, and in many ways less so, than the so-called Allies, who foolishly guaranteed Poland, only to give her over to jewish Bolshevism at Yalta.  By refusing to grant Germany's rightful place as a continental power, Britain and France lost millions of lives, their world empires, and their economic prominence.  The sole beneficiaries of this needless conflict were the Soviets and their Western fellow travellers.  And upon the final dissolution of the evil empire, courtesy of one Dutch Reagan, we have a European continent completely dominated by...Germany
 In a sea of books from self-proclaimed "career counselors," Mr. Corcodilos has no-nonsense advice from a true insider.  Instead of the usual yada-yada, Corcodilos explains how a candidate can stand out in a sea of prospective employees clambering in a recruiting system designed to produce the status quo.In a sea of books from self-proclaimed "career counselors," Mr. Corcodilos has no-nonsense advice from a true insider.  Instead of the usual yada-yada, Corcodilos explains how a candidate can stand out in a sea of prospective employees clambering in a recruiting system designed to produce the status quo.One hears a lot of complaints from hiring managers that effective, qualified employees are in short supply.  However, Corcodilos lays bare the true cause of this corporate angst:  The present recruiting system is broken.One hears a lot of complaints from hiring managers that effective, qualified employees are in short supply.  However, Corcodilos lays bare the true cause of this corporate angst:  The present recruiting system is broken.Ask the headhunter is worthwhile reading for both the candidate and the hiring manager; two agents who are in desperate need to meet
 I LOVED this story it was enriched with so many lessons, emotions, and detail that you felt like you were right there with Lous and Oz.  I would recommend this story to any one!!
 I really enjoyed this book.  It took me a while to read it, about 2 months, because it's definitely not fast paced.  I was glad I had seen the movie first because it made the whole thing easier to understand.I really enjoyed this book.  It took me a while to read it, about 2 months, because it's definitely not fast paced.  I was glad I had seen the movie first because it made the whole thing easier to understand.Mr. Darcy is "pride" and Elizabeth Bennett is "prejudice".  These two are made for each other, unbeknown to themselves.  This is essentially the story of how they fall in love, with lots of twists and turns.Mr. Darcy is "pride" and Elizabeth Bennett is "prejudice".  These two are made for each other, unbeknown to themselves.  This is essentially the story of how they fall in love, with lots of twists and turns.I really like Mr. Darcy.  He is the perfect gentleman.  He is readily willing to admit his own faults, when they are brought to his knowledge.  He also doesn't retaliate when rejected by Elizabeth and accused of things he didn't do or that are misunderstood.I really like Mr. Darcy.  He is the perfect gentleman.  He is readily willing to admit his own faults, when they are brought to his knowledge.  He also doesn't retaliate when rejected by Elizabeth and accused of things he didn't do or that are misunderstood.Elizabeth is also wonderful.  She is doubtful about people and quite cynical.  I really like that about her.  It makes for some great banter between Darcy and herself.Elizabeth is also wonderful.  She is doubtful about people and quite cynical.  I really like that about her.  It makes for some great banter between Darcy and herself.My favorite part of the book is when Elizabeth see Darcy at Pemberly.  This is where I think she begins to fall in love with him.  Pemberly is where he is at home- where is is truly himself.  I would probably be charmed by him too!My favorite part of the book is when Elizabeth see Darcy at Pemberly.  This is where I think she begins to fall in love with him.  Pemberly is where he is at home- where is is truly himself.  I would probably be charmed by him too!This book took a little commitment to get through, but once I got into it, I couldn't wait to see what happened next, even though I already knew the story.  I recommend it to anyone who enjoys Regency England
 I liked TRACK OF THE CAT, but I didn't love it. The idea that the lion is wrongly accused was one I found appealing, but the plot was, at times, predictable. The setting was well-drawn, but most of the characters were pretty one-dimensional. The clincher, though, is that I'm not sure yet just how captivating Anna Pigeon is as a main character. I believe that this is her first story, so I don't want to make a snap judgement, but Anna is nowhere near as quirkily entertaining as a Sherlock Holmes or Miss Marple. That would be expecting a lot, I know, but frankly she isn't even as engaging as, say, Gideon Oliver or Sharon McCone or Brother Cadfael, and she lacks the depth and power of a Harry Bosch.I liked TRACK OF THE CAT, but I didn't love it. The idea that the lion is wrongly accused was one I found appealing, but the plot was, at times, predictable. The setting was well-drawn, but most of the characters were pretty one-dimensional. The clincher, though, is that I'm not sure yet just how captivating Anna Pigeon is as a main character. I believe that this is her first story, so I don't want to make a snap judgement, but Anna is nowhere near as quirkily entertaining as a Sherlock Holmes or Miss Marple. That would be expecting a lot, I know, but frankly she isn't even as engaging as, say, Gideon Oliver or Sharon McCone or Brother Cadfael, and she lacks the depth and power of a Harry Bosch.As I said, the jury is still out for me here. I liked TRACK OF THE CAT, but I wasn't wild about it. It's a solid first try, and I'll certainly read another Anna Pigeon or two before deciding whether or not to go for the whole series. I expect most readers will find this opening mystery enjoyable. I recommend it, but my recommendation is a mild one
 Exposure to Harv Eker's Millionaire Mind Intensive set me on a path of working towards financial freedom over two years ago.  I also attended the Guerilla Business School, a $2500 intensive.Exposure to Harv Eker's Millionaire Mind Intensive set me on a path of working towards financial freedom over two years ago.  I also attended the Guerilla Business School, a $2500 intensive.  What is important to realize is that actually being in a room in the workshops and doing it several days in a row will actually (as it did with me) shift your perspective, if you are at all open to having it shifted.    What is important to realize is that actually being in a room in the workshops and doing it several days in a row will actually (as it did with me) shift your perspective, if you are at all open to having it shifted.    Getting into a better mindset with regards to prosperity is fundamentally an issue of breaking down old programs and replacing them with new ones.  Getting into a better mindset with regards to prosperity is fundamentally an issue of breaking down old programs and replacing them with new ones.  This book may help you, but the seminar will help you more.  This book may help you, but the seminar will help you more.  The Millionaire Mind intensive taught me things and set in motion a change in perpective for me.   I am now financially free and well on my way to be wealthy as an internet marketer promoting a website called ZeroDollarMarketer dot com.    The Millionaire Mind intensive taught me things and set in motion a change in perpective for me.   I am now financially free and well on my way to be wealthy as an internet marketer promoting a website called ZeroDollarMarketer dot com.    Being rich is a matter of perspective.  True wealth is measured for me by the health of my body and mind, my relationships, and lastly my pocketbook.  But its sure good to have plenty left over at the end of the month.  Being rich is a matter of perspective.  True wealth is measured for me by the health of my body and mind, my relationships, and lastly my pocketbook.  But its sure good to have plenty left over at the end of the month.  A journey worth pursuing
 This is one of my favorite books of all time, and during my 40 years of life I've read a lot of them.  This is one of my favorite books of all time, and during my 40 years of life I've read a lot of them.  First off: the style is simple and direct - no big words and no long sentences. But this is by no means to imply that it is unsophisticated. As the product of a 19-20 year old mind, it impresses. It reads very much like a modern novel. This is the kind of novel you wish you could have written yourself - at any age, let alone 19 or 20. As such, it is remarkable.First off: the style is simple and direct - no big words and no long sentences. But this is by no means to imply that it is unsophisticated. As the product of a 19-20 year old mind, it impresses. It reads very much like a modern novel. This is the kind of novel you wish you could have written yourself - at any age, let alone 19 or 20. As such, it is remarkable.Secondly: the subject matter is disturbing yet something that must be taught. Educated people should know how easy it is to become a hypocrite when how one behaves is determined solely by how he believes the public will react. Matthew Lewis was not concerned about this. This is what makes him such a great writer. Too many contemporary authors are more motivated to write what they believe the public will like than what is in their hearts. Lewis' book created a sensation when it was published. He probably realized that he was writing a controversial book, but he believed strongly that what he had to say was the truth and that it should be said. After all, he was writing during the French Revolution, while the Reign of Terror was raging in Paris. People were just beginning to become disillusioned with Reason (because of what they felt it had led to in France), but had yet to become infatuated with sentimentality and passion (as they would during the Romantic era). As such, then, it was a time of transition. Lewis must have been aware of the danger (as he saw it) of people turning back (as they had during the Middle Ages) to Religion for answers in a time of such upheaval. He obviously felt that more Religion was not the answer, that too much Religion can pervert the mind just as too much Reason can. This is why his work is still relevant today. The battle over what role Religion is to play in society still rages today.Secondly: the subject matter is disturbing yet something that must be taught. Educated people should know how easy it is to become a hypocrite when how one behaves is determined solely by how he believes the public will react. Matthew Lewis was not concerned about this. This is what makes him such a great writer. Too many contemporary authors are more motivated to write what they believe the public will like than what is in their hearts. Lewis' book created a sensation when it was published. He probably realized that he was writing a controversial book, but he believed strongly that what he had to say was the truth and that it should be said. After all, he was writing during the French Revolution, while the Reign of Terror was raging in Paris. People were just beginning to become disillusioned with Reason (because of what they felt it had led to in France), but had yet to become infatuated with sentimentality and passion (as they would during the Romantic era). As such, then, it was a time of transition. Lewis must have been aware of the danger (as he saw it) of people turning back (as they had during the Middle Ages) to Religion for answers in a time of such upheaval. He obviously felt that more Religion was not the answer, that too much Religion can pervert the mind just as too much Reason can. This is why his work is still relevant today. The battle over what role Religion is to play in society still rages today.These are only a few thoughts I hope will be helpful to those who might consider reading this book. On the surface, the book is a delightful romp into a fantasy realm. Underneath, though, there is a deeper current which reflects the broader course of history and still resonates today
 As one reads Peter Pan, one doesn't have to do much thinking to figure out why its story has achieved such worldwide acclaim.  I had ridiculously high expectations of Mr. Barrie's imagination before purchasing this title, and he has fulfilled them completely.As one reads Peter Pan, one doesn't have to do much thinking to figure out why its story has achieved such worldwide acclaim.  I had ridiculously high expectations of Mr. Barrie's imagination before purchasing this title, and he has fulfilled them completely.Many parts of the story are nothing but nonsense, which I enjoy above all else.  Mr. Darling, the head of the Darling family, commands his children to take their medicine after he hides the medicine he's supposed to take.  He brags about how noble he is for drinking a medicine that tastes so much worse that theirs.  Unfortunately for him, during his bragging his medicine is found, and the whole family agrees to take their respective medicines on the count of three.  Sure enough, when three is reached, everyone except Mr. Darling takes their medicine, and Mr. Darling once again tries to hide his.Many parts of the story are nothing but nonsense, which I enjoy above all else.  Mr. Darling, the head of the Darling family, commands his children to take their medicine after he hides the medicine he's supposed to take.  He brags about how noble he is for drinking a medicine that tastes so much worse that theirs.  Unfortunately for him, during his bragging his medicine is found, and the whole family agrees to take their respective medicines on the count of three.  Sure enough, when three is reached, everyone except Mr. Darling takes their medicine, and Mr. Darling once again tries to hide his.This kind of scenario is what I'd call Mark Twain nonsense.  You can imagine it being true, even though it's quite high up on the ridiculous scale.  Then there's what I would classify as over-the-top nonsense - AKA bull - which there is plenty of in Barrie's original story of Peter Pan.  Going back to Mr. Darling, if we take a look at how he's doing near the end of the book, we find him going to and from work in a dog kennel.  Ah, yes...grown men in pet taxis.  What could be more fun than the "he-didn't-even-try-to-make-this-belivable" silliness of such a scene?  To be honest, I don't know if I'd even read books if they all left out fun stuff like this.This kind of scenario is what I'd call Mark Twain nonsense.  You can imagine it being true, even though it's quite high up on the ridiculous scale.  Then there's what I would classify as over-the-top nonsense - AKA bull - which there is plenty of in Barrie's original story of Peter Pan.  Going back to Mr. Darling, if we take a look at how he's doing near the end of the book, we find him going to and from work in a dog kennel.  Ah, yes...grown men in pet taxis.  What could be more fun than the "he-didn't-even-try-to-make-this-belivable" silliness of such a scene?  To be honest, I don't know if I'd even read books if they all left out fun stuff like this.Other silly parts of the book involve Wendy growing up a day quicker than most girls; the narrator claiming he hates Mrs. Darling only to call her his favorite character a few sentences later; the lost boys asking Wendy to change the characters her story just two sentences into it; the narrator using the phrase "woke into life" because Peter likes the word "woke" more than "wakened;" and my favorite, Captain Hook using a stale cake as a missle and then falling over it in the dark.Other silly parts of the book involve Wendy growing up a day quicker than most girls; the narrator claiming he hates Mrs. Darling only to call her his favorite character a few sentences later; the lost boys asking Wendy to change the characters her story just two sentences into it; the narrator using the phrase "woke into life" because Peter likes the word "woke" more than "wakened;" and my favorite, Captain Hook using a stale cake as a missle and then falling over it in the dark.I believe the novel version of Peter Pan was written after the author had already established Peter Pan as a successful play.  That may explain a lot about the colorful narration, which takes many, many literary liberties.  We see everything from blatant narrator interference with the characters in the story to the shameless attempt at informing the audience that the narrator only chooses to make the events in the story happen a certain way so certain characters in the book won't be disappointed.  Perhaps without these wacky (and maybe even insane) traits in the narration, there'd be no reason to read the book, since it would be no different from the play.  After reading the Peter Pan novel though, I'd have to say it almost seems criminal to watch an adaptation of Peter Pan without any wacky narration.I believe the novel version of Peter Pan was written after the author had already established Peter Pan as a successful play.  That may explain a lot about the colorful narration, which takes many, many literary liberties.  We see everything from blatant narrator interference with the characters in the story to the shameless attempt at informing the audience that the narrator only chooses to make the events in the story happen a certain way so certain characters in the book won't be disappointed.  Perhaps without these wacky (and maybe even insane) traits in the narration, there'd be no reason to read the book, since it would be no different from the play.  After reading the Peter Pan novel though, I'd have to say it almost seems criminal to watch an adaptation of Peter Pan without any wacky narration.Contrary to most adaptations of Peter Pan, the individual lost boys (of where there are six I believe) are actually more developed as characters than John or Michael Darling.  Heck, at the end of the book they actually end up moving out of the Neverland to live with the Darlings and grow up to busy themselves in interesting professions.Contrary to most adaptations of Peter Pan, the individual lost boys (of where there are six I believe) are actually more developed as characters than John or Michael Darling.  Heck, at the end of the book they actually end up moving out of the Neverland to live with the Darlings and grow up to busy themselves in interesting professions.I may not like the actual land of Neverland as much as I like the land of Oz, but Barrie's narration is unbeatable in my opinion.  He could probably make a Jeopardy contestant's Friday night schedule sound exciting.I may not like the actual land of Neverland as much as I like the land of Oz, but Barrie's narration is unbeatable in my opinion.  He could probably make a Jeopardy contestant's Friday night schedule sound exciting.I believe Barrie has written another Peter Pan book as well, a prequel of sorts entitled "Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens."  It should be interesting, particuarly if it addresses what is contained in the dark dreams that haunt Peter throughout this book.  Freud would have a field day with such dreams and the whole mother issue.I believe Barrie has written another Peter Pan book as well, a prequel of sorts entitled "Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens."  It should be interesting, particuarly if it addresses what is contained in the dark dreams that haunt Peter throughout this book.  Freud would have a field day with such dreams and the whole mother issue.The only thing I expected to see in this book that I didn't see was "happy thoughts."  That must have been a creation of Disney
 I am nearly finished with this book - I haven't been this mesmerized by a book in forever! I would certainly recommend it
 Having patronized Boulevard all but twice, I still feel the need to write a review.  You have to understand that those of us "Back East" think that California food is understated and so easy.   Now not being a huge chef myself, but cooking a bit and doing some experimentation and emulation of real chef's recipes (my fave restaurants being of course, Boulevard, and back east, 2941, Le Tire Bouchon, Maestro, Citronelle DC, Galileo, Inn at Little Washington, etc.).  I have no clue where I'd get some of the ingredients in this cookbook, other than maybe the San Francisco Ferry building's fabulous farmer's market (another real SF treat!).  But to be real, we have to sometimes improvise on ingredients.  Do what you can with what you have locally and you might be surprised.  Now I was spoiled with a fabulous waiter at Boulevard who asked the chef to let me know what was in one of the recipes and I have her handwriting -- just ingredients, no measurements.  And yes, I've been able to improvise, and her very treasured scribe is in my own personal collection of "recipes."   But nothing is better than going to the restaurant.   Cookbooks are fab and fun, but getting the realy cooked food directly from the professionals (herselves) are even more exciting.  Buy this book even just for the photographs, as I've never been in a more well-decorated and well-thought-out restaurant.  If only I didn't live on the East Coast!
 Having patronized Boulevard all but twice, I still feel the need to write a review.  You have to understand that those of us "Back East" think that California food is understated and so easy.   Now not being a huge chef myself, but cooking a bit and doing some experimentation and emulation of real chef's recipes (my fave restaurants being of course, Boulevard, and back east, 2941, Le Tire Bouchon, Maestro, Citronelle DC, Galileo, Inn at Little Washington, etc.).  I have no clue where I'd get some of the ingredients in this cookbook, other than maybe the San Francisco Ferry building's fabulous farmer's market (another real SF treat!).  But to be real, we have to sometimes improvise on ingredients.  Do what you can with what you have locally and you might be surprised.  Now I was spoiled with a fabulous waiter at Boulevard who asked the chef to let me know what was in one of the recipes and I have her handwriting -- just ingredients, no measurements.  And yes, I've been able to improvise, and her very treasured scribe is in my own personal collection of "recipes."   But nothing is better than going to the restaurant.   Cookbooks are fab and fun, but getting the realy cooked food directly from the professionals (herselves) are even more exciting.  Buy this book even just for the photographs, as I've never been in a more well-decorated and well-thought-out restaurant.  If only I didn't live on the East Coast!Businesses cannot exist without the IT and vice-versa. They are interdependent. IT systems automate the business processes and run 24 by 7. Therefore we cannot really view those who work at the "Business" level as above us.  So, I disagree with the author on this point. However, he does sort of make a U turn later on in the book.Businesses cannot exist without the IT and vice-versa. They are interdependent. IT systems automate the business processes and run 24 by 7. Therefore we cannot really view those who work at the "Business" level as above us.  So, I disagree with the author on this point. However, he does sort of make a U turn later on in the book.This book will make you think. For instance: What is the supply demand for programmers in a particular Business domain? This would be a good question to research so that we can plan our career.This book will make you think. For instance: What is the supply demand for programmers in a particular Business domain? This would be a good question to research so that we can plan our career.He talks about how to survive layoffs by being knowledgeable in different areas. Not everyone wants to stay in one organization for a long time. Another thing is that it is almost impractical to learn everything in a particular technology (say, Java technology). Developers will have different intentions, for example they might have a backup plan in case of IT downturn, either by having a cash cushion or generating cash flow through software products.He talks about how to survive layoffs by being knowledgeable in different areas. Not everyone wants to stay in one organization for a long time. Another thing is that it is almost impractical to learn everything in a particular technology (say, Java technology). Developers will have different intentions, for example they might have a backup plan in case of IT downturn, either by having a cash cushion or generating cash flow through software products.I agree about following your passion. It enables us to transcend limitations. It inspires us and makes us reach a level of performance that amazes us. This explains the previous paragraph (which sounds like excuses).I agree about following your passion. It enables us to transcend limitations. It inspires us and makes us reach a level of performance that amazes us. This explains the previous paragraph (which sounds like excuses).Another principle that he explains - "Be the Worst" is very real. Two projects, one early in my career where I had the opportunity to work with a strong and talented team of developers and project manager. Recently when I found working for people who were not anywhere near my capabilities, they did affect my performance.Another principle that he explains - "Be the Worst" is very real. Two projects, one early in my career where I had the opportunity to work with a strong and talented team of developers and project manager. Recently when I found working for people who were not anywhere near my capabilities, they did affect my performance.This book helps to see and expect what the work environment could possibly bring us and what we can do to proactively handle these situations.This book helps to see and expect what the work environment could possibly bring us and what we can do to proactively handle these situations.Maintenance is seen as a menial work and recruiters downplay any experience on it. Oh, this is a developer job...  Chad advises you to learn to love maintenance. Maintenance is seen as a menial work and recruiters downplay any experience on it. Oh, this is a developer job...  Chad advises you to learn to love maintenance. He recommends having a mentor and I am glad I read his book. I know mentors can also come in the form of a book!!! You can have more than one mentor.He recommends having a mentor and I am glad I read his book. I know mentors can also come in the form of a book!!! You can have more than one mentor.I love the Eight-Hour Burn concept. This explains why I get very depressed and productivity drops during the last few weeks of the project. Now I know how to make the work stay in the office. No more nagging problems following me home!I love the Eight-Hour Burn concept. This explains why I get very depressed and productivity drops during the last few weeks of the project. Now I know how to make the work stay in the office. No more nagging problems following me home!The concept of "Presence" is very realistic. I learned this by making mistakes in the workplace and the cost was high. I wish I had read this book early in my career. Lot of things that he explains has already happened to me in my career. Still I was able to learn how to handle those situations successfully next time around.The concept of "Presence" is very realistic. I learned this by making mistakes in the workplace and the cost was high. I wish I had read this book early in my career. Lot of things that he explains has already happened to me in my career. Still I was able to learn how to handle those situations successfully next time around.Reading open source code really helps to solve recurring problems quickly. I have experienced this in my job. The cover of this book really needs to be improved. The content of the book is much better than the quality of cover image
 Don't get me wrong, this was an enjoyable read.  Since retiring Matthew Hope I guess EM had an urge to return to SW Florida with this tale.  Funny adult repartee and a good &quot;mystery&quot; but only age 9-12 reading level according to the Amazon rating??  These latest books from McBain are all very similar and are being churned out at almost a TV-episode rate, but how about trying to stretch a bit
 I have spent a lot of time and money researching into Mormon history. The big problem is that, as Henry Ford once said "History is bunk". With Joseph Smith and the history of the Mormon church, there are hundreds of accounts that argue that he was an inspired prophet and just as many, an ingenious charlatan. There are even accounts that avoid making a judgement either way and leave it up to the reader to decide. Hence, using history as a basis for discovering the truth about the history of Joseph Smith can be a very frustrating (and sometimes expensive) exercise. The Church itself avoids encouraging the study of historical events to gain testimony, but instead promotes the individual member to gain a spiritual testimony. It is easy to see from my statement above, why.I have spent a lot of time and money researching into Mormon history. The big problem is that, as Henry Ford once said "History is bunk". With Joseph Smith and the history of the Mormon church, there are hundreds of accounts that argue that he was an inspired prophet and just as many, an ingenious charlatan. There are even accounts that avoid making a judgement either way and leave it up to the reader to decide. Hence, using history as a basis for discovering the truth about the history of Joseph Smith can be a very frustrating (and sometimes expensive) exercise. The Church itself avoids encouraging the study of historical events to gain testimony, but instead promotes the individual member to gain a spiritual testimony. It is easy to see from my statement above, why.This book takes a completely different approach in investigating the truthfulness of what Joseph Smith produced. Forget about what might have happened in the early 1800's and instead, focus on the actual record contained in the Book of Mormon itself. Let current day investigation be the basis for the search of truth instead of historical personal accounts. This removes any bias of the source material and hence allows for an objective study.This book takes a completely different approach in investigating the truthfulness of what Joseph Smith produced. Forget about what might have happened in the early 1800's and instead, focus on the actual record contained in the Book of Mormon itself. Let current day investigation be the basis for the search of truth instead of historical personal accounts. This removes any bias of the source material and hence allows for an objective study.Thomas Stuart Ferguson starts out as the Book of Mormon's most enthusiastic proponent. He sacrifices a large portion of his life both petitioning the First Presidency for financial support, and performing extensive archaeological expeditions to find evidence of the civilisations documented in the Book of Mormon (BofM). While he expects an abundance of material to be discovered, he finds none. Nothing. No evidence of the language or writings contained within the BofM, the animals and crops mentioned, artefacts, city names, weapons, metals, glass etc. Nothing for the period documented within the BofM (2500 BC - 400 AD). There are few discoveries outside this timeline, but none within. All he wanted (and expected) to find were actual artefacts or at least murals/pictorials showing the above documented items. Thomas Stuart Ferguson starts out as the Book of Mormon's most enthusiastic proponent. He sacrifices a large portion of his life both petitioning the First Presidency for financial support, and performing extensive archaeological expeditions to find evidence of the civilisations documented in the Book of Mormon (BofM). While he expects an abundance of material to be discovered, he finds none. Nothing. No evidence of the language or writings contained within the BofM, the animals and crops mentioned, artefacts, city names, weapons, metals, glass etc. Nothing for the period documented within the BofM (2500 BC - 400 AD). There are few discoveries outside this timeline, but none within. All he wanted (and expected) to find were actual artefacts or at least murals/pictorials showing the above documented items. The turning point came when fragments of the Joseph Smith papyri were rediscovered in the late 1960's and found to contain nothing in common with The Book of Abraham. This is a completely separate quest in itself (see "By His Own Hand Upon Papyrus").The turning point came when fragments of the Joseph Smith papyri were rediscovered in the late 1960's and found to contain nothing in common with The Book of Abraham. This is a completely separate quest in itself (see "By His Own Hand Upon Papyrus").While Ferguson may have lost his faith, he never left the LDS church and continued to attend and support it - he even sent a son on a mission. He believed the Mormon church was "the best fraternity on earth". In public, he was a "normal" member, in private circles he believed Joseph Smith was a fraud and as a result, spent the remainder of his life researching why.While Ferguson may have lost his faith, he never left the LDS church and continued to attend and support it - he even sent a son on a mission. He believed the Mormon church was "the best fraternity on earth". In public, he was a "normal" member, in private circles he believed Joseph Smith was a fraud and as a result, spent the remainder of his life researching why.This book is both a document detailing Ferguson's quest for the truth, and his way of dealing with it from the result.
 I call this one "Frank Peretti Lite."  It was very entertaining but not a deep as his previous books.  Instead of focusing on sin and spiritual warfare, this one had a creationist angle.  I really enjoyed it, just not the same as his other books.  Also, you have to remember that this is fiction.  Of course the scenario is highly unlikely if not impossible.  But the central point about mutations comes through.  Great summer read
 I haven't had a chance to read the book in its entirity, but have enjoyed what I have read.
 This book was originally conceived of and designed in the manner of an illuminated manuscript.  The images are combined with the text to convey meaning.  In the paperback most of the images are gone and the ones remaining are converted to black and white and shoved into the middle of the book where they lose their context
    One reviewer of this book said he's sick of investing tomes, they offer no practical benefit except to enrich the authors, who usually run money management firms for which the books are meant to recruit clients.    One reviewer of this book said he's sick of investing tomes, they offer no practical benefit except to enrich the authors, who usually run money management firms for which the books are meant to recruit clients.    And of course those firms charge hefty fees, even if their timing is slightly off (say, a few years or so).   And of course those firms charge hefty fees, even if their timing is slightly off (say, a few years or so).   Another reviewer loved the book because he realizes he is going to have to work harder to invest successfully over coming years. If only he had read the book in 1999.   Another reviewer loved the book because he realizes he is going to have to work harder to invest successfully over coming years. If only he had read the book in 1999.   What is not fully understood by many investors is that the money game is run by Wall Streeters with whom you cannot compete and beat over time. Some of the smartest people in the world work on the Street and they are not sharing what they know with anybody. But they want you in the game. They need you. They take care of their biggest clients (and I mean really big) and every client who is not big is late to the table and last to leave, usually at a loss. Because smaller clients start buying what the big players are just starting to sell. Which is why the big holders sell in dribs and drabs over time. Every winning trade requires a losing trade. Too bad, past results are no etc. etc.   What is not fully understood by many investors is that the money game is run by Wall Streeters with whom you cannot compete and beat over time. Some of the smartest people in the world work on the Street and they are not sharing what they know with anybody. But they want you in the game. They need you. They take care of their biggest clients (and I mean really big) and every client who is not big is late to the table and last to leave, usually at a loss. Because smaller clients start buying what the big players are just starting to sell. Which is why the big holders sell in dribs and drabs over time. Every winning trade requires a losing trade. Too bad, past results are no etc. etc.   Try to work the market independently against the big guns and you will eventually come to know the meaning of whipsaw. And its consequences. Everybody thinks they can get out in time. Trouble is, when markets tank--stock market, real estate markets--there is no getting out because there are no buyers. It's a free fall without a parachute. Many real estate speculators will learn this in the coming year.      Try to work the market independently against the big guns and you will eventually come to know the meaning of whipsaw. And its consequences. Everybody thinks they can get out in time. Trouble is, when markets tank--stock market, real estate markets--there is no getting out because there are no buyers. It's a free fall without a parachute. Many real estate speculators will learn this in the coming year.      The author of this book, Ed Eastering, is well respected and can give you a good view of how the game works. Which is useful in a textbook kind of way. And he attempts to lay out some tips for the solo investor.    The author of this book, Ed Eastering, is well respected and can give you a good view of how the game works. Which is useful in a textbook kind of way. And he attempts to lay out some tips for the solo investor.    Trouble is, timing IS everything and the information you need to time the market is not going to be found in any book. Or any proprietary system being peddled over the internet. If it worked that well they would not be selling it to you.   Trouble is, timing IS everything and the information you need to time the market is not going to be found in any book. Or any proprietary system being peddled over the internet. If it worked that well they would not be selling it to you.   So what's the answer?     Contrarian investing? When everybody is long, go short, and vice versa? Good idea but it requires a discipline that can tear apart the innards of a veteran Wall Street trader. It is just not wired into the systems of most people to pull it off. And reliable sell signals are about as hard to find as a legitimate 1918 Inverted Jenny.    Contrarian investing? When everybody is long, go short, and vice versa? Good idea but it requires a discipline that can tear apart the innards of a veteran Wall Street trader. It is just not wired into the systems of most people to pull it off. And reliable sell signals are about as hard to find as a legitimate 1918 Inverted Jenny.    Another possibility: do what most of the really rich usually do, stuff it into long-term U.S. Treasuries that pay a fixed interest rate and guarantee the principal at maturity. Of course, you have to keep them for the long term, which the really rich can afford to do. Can you? If not, you may sell the bond at a loss that negates the interest you were paid. So you're stuck with safe U.S. short-term notes which mature at par and pay the promised (usually much lower) interest rate. Not very exciting.   Another possibility: do what most of the really rich usually do, stuff it into long-term U.S. Treasuries that pay a fixed interest rate and guarantee the principal at maturity. Of course, you have to keep them for the long term, which the really rich can afford to do. Can you? If not, you may sell the bond at a loss that negates the interest you were paid. So you're stuck with safe U.S. short-term notes which mature at par and pay the promised (usually much lower) interest rate. Not very exciting.   And if inflation pops your interest rate may give you breakeven or less. Well, that's tough unless you had the cojones to buy one of the most volatile commodities in existence: gold. This is a truly ferocious trap that has ruined many.    And if inflation pops your interest rate may give you breakeven or less. Well, that's tough unless you had the cojones to buy one of the most volatile commodities in existence: gold. This is a truly ferocious trap that has ruined many.    The big guns say don't speculate with money you can't afford to lose. Hey, thanks. That fits about .001 percent of the investing population.   The big guns say don't speculate with money you can't afford to lose. Hey, thanks. That fits about .001 percent of the investing population.   Read Easterling for the historical big picture. And it ain't a pretty picture. It's all about volatility and volatility is a killer.    Read Easterling for the historical big picture. And it ain't a pretty picture. It's all about volatility and volatility is a killer.    And so the moral of the story may be to be very careful with your investment decisions. Err on the side of caution. The first consideration of the physician is Do No Harm. The first consideration of the financial investor is Lose Not Thy Wad.    And so the moral of the story may be to be very careful with your investment decisions. Err on the side of caution. The first consideration of the physician is Do No Harm. The first consideration of the financial investor is Lose Not Thy Wad.    Of couse there is the notion that markets investing is really just another excuse to excerise the gambling urge for people who consider casinos crass. If that's you, may luck truly be with you.            
 THis book was horrible.  If it was possible to rate it lower than one star i would have.  I am an avid reader and picked this book up after my mom had gotten it from a friend.  I read half of it, suffering from a headache the entire time, and then got to the part about the relationship the 13 year old boy had with a 33 year old man and i lit this book on fire.  One less copy in the world...don't waste your money.THis book was horrible.  If it was possible to rate it lower than one star i would have.  I am an avid reader and picked this book up after my mom had gotten it from a friend.  I read half of it, suffering from a headache the entire time, and then got to the part about the relationship the 13 year old boy had with a 33 year old man and i lit this book on fire.  One less copy in the world...don't waste your money.I wish i had the time spent reading this book back so i could use it for better purposes.  THis book wasted my life
 I like to use the Amazon reviews when purchasing books, especially alert for dissenting perceptions about higly rated items, which usually disuades me from a selection.  So I offer this review that seriously questions the popularity of this work - I found it smug, self-serving and self-indulgent, written by a person with little or no empathy, especially for the people he castigates. For example, his portrayal of the family therapist seems implausible and reaches for effect and panders to the "shrink" bashers of the world. This "play for effect" tone throughout the book was very distasteful to me
 THis book was horrible.  If it was possible to rate it lower than one star i would have.  I am an avid reader and picked this book up after my mom had gotten it from a friend.  I read half of it, suffering from a headache the entire time, and then got to the part about the relationship the 13 year old boy had with a 33 year old man and i lit this book on fire.  One less copy in the world...don't waste your money.THis book was horrible.  If it was possible to rate it lower than one star i would have.  I am an avid reader and picked this book up after my mom had gotten it from a friend.  I read half of it, suffering from a headache the entire time, and then got to the part about the relationship the 13 year old boy had with a 33 year old man and i lit this book on fire.  One less copy in the world...don't waste your money.I wish i had the time spent reading this book back so i could use it for better purposes.  THis book wasted my life
 I'm not sure who's writing these reviews, but I read repitition after repitition after repitition, with a lot of confusing fluff. Asking hard questions to solve complex or simple issues. What's "fierce" about that? I'm not sure who's writing these reviews, but I read repitition after repitition after repitition, with a lot of confusing fluff. Asking hard questions to solve complex or simple issues. What's "fierce" about that? The writing style and content just didn't flow. Wasn't real. I mean, in one section, she actually uses the term "bucko," as in, "Let me tell you something, bucko." What are we in "Happy Days?" Couldn't take the book seriously after that. Very bad.
 I picked up the first book in this series (The Eyre Affair) based purely on its premise and was left somewhat underwhelmed. Still, the potential for the series seemed so large that I went ahead and read this second one too, only to be even less enchanted with the franchise. This is a pure sequel, and any newcomers are advised to read the misadventures of Thursday Next is strict order, lest one miss out of allusions to past events. Although... on further consideration, maybe it doesn't matter, since clearly anything can and will happen in this series, and Fforde isn't all that interested in keeping to a linear plotline anyway. I picked up the first book in this series (The Eyre Affair) based purely on its premise and was left somewhat underwhelmed. Still, the potential for the series seemed so large that I went ahead and read this second one too, only to be even less enchanted with the franchise. This is a pure sequel, and any newcomers are advised to read the misadventures of Thursday Next is strict order, lest one miss out of allusions to past events. Although... on further consideration, maybe it doesn't matter, since clearly anything can and will happen in this series, and Fforde isn't all that interested in keeping to a linear plotline anyway. The setting is the same as the first book, an alternate mid-1980s England in which literature is the preeminent social preoccupation. Fresh off the events of "The Eyre Affair", Thursday Next (a police officer specializing in literature related crimes, such as first-edition forgeries, valuable manuscript thefts, and the like) is gritting her teeth through a new round of fame as the woman who saved Jane Eyre (and changed the ending for the better), when all she wants to do is cuddle up at home with her new husband Landen. Unfortunately, the evil Goliath Corporation has managed to use a corrupt member of the Chronogaurd (timestream police) to delete Landen from this timeline and are holding his existence hostage. In the first book Thursday imprisoned one of their top men inside Poe's "The Raven", and it seems they want him back. The setting is the same as the first book, an alternate mid-1980s England in which literature is the preeminent social preoccupation. Fresh off the events of "The Eyre Affair", Thursday Next (a police officer specializing in literature related crimes, such as first-edition forgeries, valuable manuscript thefts, and the like) is gritting her teeth through a new round of fame as the woman who saved Jane Eyre (and changed the ending for the better), when all she wants to do is cuddle up at home with her new husband Landen. Unfortunately, the evil Goliath Corporation has managed to use a corrupt member of the Chronogaurd (timestream police) to delete Landen from this timeline and are holding his existence hostage. In the first book Thursday imprisoned one of their top men inside Poe's "The Raven", and it seems they want him back. This a potentially interesting plot, but it keeps get lost amidst all the other things Fforde throws into the mix. Most notable are a series of strange coincidences which keep coming close to killing Thursday (and are also linked to events in the first book). Another plotline concerns the discovery of a "lost" Shakespeare play, which looks to be the most important literary event of the century, if Thursday can authenticate it. There's also the small matter of Thursday's pregnancy. And just when one is comfortable with Thursday's role as a "SpecOps Litratech", and that whole milieu, she's thrown into an entirely new one as a member of "Jurisfiction", a kind of police comprised of book characters who move around in different literary works and maintain order... Finally, her father pops up to inform her that something in the timestream has gone wrong and the entire world is going to be turned into a mass of pink sludge in a few days unless he can figure it out, and can she help him. Phew!This a potentially interesting plot, but it keeps get lost amidst all the other things Fforde throws into the mix. Most notable are a series of strange coincidences which keep coming close to killing Thursday (and are also linked to events in the first book). Another plotline concerns the discovery of a "lost" Shakespeare play, which looks to be the most important literary event of the century, if Thursday can authenticate it. There's also the small matter of Thursday's pregnancy. And just when one is comfortable with Thursday's role as a "SpecOps Litratech", and that whole milieu, she's thrown into an entirely new one as a member of "Jurisfiction", a kind of police comprised of book characters who move around in different literary works and maintain order... Finally, her father pops up to inform her that something in the timestream has gone wrong and the entire world is going to be turned into a mass of pink sludge in a few days unless he can figure it out, and can she help him. Phew!I've probably missed one or two elements, but you get the idea. Fforde is just brimming with nifty ideas, but the shame of it is that he can't stop and give any of them the attention they deserve. It's impossible to get invested in any of the plotlines when you know he's just going to move on to something else in a few pages, and it's impossible to care about the characters when their existence is utterly malleable, as is time and place. I suppose it's all meant to be puckish good fun, but the overall effect is more an attention deficit disorder Nancy Drew heroine meets a poor-man's Douglas Adams. The book has its occasional moments, but the humor is far too broad and unsubtle, and there's absolutely no narrative tension. All the literary in jokes in the world can't save this shambling wreck, and I don't think I'll be moving on to the next book.
 Not only do I disagree with his opinions, but some of his facts are blatently false.  On page 106 he refers to violence agains Native Americans by European settlers as "isolated instances" and not planned nor calculated.  Had to read it for a class and it was less then enjoyable
 &quot;I have received your new book against the human race, and thank you for it. Never was such cleverness used in the design of making us all stupid. One longs, in reading your book, to walk on all fours. But as I have lost that habit for more than sixty years, I feel unhappily the impossibility of resuming it. Nor can I embark in search of the savages of Canada, because the maladies to which I am condemned render a European surgeon necessary to me; because war is going on in those regions; and because the example of our actions has made the savages nearly as bad as ourselves.&quot; Voltaire (1755
 This book was on somebody's Amazon.com LISTMANIA for Sea Turtles, so I hunted it down.  It is only vaguely about sea turtles, in that it is set on an island in Georgia where sea turtles nest.  There is a sea turtle biologist introduced at the very beginning of the book, and then he disappears, so it's obvious that he was involved in the crime. This book was on somebody's Amazon.com LISTMANIA for Sea Turtles, so I hunted it down.  It is only vaguely about sea turtles, in that it is set on an island in Georgia where sea turtles nest.  There is a sea turtle biologist introduced at the very beginning of the book, and then he disappears, so it's obvious that he was involved in the crime. There are way too many characters in this book to keep track of and most of them are not believable or likable.  I wish this book had at least been fun to read but it was tedious and I ended up skimming the whole thing, looking for any sign of sea turtle interaction.  Skip this book and send your $6.99 to a sea turtle hospital instead.
 I am not sure whatever possessed me to buy this book.  Honestly, it was a complete waste of my time.  To quote a friend, it was not the best use of my entertainment dollar.  If you are a fan of pedestrian writing, lack-luster plots and hackneyed character development, this is your book
 When Professor Polk describes the sweep of history in Iraq, he is at his best, but the book often descends into a political diatribe that is neither appropriate nor grounded in the facts.  Much of the political ranting is supposition, marring what would otherwise be an interesting and informative work. The ranting gets especially tedious towards the end.  My advice, read the first part and skip the last half
 This is a story of the lives of 5 people who attended college with the author during the early 1980s in post cultural revolution China.  The 5 people live relatively miserable lives, touched by official corruption and incompetence (with the exception of one who benefits handsomely).  China is portrayed as a country filled with desperate people lacking any morality, with widespread corruption, and widespread incompetence.  This view is difficult to reconcile with the economic development and obvious progress that has occurred there in the past 20 years.  This book is an interesting read as gossip often can be, but it is doubtful the 5 people portrayed represent present day China
 This is the sixth book in the Left Behind series. It is also the first one in the series I did not finish in one sitting. It did not flow as well as the others, so as to lend itself to a complete reading in one evening. The book also spends a lot of time re-telling what we read in previous books. I felt this time like I read half a novel.This is the sixth book in the Left Behind series. It is also the first one in the series I did not finish in one sitting. It did not flow as well as the others, so as to lend itself to a complete reading in one evening. The book also spends a lot of time re-telling what we read in previous books. I felt this time like I read half a novel.The book starts in the thirty-eighth month into the tribulation. But most of the characters seem a little too self serving in this book. Allowing their own desires to guide their actions. Whether that desire be derived from rage, revenge, self pity, or even guilt. Rayford spends most of his time focusing on Hattie or his desire to kill the Anti-Christ. Though I do like the description of the handgun that Rayford procures. And when the time comes for the assassination, there are a few characters to chose from. The book starts in the thirty-eighth month into the tribulation. But most of the characters seem a little too self serving in this book. Allowing their own desires to guide their actions. Whether that desire be derived from rage, revenge, self pity, or even guilt. Rayford spends most of his time focusing on Hattie or his desire to kill the Anti-Christ. Though I do like the description of the handgun that Rayford procures. And when the time comes for the assassination, there are a few characters to chose from. The book ends in an old time cliff hanger where you are left guessing who it is that assassinated the Anti-Christ. Stay tuned for the next volume. I have read this far, so I will finish the series. Though most people my find this book suspensful, I did not
 This book is essentially about how culture is used to promote the interest of stronger, imperial powers.  Said condemns intellectuals in the West who in his eyes are "agents of exploitation".  Yet Said himself is an agent of racism.  This book is essentially about how culture is used to promote the interest of stronger, imperial powers.  Said condemns intellectuals in the West who in his eyes are "agents of exploitation".  Yet Said himself is an agent of racism.  A Pan Arabist, he always supported Arab unity and "Islam" at the expense of non-Arab and non-Moslem peoples.  Said directs and manipulates the Western taste for self criticim, and all that does is deflect the world's attention from Arab and Moslem attrocities committed against Christians, Kurds, Jews, Israelis, Coptic Christians, non-Arab Sudanese, etc.  A Pan Arabist, he always supported Arab unity and "Islam" at the expense of non-Arab and non-Moslem peoples.  Said directs and manipulates the Western taste for self criticim, and all that does is deflect the world's attention from Arab and Moslem attrocities committed against Christians, Kurds, Jews, Israelis, Coptic Christians, non-Arab Sudanese, etc.  Thus, reading Said, you would never realize that Sadam Hussein's poisoning of the Kurds has never been condemned by one Arab intellectual or leader.  This is because a racist prevalent attitude in the Arab mind is that the entire Middle East should be Arab.  This also explains the attitude towards Israel, a country that is predominantly non-Moslem and speaks a Middle Eastern language other than Arabic.Thus, reading Said, you would never realize that Sadam Hussein's poisoning of the Kurds has never been condemned by one Arab intellectual or leader.  This is because a racist prevalent attitude in the Arab mind is that the entire Middle East should be Arab.  This also explains the attitude towards Israel, a country that is predominantly non-Moslem and speaks a Middle Eastern language other than Arabic.The pity is that Said himself is a Christian, yet he never spoke on behalf of Coptic Christians in Egypt, or the right of Christians to practice their faith in Saudi Arabia and probably other places in the Arab World.  He is facilitating the overall aim of PanArab Nationalists by distracting the West from what is happening in the Arab world.  The pity is that Said himself is a Christian, yet he never spoke on behalf of Coptic Christians in Egypt, or the right of Christians to practice their faith in Saudi Arabia and probably other places in the Arab World.  He is facilitating the overall aim of PanArab Nationalists by distracting the West from what is happening in the Arab world.  For a better understanding of relations between the West and Islam, I recommend books by Bernard Lewis, such as "The Moslem Discovery of Europe" and the "Jews of Islam".  I also recommend books by the Egyptian scholar and Jewish refugee Yael Bat Yeor, such as "The Dhimmi". 
 Oh, yes - this is a very fine book... for me to poop on! Oh, yes - this is a very fine book... for me to poop on! In other words, it's a JOKE book. It's just another one of a half dozen duds out there, all trying to slam whoever happens to be the #1 retailer at the time - this decade it's Wal-Mart. In other words, it's a JOKE book. It's just another one of a half dozen duds out there, all trying to slam whoever happens to be the #1 retailer at the time - this decade it's Wal-Mart. Foreign countries paying their workers less? Blame Wal-Mart! Worker insurance prices going sky high because the medical industry over-estimates it's fees? Blame Wal-Mart! Crooked unions feeling threatened they'll get their butts kicked by non-union competition? Blame Wal-Mart! Etc., etc.Foreign countries paying their workers less? Blame Wal-Mart! Worker insurance prices going sky high because the medical industry over-estimates it's fees? Blame Wal-Mart! Crooked unions feeling threatened they'll get their butts kicked by non-union competition? Blame Wal-Mart! Etc., etc.You just have to laugh at how these semi-journalistic schlockmeisters try so desperately to compare themselves to a real activist like Micheal Moore, who actually accomplishes some social good once in awhile. You just have to laugh at how these semi-journalistic schlockmeisters try so desperately to compare themselves to a real activist like Micheal Moore, who actually accomplishes some social good once in awhile. But you know who's REALLY laughing? That's right - Wal-Mart. That's because they've ALREADY built their thousands of stores, and been in business for over 40 years, so it's way too late now for these mealy-mouthed media wannabes to do anything about it! But you know who's REALLY laughing? That's right - Wal-Mart. That's because they've ALREADY built their thousands of stores, and been in business for over 40 years, so it's way too late now for these mealy-mouthed media wannabes to do anything about it! And what do these ersatz authors expect at this very late date, anyway? That millions of consumers, during these roller-coaster economic times, will be instantly brainwashed by these new crackpot books and then suddenly start to "boycott lower prices"? Ha! Ha! Ha! And what do these ersatz authors expect at this very late date, anyway? That millions of consumers, during these roller-coaster economic times, will be instantly brainwashed by these new crackpot books and then suddenly start to "boycott lower prices"? Ha! Ha! Ha! Like I said, this has got to be just another joke book
 Hands down this is Bukowski's single worst book.  Bought it when it first came out just before/after his death in 1994.  Having read just about everything the man had written, "Pulp" was a hugely disappointing epitaph.  If you've never read Bukowski start with "Post Office" or the short story collections, but avoid this like the plague.  A bad book.  I can't think of a single reason to recommend it
 Very average book!  Frei doesn't go down as one of my favorite sports writers. Loves to sensationlize rather then just tell a great story
 This book had a good message, and could have had a lasting impact on me. But the plot was obscenely dull, and the middle of the book (Gene and Finny relationship) does not seem to fit in with the rest of the book. Not recommended
 Finally there is a solution to the problem of world poverty! Yunnus has proven, by the success of his bank's loans to the desperately poor, that the poor are masters of survival and the best equipped to pull themselves out of poverty given the right tools and support. Founder of the Grameen Bank, he and his collaborators in many coutries throughout the world (including the US and Canada) have shown that lending to the poor, helping them realize their own potential and giving them the support network they need to succeed is having dramatic results wherever it is tried. Yunnus' book is inspiring and an eye-opener. It made me realize that professionals working in large international charity organizations cannot bring about genuine change unless their offices and employees live and work among the people they are trying to help. It's hard to separate the book from the idea. One is as fascinating as the other. Out of 5 points, I give it a six
 While reading this book I found the details of some cases to be unbelievable.  Also, the "photographs" of the murderers and detectives all looked fuzzy and more like drawings.  I've read a lot of true crime and never heard of catching a murderer because he breathed his asthma medication on the murder victim's hair.  Or because they chemically deduced which cologne he wore. And who leaves their backdoor open when they know a violent Doberman Pinscher has been getting through their backyard fence? Sure, just let that dog on in. And whose place of employment has a record of all employee's blood "groups" (not their TYPES, just their GROUPS), when the employee doesn't even know HIMSELF what group he is?While reading this book I found the details of some cases to be unbelievable.  Also, the "photographs" of the murderers and detectives all looked fuzzy and more like drawings.  I've read a lot of true crime and never heard of catching a murderer because he breathed his asthma medication on the murder victim's hair.  Or because they chemically deduced which cologne he wore. And who leaves their backdoor open when they know a violent Doberman Pinscher has been getting through their backyard fence? Sure, just let that dog on in. And whose place of employment has a record of all employee's blood "groups" (not their TYPES, just their GROUPS), when the employee doesn't even know HIMSELF what group he is?Then I read the introduction, which I always skip, and found out this book is FICTION, not true crime as the cover announced and in which section it was in in the book store.Then I read the introduction, which I always skip, and found out this book is FICTION, not true crime as the cover announced and in which section it was in in the book store.As FICTION, it's okay, (I prefer Agatha Christie), but I don't believe the forensic work in this book is even based on any fact. So read it for entertainment, but don't be so gullible as to believe any of it
 I was disappointed in this book--especially after reading the other stellar reviews (which are all, weirdly, from Texas, where the author lives).I was disappointed in this book--especially after reading the other stellar reviews (which are all, weirdly, from Texas, where the author lives).When it's a book about logic and clear thinking, a reader expects that book to be free of typographical errors, imprecise logic, and muddled thinking.  Needless to say, I almost put the book down after reading the introduction because of the missing words and typographical errors.  Exampe from page 11:  "Because the real is out there, we must effectively with it...."  Here's another gem from the same page:  "I am sorry to have to tell you that fact, but that is the way things are.  That is the nature of nature.  That is the reality of reality."When it's a book about logic and clear thinking, a reader expects that book to be free of typographical errors, imprecise logic, and muddled thinking.  Needless to say, I almost put the book down after reading the introduction because of the missing words and typographical errors.  Exampe from page 11:  "Because the real is out there, we must effectively with it...."  Here's another gem from the same page:  "I am sorry to have to tell you that fact, but that is the way things are.  That is the nature of nature.  That is the reality of reality."Look at page 33.  The author states, "Why when one exception is uncovered, multiple other exceptions surface almost right away is not entirely clear....  Probably this has something to do with the way we humans view reality."  Very disappointing--hasn't this author studied any cognitive psychology?  It's called confirmation bias and it's entirely clear.Look at page 33.  The author states, "Why when one exception is uncovered, multiple other exceptions surface almost right away is not entirely clear....  Probably this has something to do with the way we humans view reality."  Very disappointing--hasn't this author studied any cognitive psychology?  It's called confirmation bias and it's entirely clear.One more example!  On page 60, the author states that Barbara Boxer, a senator from California, "doesn't know the difference between a revolver and a semiautomatic pistol" and is "unlikely to shed intelligent light on the relative safety of either gun."  Ouch.  How does he know what Barbara Boxer knows or doesn't know?  She's actually very well-versed on the difference between the two; has he heard her speak on the subject?  It comes across as more of an ad hominem attack than anything.One more example!  On page 60, the author states that Barbara Boxer, a senator from California, "doesn't know the difference between a revolver and a semiautomatic pistol" and is "unlikely to shed intelligent light on the relative safety of either gun."  Ouch.  How does he know what Barbara Boxer knows or doesn't know?  She's actually very well-versed on the difference between the two; has he heard her speak on the subject?  It comes across as more of an ad hominem attack than anything.Anyway, save your money on this book and instead buy Jamie Whyte's CRIMES AGAINST LOGIC.  Now that's a well-written book!
 He gave it all he had, but there just wasn't much of interest there.  He's a self-described, turmoiled loser, and not very interesting one to boot.  Kafka, Roth, and Jeremy Leven (Satan, et al), write about similar troubled Jews, and are much funnier and interesting. I like his honesty, but, it's not worth the price of admission
 The Paleo Diet is based on an interesting premise- the idea that what we ate before agriculture suited our needs perfectly because our bodies had been bred by evolution in response to our what we could find to eat in our environment. It seems like a giant leap to assume our paleolithic ancestors naturally gravitated towards exactly what we need to eat. Animals in the wild do make sensible choices most of the time, because their decisions are instinctual. Self-awareness creates a problem that doesn't exist for other animal behavior as it does for humans. Sometimes we do things out of curiosity, or laziness, or false beliefs. So, considering the erratic behavior of present-day humans, who is to say our paleolithic ancestors were any more intuitive about their nutritive needs? Even the book suggests humans ate what they did out of trial and error, frequently just trying whatever they encountered in the wild.The Paleo Diet is based on an interesting premise- the idea that what we ate before agriculture suited our needs perfectly because our bodies had been bred by evolution in response to our what we could find to eat in our environment. It seems like a giant leap to assume our paleolithic ancestors naturally gravitated towards exactly what we need to eat. Animals in the wild do make sensible choices most of the time, because their decisions are instinctual. Self-awareness creates a problem that doesn't exist for other animal behavior as it does for humans. Sometimes we do things out of curiosity, or laziness, or false beliefs. So, considering the erratic behavior of present-day humans, who is to say our paleolithic ancestors were any more intuitive about their nutritive needs? Even the book suggests humans ate what they did out of trial and error, frequently just trying whatever they encountered in the wild.The fact that wild foods are frequently much richer in nutrients than domestic foods does not mean that you must subscribe to a strict paleolithic diet to take advantage of this fact. Rather, eat more wild-sourced food. Just about anything edible from the wild will be a healthy food, unless the environment from which it comes is polluted- and that is a very real problem. The fact that wild foods are frequently much richer in nutrients than domestic foods does not mean that you must subscribe to a strict paleolithic diet to take advantage of this fact. Rather, eat more wild-sourced food. Just about anything edible from the wild will be a healthy food, unless the environment from which it comes is polluted- and that is a very real problem. Meat is a very dodgy thing nowadays, not like it was in the pristine wilderness of the paleolithic era. The Paleo diet would be a healthy thing if we were still in that world. Now, we need to worry about heavy metals in fish flesh, and antibiotics and growth hormones in feedlot animals. Beef will have some naturally occuring omega 3 if the animals were allowed to wander in a more or less natural fashion, as they did when the most commonly employed mechanism for animal control was the cowboy. This is no longer true. The average cut of meat in your supermarket is taken from a feedlot animal, fed the wrong food and in conditions unsanitary in the extreme. Basing a diet on meat in this day and age can be dangerous. You must choose your meat sources carefully. Meat made from free-range animals raised on pesticide-free in a caring manner can be very hard to find. Meat is a very dodgy thing nowadays, not like it was in the pristine wilderness of the paleolithic era. The Paleo diet would be a healthy thing if we were still in that world. Now, we need to worry about heavy metals in fish flesh, and antibiotics and growth hormones in feedlot animals. Beef will have some naturally occuring omega 3 if the animals were allowed to wander in a more or less natural fashion, as they did when the most commonly employed mechanism for animal control was the cowboy. This is no longer true. The average cut of meat in your supermarket is taken from a feedlot animal, fed the wrong food and in conditions unsanitary in the extreme. Basing a diet on meat in this day and age can be dangerous. You must choose your meat sources carefully. Meat made from free-range animals raised on pesticide-free in a caring manner can be very hard to find. I found Loren's rejection of all products of agricultural development a little too simple minded, and in some cases irresponsible. There is nothing at all unhealthy about whole grain foods or legumes consumed in moderation, and significant weight loss could occur for most people if they ingested organic whole grains and legumes but conscientiously avoided only the major evil products of agriculture: high fructose corn syrup, trans-fatty acids, artifical sweeteners, uncleaned foods raised non-organically with pesticides and herbicides, and improperly raised food animals. I found Loren's rejection of all products of agricultural development a little too simple minded, and in some cases irresponsible. There is nothing at all unhealthy about whole grain foods or legumes consumed in moderation, and significant weight loss could occur for most people if they ingested organic whole grains and legumes but conscientiously avoided only the major evil products of agriculture: high fructose corn syrup, trans-fatty acids, artifical sweeteners, uncleaned foods raised non-organically with pesticides and herbicides, and improperly raised food animals. My main objection to the book is nearly one hundred pages (about half) of the book is dedicated to the spiel- convincing you this thing is real and valid and worth your time. I think the forward to the book or perhaps the first chapter alone would have been sufficient for that purpose. After a while you get the feeling Loren is trying too hard to sell this idea to you, and it really interferes with the flow of the book.My main objection to the book is nearly one hundred pages (about half) of the book is dedicated to the spiel- convincing you this thing is real and valid and worth your time. I think the forward to the book or perhaps the first chapter alone would have been sufficient for that purpose. After a while you get the feeling Loren is trying too hard to sell this idea to you, and it really interferes with the flow of the book.Further, a lot (but not all) of the studies cited show only marginal advantages of different aspects of this diet. The claims that you will experience great weight loss and feel better than you ever have are quite nice to imagine, and peppered throughout the book. But it's hard to believe with the less than overwhelming studies cited.Further, a lot (but not all) of the studies cited show only marginal advantages of different aspects of this diet. The claims that you will experience great weight loss and feel better than you ever have are quite nice to imagine, and peppered throughout the book. But it's hard to believe with the less than overwhelming studies cited.One last nitpick. One great way to compensate for the lack of typical food taste enhancers like salt and sugar is the use of herbs and spices. something very much like the paleo diet already exists as part of peasant cuisines around the world. It's a pity the recipes included do not explore those, but instead offer somewhat watered down and uninspired fare instead. Espscially asian cuisines frequently make due with alot of the ingredients that are ok on the paleo diet, and their interesting spices make it all the more entertaining. I found the recipes far too traditional and western-centric. 
 If you want a biased and misleading account of the Arab war against Israel, this ought to satisfy you.If you want a biased and misleading account of the Arab war against Israel, this ought to satisfy you.Shlaim tells us that Jabotinsky, in discussing Zionism explained that "if the cause is just, justice must triumph."Shlaim tells us that Jabotinsky, in discussing Zionism explained that "if the cause is just, justice must triumph."I think Jabotinsky made a very good point here.  You see, human beings will, if given the chance, tend to buy land in the places they wish to live in.  The ones who can make best use of the land and wish to do so will be the high bidders for the land.  If injustice consists of stealing that land from them and justice consists of letting them buy the land and keep it (which they will wish to do if they are offered only low prices for it), then it is easy to see what the triumph of justice would mean here.  In particular, it would mean a prosperous Israel and a triumph for Zionism.I think Jabotinsky made a very good point here.  You see, human beings will, if given the chance, tend to buy land in the places they wish to live in.  The ones who can make best use of the land and wish to do so will be the high bidders for the land.  If injustice consists of stealing that land from them and justice consists of letting them buy the land and keep it (which they will wish to do if they are offered only low prices for it), then it is easy to see what the triumph of justice would mean here.  In particular, it would mean a prosperous Israel and a triumph for Zionism.Shlaim appears to have missed all this.  To him, Zionism is unjust.  And to him, the triumph of terror and theft is both forthcoming and desirable.  He tells us that a new independent Levantine Arab state "is inevitable."  I disagree.  It may be likely.  But it would serve no purpose.  It would not help Jews, Arabs, or others.  Its only purpose would be to damage Israel.  The people of such a state do not as yet have an independent language, religion, culture, cuisine, or foreign policy.  So I think there is still hope that sanity may prevail here.Shlaim appears to have missed all this.  To him, Zionism is unjust.  And to him, the triumph of terror and theft is both forthcoming and desirable.  He tells us that a new independent Levantine Arab state "is inevitable."  I disagree.  It may be likely.  But it would serve no purpose.  It would not help Jews, Arabs, or others.  Its only purpose would be to damage Israel.  The people of such a state do not as yet have an independent language, religion, culture, cuisine, or foreign policy.  So I think there is still hope that sanity may prevail here.Shlaim also tells us that this new Arab state will be "weak, demilitarized, and territorially divided."  Is it just possible that this, if true, provides even more reasons why neither side might want to create it at all?   And could that make the appearance of this state even less inevitable?  Or at least less desirable?  Shlaim also tells us that this new Arab state will be "weak, demilitarized, and territorially divided."  Is it just possible that this, if true, provides even more reasons why neither side might want to create it at all?   And could that make the appearance of this state even less inevitable?  Or at least less desirable?  And the author also explains that both sides in the Arab-Israeli conflict will have to make "painful compromises," and that Jerusalem will have to be "the subject of hard bargaining." And the author also explains that both sides in the Arab-Israeli conflict will have to make "painful compromises," and that Jerusalem will have to be "the subject of hard bargaining." Really?Really?Is having peace and prosperity with reasonable borders a painful compromise?  For either side?  Of course not.  Shlaim is kidding us if he expects us to believe that war, poverty, and destruction are somehow less painful.Is having peace and prosperity with reasonable borders a painful compromise?  For either side?  Of course not.  Shlaim is kidding us if he expects us to believe that war, poverty, and destruction are somehow less painful.Had Shlaim been writing about France and Germany, we'd have seen at once that the whole viewpoint is nonsense.  He'd have been telling us that the German National Socialists needed an independent state in France, either to replace all of France or part of it.  He would have laughingly dismissed French claims on the basis of the entire idea of France being unjust!  He'd have sternly explained that a German National Socialist state in France was both desirable and inevitable.  And he would have discussed the necessary "painful compromises" for both sides and the "hard bargaining" about Paris.Had Shlaim been writing about France and Germany, we'd have seen at once that the whole viewpoint is nonsense.  He'd have been telling us that the German National Socialists needed an independent state in France, either to replace all of France or part of it.  He would have laughingly dismissed French claims on the basis of the entire idea of France being unjust!  He'd have sternly explained that a German National Socialist state in France was both desirable and inevitable.  And he would have discussed the necessary "painful compromises" for both sides and the "hard bargaining" about Paris.There are plenty of reasonable books about the Arab war against Israel.  This isn't one of them
 Didn't care for this book at all.  If you want to learn about Stephen King you'd be much better off reading or listening to his book &quot;On Writing.&quot
 I have been a fan of Sue Henry since her first Jessie Arnold mystery.  I was looking forward to reading her lastest adventure, but was very disappointed in this outing.  The characters were one-dimensional.  After discovering who the "bad guys" were I needed to reread part of the book for clarification.  Sue Henry has a very annoying habit of foreshadowing at the end of many of her chapters.  "...they hadn't a notion just how decidedly things could - and would - change in the next few hours."  Even the relationship between Alex and Jessie seemed stilted.  I realize it is difficult to create plausible mysteries for a civilian like musher Jessie Arnold, but this book tried too hard and accomplished too little
 I want to make a short comment here:1) This book is quite confusing. It mixed up the real story with the make up one.2) Saying that Ramanujun thought Goldbach Conjecture is wrong was a huge mistake. Everyone believe that Goldbach Conjecture is true. And Ramanujun is a real genius. I cannot stand this make up part
 What a bunch of high school hallway gossip! The author does not know the difference between white and albino! The 'genetics' discussions on color (which includes people, chickens, horses, and dogs - all of it suspect) and mutts vs. purebred dogs are total claptrap! I confess, I couldn't get past page 87 when the author explains that 'one of the reasons wolves turned into dogs was that nursing human mothers probably adopted orphaned wolf cubs and nursed them at their breasts along with their human babies.' WHAT?? A waste of my hard-earned $. Having read those parts I cannot believe anything that went before or that follows, not that I'm reading any further. How is a multi-published author allowed to put such uneducated 'information' into print? And now she's influenced readers -- a terrible situation. Publisher, where are your pre-publication reviews? Shame on you for allowing this ignorant speculation to be published!
 This book could have been written in 200 pages instead of 400 if James Frey did not repeat himself a million times.Although, the book is based on fictional characters the author could have developed the characters more by including more of the occupants from the treatment facility and told their individual stories to make the story flow and make the book more interesting instead of being so repetitive.This book however, did shed some insight on what addicts go through during detox.He could have been less descriptive in the sections where he described getting sick and throwing -up, and the very graphic descriptions he gave when taking his stitches out; even though his tactic was to show how brave he was, the reader could tell that it was all in his addictive mind!This book would be an encouragement for someone who is an addict and need something to pull them into reality to show them that they can kick their addiction and change their life before it is too late, like it almost was for James.It was just an okay book and we hope James Frey's next book will be much more interesting
 Not all that useful, really.  Message is "buy mutual funds!".  In general, since the vast majority of mutual funds underperform the market, just buy index funds would be the best advice.  Most of the text is entirely useless to someone who might want to trade individual stocks.  Passages suggest that if a company seems undervalued you might want to have lunch with the CEO to go over the financials and confirm your valuation.  Oh, thanks Peter, what great advice... ("Mr. Gates, your 11 o'clock is here to discuss purchasing 15 shares")
 The biblical and creator references in this book are overwhelming. I thought I was buying a book about knitting, but found the references too distracting to be able to focus on her knitting instructions.
 Just finished reading this novel this morning and I think it is probably the weakest one of the lot.  Like a lot of reviewers, I didn't find this one anywhere near as gripping or well-developed plotwise as a number of the earlier ones in the Stephanie Plum series.  As well, the supposed sexual tension- love triangle between Stephanie, Joe and Ranger is approaching its use-by date.  It is definitely becoming boring and I think Ms Evanovich needs to resolve Stephanie's romantic situation once and for all.  I still enjoy characters like Lula and Grandma Mazur but a lot of the situations Stephanie found herself in fell flat with me.  There are only so many times she can have her car blown up, handbag destroyed, apartment broken into, etc, before it becomes tiresome and repetitive.  I still think there is a spark of life in the Stephanie Plum series, but I hope the next novel is a better effort and not so much by-the-numbers as this one
 There are plenty of excellent Play Therapy books out there, this is not one of them.  Maybe it's just me, but a play therapy book should be way more user friendly.  I need quick access, color and... ART
 When you have lost weight, it's a very natural thing for others to be curious about how you lost your weight and kept it off. Whenever they have heard me tell my story, read my blog or book, or found out that I did it on the low-carb lifestyle, one question invariably has come up from time to time: When you have lost weight, it's a very natural thing for others to be curious about how you lost your weight and kept it off. Whenever they have heard me tell my story, read my blog or book, or found out that I did it on the low-carb lifestyle, one question invariably has come up from time to time: "What do you think about this low-carb diet where you can eat whatever you want for one-hour per day?""What do you think about this low-carb diet where you can eat whatever you want for one-hour per day?"My initial reaction to these people was usually something along the lines of this:My initial reaction to these people was usually something along the lines of this:"That's absolutely crazy! There's no way you could ever lose weight and keep it off using this method.""That's absolutely crazy! There's no way you could ever lose weight and keep it off using this method."I did the Atkins diet and honestly have not stayed on top of all the bazillion other low-carb diets out there. But there was something very odd about this plan that it made me look around to find out more about it.I did the Atkins diet and honestly have not stayed on top of all the bazillion other low-carb diets out there. But there was something very odd about this plan that it made me look around to find out more about it.Little did I know there was an actual book out there about this very diet so many people had been telling me about. It's called The Carbohydrate Addict's Diet and it was written by a husband/wife team Drs. Richard and Rachael Heller.Little did I know there was an actual book out there about this very diet so many people had been telling me about. It's called The Carbohydrate Addict's Diet and it was written by a husband/wife team Drs. Richard and Rachael Heller.The CAD diet, as it is referred to, makes the claim (and I agree with it) that many people are addicted to carbohydrates and need to be weaned off from depending on them for sustenance. Just like a drug addict gets small concentrated doses of their preferred drug daily so they can eventually get by with less and less, that same concept is what goes into the CAD diet.The CAD diet, as it is referred to, makes the claim (and I agree with it) that many people are addicted to carbohydrates and need to be weaned off from depending on them for sustenance. Just like a drug addict gets small concentrated doses of their preferred drug daily so they can eventually get by with less and less, that same concept is what goes into the CAD diet.If people think the Atkins diet is restrictive, then check out what you have to do on the CAD diet:If people think the Atkins diet is restrictive, then check out what you have to do on the CAD diet:BREAKFAST: ZERO-carb meal consisting of protein and fat.LUNCH: ZERO-carb meal consisting of protein and fat.LUNCH: ZERO-carb meal consisting of protein and fat.You are NOT allowed to eat any bread, fruit, milk, juice, and most starchy vegetables. Absolutely NO snacking whatsoever except for black coffee or diet soda. You cannot use artificial sweeteners either.You are NOT allowed to eat any bread, fruit, milk, juice, and most starchy vegetables. Absolutely NO snacking whatsoever except for black coffee or diet soda. You cannot use artificial sweeteners either.Sound appealing, anyone? Hmmm? I suppose if that's all there was to this diet, then NOBODY would do it. But there is one more key aspect of the CAD diet that you probably will be interested in. Sound appealing, anyone? Hmmm? I suppose if that's all there was to this diet, then NOBODY would do it. But there is one more key aspect of the CAD diet that you probably will be interested in. DINNER: Eat equal amounts of protein, vegetables and dessert of whatever you want to eat in whatever amount, but it must be eaten in a one-hour time frame. You can even enjoy a beer or glass of wine with your "reward" meal.DINNER: Eat equal amounts of protein, vegetables and dessert of whatever you want to eat in whatever amount, but it must be eaten in a one-hour time frame. You can even enjoy a beer or glass of wine with your "reward" meal.How's that for incentive? You basically starve all day long just so you can get to those sixty minutes at the end of your day where you can say hello to the buffet line! Who wouldn't enjoy a diet that lets you do THAT?!How's that for incentive? You basically starve all day long just so you can get to those sixty minutes at the end of your day where you can say hello to the buffet line! Who wouldn't enjoy a diet that lets you do THAT?!Well, I'm still very skeptical about any lifestyle change that encourages you to eat the very foods that got you overweight or obese to begin with on a DAILY basis. I caught a lot of flack from my fellow low-carbers about my controversial "planned splurge" meal every 6-8 weeks during my weight loss. However, the Hellers give you a DAILY planned splurge!!! What's up with that?Well, I'm still very skeptical about any lifestyle change that encourages you to eat the very foods that got you overweight or obese to begin with on a DAILY basis. I caught a lot of flack from my fellow low-carbers about my controversial "planned splurge" meal every 6-8 weeks during my weight loss. However, the Hellers give you a DAILY planned splurge!!! What's up with that?We can blame this on Dr. Rachael, who stumbled upon this way of eating when she weighed 268 pounds after being on diet after diet. She became a psychologist to learn more about why people overeat (ostensibly to help herself in the process, too). She had skipped breakfast and lunch on a particular day she was fasting for a blood test and then, like most of us would, ate to her heart's content whatever she wanted for supper. The next morning she noticed she had dropped 2 pounds.We can blame this on Dr. Rachael, who stumbled upon this way of eating when she weighed 268 pounds after being on diet after diet. She became a psychologist to learn more about why people overeat (ostensibly to help herself in the process, too). She had skipped breakfast and lunch on a particular day she was fasting for a blood test and then, like most of us would, ate to her heart's content whatever she wanted for supper. The next morning she noticed she had dropped 2 pounds.Thinking something must have gone wrong with her scale, she tried it again the next day, skipping breakfast and lunch and then eating a gargantuan dinner and once again, she lost another pound. She played around with what would eventually become The Carbohydrate Addict's Diet and went on to lose 150 pounds which she has kept off to this day.Thinking something must have gone wrong with her scale, she tried it again the next day, skipping breakfast and lunch and then eating a gargantuan dinner and once again, she lost another pound. She played around with what would eventually become The Carbohydrate Addict's Diet and went on to lose 150 pounds which she has kept off to this day.The frequency of eating carbohydrates is the key behind the CAD diet. The Hellers believe that anyone who consumes ANY amount of carbohydrates during the day will set off all the bells and whistles in your body that you are hungry faster than if you avoided them altogether. They say that eating carbs throughout the day is like giving lots of small doses of cocaine to a cocaine addict. It will make them crave their poison even more!The frequency of eating carbohydrates is the key behind the CAD diet. The Hellers believe that anyone who consumes ANY amount of carbohydrates during the day will set off all the bells and whistles in your body that you are hungry faster than if you avoided them altogether. They say that eating carbs throughout the day is like giving lots of small doses of cocaine to a cocaine addict. It will make them crave their poison even more!That's why you basically avoid eating carbs on the CAD diet until the end of the day. This process of getting over carbohydrate addiction is a tricky one, and the Hellers think they have found a solid plan for making it work for lasting weight loss in people.That's why you basically avoid eating carbs on the CAD diet until the end of the day. This process of getting over carbohydrate addiction is a tricky one, and the Hellers think they have found a solid plan for making it work for lasting weight loss in people.I still can't get around the fact that you don't change the poor eating habits of the people who have packed on the pounds. Sure, they basically starve themselves throughout the day before they eat their one BIG meal each day, but how is that stimulating the metabolism and preventing the biggest obstacle to weight loss success -- HUNGER!I still can't get around the fact that you don't change the poor eating habits of the people who have packed on the pounds. Sure, they basically starve themselves throughout the day before they eat their one BIG meal each day, but how is that stimulating the metabolism and preventing the biggest obstacle to weight loss success -- HUNGER!There's no way I could do the CAD diet because I enjoy eating every 2-3 hours to keep my digestive process constantly in motion. I truly believe this is one of the things that has helped me lose the weight and keep it off. Since you cannot snack or use artificial sweeteners on the CAD diet, it would literally drive me insane even if there was that "reward" meal at the end of the day!There's no way I could do the CAD diet because I enjoy eating every 2-3 hours to keep my digestive process constantly in motion. I truly believe this is one of the things that has helped me lose the weight and keep it off. Since you cannot snack or use artificial sweeteners on the CAD diet, it would literally drive me insane even if there was that "reward" meal at the end of the day!Wanna take a test to see if you are a carb addict? Click here to take the 10-question Carbohydrate Addict's Test. I scored a 2, which means "You do not appear to be carbohydrate addicted." No kidding, ya think?Wanna take a test to see if you are a carb addict? Click here to take the 10-question Carbohydrate Addict's Test. I scored a 2, which means "You do not appear to be carbohydrate addicted." No kidding, ya think?Dr. Jonny Bowden, author of Living The Low-Carb Life, examined the CAD diet and said the diet uses some fuzzy science to make their points about why their plan works.Dr. Jonny Bowden, author of Living The Low-Carb Life, examined the CAD diet and said the diet uses some fuzzy science to make their points about why their plan works."While it seems pretty clear that there are both insulin and serotonin abnormalities in the obese, it's not at all clear that high levels of insulin depress levels of serotonin, as the Hellers hypothesize--in fact, the majority of the evidence points to the opposite response.""While it seems pretty clear that there are both insulin and serotonin abnormalities in the obese, it's not at all clear that high levels of insulin depress levels of serotonin, as the Hellers hypothesize--in fact, the majority of the evidence points to the opposite response."Furthermore, Dr. Bowden said he is concerned about the lack of attention on exercise as part of their weight loss program, stating "it's vital to both maintaining weight and to raising the metabolic rate."Furthermore, Dr. Bowden said he is concerned about the lack of attention on exercise as part of their weight loss program, stating "it's vital to both maintaining weight and to raising the metabolic rate."While The Carbohydrate Addict's Diet has worked for a lot of people and I always tell people to do what works for them to lose weight and keep it off, I still have my reservations about this program. I think I'll pass on carb-loading my body for one hour a day
 This book is just plain stupid. If it works for people and helps them lose weight I realize they will be estatic. However, it is not healthy. Each of our meals should be balanced. These people are promoting unbalanced eating. The reason so many of us are carb sensitive is because we have spent a lifetime over indulging on carbs! If one were to sit down and eat each meal with balanced food groups, including complex carbs in small amounts, we would not only lose weight in a safe manner, but we would heal our bodies from the inside out. This diet won't heal us, it is a fad. If anyone is looking to really heal their metabolism, lose weight and even heal disease, try reading "The Schwarzbein Principle" by Diana Schwarzbein, MD. That is a great book on how to heal diabetes, hypoglycemia, and many other things. It also explains how eating balanced and giving up stimulants will not only help us lose weight, but reverse aging and stop having food cravings in the first place. This book promotes eating unhealthy foods and is only about weight loss, not getting healthy.
 No wonder John Gardner didn't write more fiction books.  He was far too preoccupied with what he believes makes good fiction, rather than actually writing it.  "Creative atrophy" I believe John Gardner himself would call it.  If there's ever been a better example of the "those who can't do, teach" argument, I haven't encountered it.  This is hardly the place a "Young Writer" should start.  Instead, how about reading what you like and avoiding "ignoramouses" such as John Gardner?  John Gardner is unable to accept the fact that many of the world's finest writers never made it through college, and many more didn't have the luxury of a "rigorous classical education."   The most hilarious part is where Gardner mentions that only through a line-by-line university level discussion will anybody ever be able to fully enjoy Shakespeare.  It's interesting to note how Gardner, who "taught" creative writing at the university level, fails to exhibit the critical thinking and objectivity he says one can only obtain through a college education
 This was originally published in 1911 and promulgates the author's task management system.  This was the beginning of the "scientific management" line of research and so is widely credited as being the first management science book.  The essay certainly provides an interesting window into an earlier time.  He also illustrates how implementation of management tools requires leadership for success.  Still, a reader shouldn't plan on taking away a great many lessons not available from other sources.  The book should appeal mainly to those specialists working in the field and to historians rather than most readers
 I know a lot of people liked this book, but it didn't work for me. The main character and his buddies run around like chickens with their heads cut off, acting as if they have committed a huge crime. The problem is, they didn't. There is no crime. I talked to several cops and a prominent defense attorney about this plot, and it makes no sense. It would make sense if someone comes after the McGuffin, early on, but no one does, not until very late in the book. So most of the story has no foundation.
 If Tony Hillerman wrote this novel (novella actually), I sure can't tell. I have been a Chee/Leaphorn fan for many years, but this novel is not in the same league with Hillerman's other work. It is reminiscent of a 'B' movie. Instead of building suspense, the plot is laid out all too plainly, the characters are unreal, and the Chee/Bernie romance doesn't ring true.  I am amazed that it was published
 I gave this book two stars because the book was a little boring and dragged on in some areas. The best information was in the margins and the quotes not really any of the information in the book. I have read: Carolyn, Bill, and Amy's books and I want to give this one a try. I gave this book two stars because the book was a little boring and dragged on in some areas. The best information was in the margins and the quotes not really any of the information in the book. I have read: Carolyn, Bill, and Amy's books and I want to give this one a try. This book is truly for The Apprentice TV lover but if you are looking for business advice this is not the book for you
 Really tried to like this book. Premise was grand; story bobbed and weaved; conclusion was flimsy. Discursive scientific literalizations distract & disorient. Crichton breaks the rule to never stanch the flow. I dislike the quartet of scientists who investigate the outbreak; they don't come across to the reader as likeable
 I couldn't read past the second chapter.  Roberts is just perpetuating the same old stereotypes about Muslims.  It really steamed me that she used a verse of the Quran out of context for the title page of "The Bitter".  "Your wives are your fields, so go to your fields as you like" isn't meant as a justification of sexual abuse and has never been interpreted as so by real scholars of the Quran.  I'm not going to finish this book, because I'd rather not be reminded of how much I am viewed as some sort of exotic, oppressed "other" type of woman, thanks.I couldn't read past the second chapter.  Roberts is just perpetuating the same old stereotypes about Muslims.  It really steamed me that she used a verse of the Quran out of context for the title page of "The Bitter".  "Your wives are your fields, so go to your fields as you like" isn't meant as a justification of sexual abuse and has never been interpreted as so by real scholars of the Quran.  I'm not going to finish this book, because I'd rather not be reminded of how much I am viewed as some sort of exotic, oppressed "other" type of woman, thanks.
 This was one of five books that I brought from Amazon.com and by far the worst of the lot.  This man has one idea about how the government really works.  Take it from me I have been with the IRS for five years
 I bought this book while rushing through an airport terminal needing something to read on the plane.  Not one of my better decisions.  Very wordy, and the dialogue is so clipped and stilted it's totally absurd -- reminds me of the way the cops talked in "Dragnet."  We are talking zero development of characters.  Perhaps Mr. Woods feels he doesn't need to give any depth to characters that he's been writing about in previous books.  Well, he's wrong.  You basically just don't care about these people.  They aren't real, and they talk weird.  Not much action either, unless you count actions like:  they got in the car; they got in the boat; they got in the plane.  You get the picture.  This is another case of a well-known author throwing something together so he can get it on the newsstand and rob you of your money.  Don't fall into his trap like I did.  There are a lot better books out there.
 Should Martha Rules have included any information regarding her going to prison as a "business decision"? I would have been interested in reading about the pr strategy used in this "criminal spectacle" designed to make the question of Martha/Mdiddy's innocence a moot point. Are honest business practices being pushed to the side? By normalizing, generalizing, and minimalizing Martha/Mdiddy's crimes, are we loosing our morality? How important is integrity to a leader...former CEO of a company?Be "thoughtful
 Mine got unsuspended with the second boyfriend's death.  Mine got unsuspended with the second boyfriend's death.  I am a great fan of Nora Roberts and really looked forward to this book.  Believe me, it is not one of her best.I am a great fan of Nora Roberts and really looked forward to this book.  Believe me, it is not one of her best.I started off admiring her setting and characterization of the Hale family, but, then, this went on way too long.  It also took way too long to get to the real story. The middle of the book bogged down to the point that I had to make myself keep reading, which is very unusual for Nora Roberts.I started off admiring her setting and characterization of the Hale family, but, then, this went on way too long.  It also took way too long to get to the real story. The middle of the book bogged down to the point that I had to make myself keep reading, which is very unusual for Nora Roberts.Much of the plot was over the top unbelievable.  How many boyfriends of one person can be killed?  The 20 year mystic connection with Bo doesn't quite come off, either.Much of the plot was over the top unbelievable.  How many boyfriends of one person can be killed?  The 20 year mystic connection with Bo doesn't quite come off, either.I'll certainly remain a great fan of Roberts, but no one's perfect, I guess.I'll certainly remain a great fan of Roberts, but no one's perfect, I guess.I'll certainly remain a great fan of Roberts, but no one's perfect, I guess.I'll certainly remain a great fan of Roberts, but no one's perfect, I guess.
 I found this book very boring. Tyler does a good job on detailing the charictors but I kept waiting for something to happen. Poor Maryam never developed into a person she was so caught up in trying to be a properAmerican. I will read another of her books since she is so well thought of
 This book is not as good as i thought it would be.  I hope i have better readings with Bryan Tracy's Advance selling
 I am by no means an economist, and much less an expert on finance, but this book strikes me as a thinly veiled, unsubtle hatchet job on the efficient markets hypothesis.  I've seen much subtler discussions of the Efficient Market Hypothesis written for general audiences, enough of them so I can recognize that Lowenstein doesn't get it; he equates efficient markets with "the price that the market offers is always the intrinsic value," and not with "you can't reliably predict intrinsic value any better than market prices themselves do."  This is a crucial difference, because it is only by assuming that market efficiency is the first that his attack holds water.I am by no means an economist, and much less an expert on finance, but this book strikes me as a thinly veiled, unsubtle hatchet job on the efficient markets hypothesis.  I've seen much subtler discussions of the Efficient Market Hypothesis written for general audiences, enough of them so I can recognize that Lowenstein doesn't get it; he equates efficient markets with "the price that the market offers is always the intrinsic value," and not with "you can't reliably predict intrinsic value any better than market prices themselves do."  This is a crucial difference, because it is only by assuming that market efficiency is the first that his attack holds water.The other thing that makes me very suspicious about this book is the way Lowenstein presents the character of the various people involved in the story, given what his sources are.  Reading between the lines, I just have to wonder if his description of the personality and character of the people he describes as the core folks at LTCM is much too informed by interviews with people who've had a falling out with them
 Inspired by his uncle, Eddie, who worked at an amusement park, Albom writes a well-coordinated tale of people who connect here and in the afterlife, which is described by him as a very materialistic ambience. The concept is old: a better life beyond and a reason for the people with whom you cross paths. There are concepts to be learned from the five people. The story is delightful and cavalier.Inspired by his uncle, Eddie, who worked at an amusement park, Albom writes a well-coordinated tale of people who connect here and in the afterlife, which is described by him as a very materialistic ambience. The concept is old: a better life beyond and a reason for the people with whom you cross paths. There are concepts to be learned from the five people. The story is delightful and cavalier.Trish New, author of The Thrill of Hope and South State Street Journal
 This is a moderately well-spun book about the "No Spin Zone." Should be called the "Know Spin Zone" since really nothing in it is objective.  O'Reilly is a case-study in the typesubjective journalism that is prevalent in the media these days and the book shows this.  In other words it's a must read for everyone with the ability to see through it.  If you can't see through O'Reilly's bias then this book is poison
 One of the blurbs I read on the book jacket compared this book to Into Thin Air and The Perfect Storm. No way!. Those two books were edge-of-your-seat reading experiences. This account of a kayaking expedition is just plain boring. The action doesn't start until about halfway or more into the book and even then, the cliched writing and deification of Balf's subjects make this book very hard to get through. Unless you are a serious kayaking fan, I would not recommend this book
 Hey here's an idea. What if Hitler was right all along, only it is men, not jews, who are to blame for all the woes of the world. We should build a new Auschwitz and exterminate them all. Right Andrea? In my opinion, this is just as bad as any misogynist. It's ridiculous garbage like this that has set the women's liberation movement back for so long
 "The Glorious Cause" is the sequel to "Rise to Rebellion," and since the first novel was so good I eagerly dove into this one, but was disappointed to find it had nowhere near the same depth and quality of characterization. On a scale of 1 to 10, I give it a 4, as compared to the 8 I would give "Rise to Rebellion.""The Glorious Cause" is the sequel to "Rise to Rebellion," and since the first novel was so good I eagerly dove into this one, but was disappointed to find it had nowhere near the same depth and quality of characterization. On a scale of 1 to 10, I give it a 4, as compared to the 8 I would give "Rise to Rebellion."The events recounted in "Rise to Rebellion" involving the lead up to the Revolutionary War seemed so much more detailed and interesting, with a vast array of characters that were so colorful; John Adams, Paul Revere, Samuel Adams, Ben Franklin, and others. "The Glorious Cause" was not without its merits, but it seemed so much drier and less appealing, with a more narrow focus. It was far too long in some parts, to the point my attention wandered, and getting through it was a chore in some sections, unlike the preceding novel which seemed to turn its own pages. I listened to this book on audio tape during my commute, and often found myself impatiently trying to keep my focus upon the narrative while controlling my urge to fast forward to a livelier scene.The events recounted in "Rise to Rebellion" involving the lead up to the Revolutionary War seemed so much more detailed and interesting, with a vast array of characters that were so colorful; John Adams, Paul Revere, Samuel Adams, Ben Franklin, and others. "The Glorious Cause" was not without its merits, but it seemed so much drier and less appealing, with a more narrow focus. It was far too long in some parts, to the point my attention wandered, and getting through it was a chore in some sections, unlike the preceding novel which seemed to turn its own pages. I listened to this book on audio tape during my commute, and often found myself impatiently trying to keep my focus upon the narrative while controlling my urge to fast forward to a livelier scene.One element I felt truly slighted by was the coverage of Benedict Arnold and his defection to the British cause. I assumed this would be one of the lengthier and more rewarding sections of the book, but it zipped by fairly rapidly with little genuine immersion into the subject material.One element I felt truly slighted by was the coverage of Benedict Arnold and his defection to the British cause. I assumed this would be one of the lengthier and more rewarding sections of the book, but it zipped by fairly rapidly with little genuine immersion into the subject material.A mark of a good book is how I feel when I have finished reading it - if I am disappointed I have reached the end of the story, then I know it was time well spent. Getting to the end of "The Glorious Cause" felt more like finishing some particularly grueling outdoor project; it was uncomfortable work, and now that I'm done I feel I can do something a bit more interesting. Because Shaara did such a good job with "Rise to Rebellion" I don't feel my lack of appeal for this book is his responsibility; perhaps the subject matter didn't complement my taste as well. I prefer interesting historial detail over tepid, droning battle descriptions, and I feel the differences between those two categories represent perfectly the differences between "Rise to Rebellion" and "The Glorious Cause.
 do yourself a favor - don't waste your time with this book
 If you're thinking of reading this book, let me save you some time--don't.  I like a good literary read as much as the next guy (really), and make it a point to read all the Pulitzer winners, but this book, in perfectly plain English, sucked.  There is no plot, no beginning, middle or end, and is so tedious and boring that I actually started reading it from the back forward.  It didn't help, but it didn't make a wit of difference either.  Do your self a favor and skip it
 Not as good as &quot;Entre Nous&quot; - less fun and more acedemic. But even then it is not a well written essay. The few good salient points are repeated too often, and with not much creativity or development
 "The Other Boleyn Girl" and "The Queen's Fool" are two of the best books I've ever read--and I've read a LOT of books, especially about this period, which especially fascinates me. They were gripping to the end, and my involvement with the characters was complete--true masterpieces. So whenever a new book by Philippa Gregory comes out, I buy it, hoping to have the same experience, and lately have been sorely disappointed. "The Virgin's Lover" fell flat, and now I am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged, must give it up. One reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly--that is always an easy guess, however it depends on the writer. Anthony Trollope, for instance, was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed. That may or may not be the case with Gregory. I know, as a writer myself, that there are times when the work flows out, feeling almost as if it's channeled from another source, and times when it's harder, more mechanical. The more challenging situations are those when I'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject. So to me, neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse. They feel forced, constructed. I'm going back to Trollope
 I listened to this as an audiobook.  This is the worst book I've ever listened to from Audible.  The worst.  The narration is just too, too cutesy sweet and the writing is junior high quality at best. Unfortunately, I keep hearing Emperor Franz Josef in Amadeus saying, "It has, well, too many notes."  Barr describes everything  (including clothes, hair, shoes, etc) with multiple metaphors, a plethora of adjectives, and, well, too many notes.  I kept yelling at the author to just shut up and tell the story.I listened to this as an audiobook.  This is the worst book I've ever listened to from Audible.  The worst.  The narration is just too, too cutesy sweet and the writing is junior high quality at best. Unfortunately, I keep hearing Emperor Franz Josef in Amadeus saying, "It has, well, too many notes."  Barr describes everything  (including clothes, hair, shoes, etc) with multiple metaphors, a plethora of adjectives, and, well, too many notes.  I kept yelling at the author to just shut up and tell the story.I tried three times to listen to it and just wanted to scream after 10 minutes.  I've heard this woman read other books and quite liked them, but her voice and this story just don't add up to anything other than ear pain and a case of diabetes.I tried three times to listen to it and just wanted to scream after 10 minutes.  I've heard this woman read other books and quite liked them, but her voice and this story just don't add up to anything other than ear pain and a case of diabetes.Where's Michael Connelly when you need him
 I am a Nevada Barr fan and was unfortunately disappointed with "High Country."  The story takes place in a restaurant (boring). The characters were dull and I kept getting them confused. Anna's constant thinking of how old she feels is tiresome. I also missed Anna's sister, Molly, who is only mentioned a few times in the book. I am a Nevada Barr fan and was unfortunately disappointed with "High Country."  The story takes place in a restaurant (boring). The characters were dull and I kept getting them confused. Anna's constant thinking of how old she feels is tiresome. I also missed Anna's sister, Molly, who is only mentioned a few times in the book. Sorry, but I really can't recommend this book as a good read. If you want to get a feel for a real Anna Pigeon adventure, pick up "Track of the Cat" or "Liberty Falling.
 This is the same old tired suggestions for cleaning up your clutter.  The suggestions given are to install custom made draws that double and triple pull out.  The suggestion for the pantry was to organize cans from little to big (duh) and then group like items together (duh) that's in every single organizing book published so this one is not different than any other.  Also the other suggestion was to install a pull out swinging triple door pantry system.  Oh is that affordable? If I had $75,000 to redo my kitchen I would install the fancy garbage bin that pulls out of the cabinet and the double drawer pot rack with side lid bins.  Come on, don't waste your money on this book or it's suggestions.  Very few pictures and all for the rich.  I thought Good Housekeeping was for the everyday family.  Get it at the library and then return it after you don't read it. 
 Hmm, quite a disappointment, especially after splurging on the hardcover edition.  Set as a kind of "Rockies Rear Window," this is one slow story.  Endless pages of crazy-making when I'd already guessed the outcome about halfway through.  Finally skipped ahead to finish the book.  I had really looked forward to Angels Fall, too :(  If you are a Roberts fan, don't spend the money on the hardcover, wait for the paperback, go to the library, or borrow from a friend.  Not worth the price.
 Hmm, quite a disappointment, especially after splurging on the hardcover edition.  Set as a kind of "Rockies Rear Window," this is one slow story.  Endless pages of crazy-making when I'd already guessed the outcome about halfway through.  Finally skipped ahead to finish the book.  I had really looked forward to Angels Fall, too :(  If you are a Roberts fan, don't spend the money on the hardcover, wait for the paperback, go to the library, or borrow from a friend.  Not worth the price.It was Mark Twain who popularized the aphorism of Benjamin Disraeli that there are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics.  I kept hearing all these marvelous things about FREAKONOMICS, a book by Steven Levitt and Stephen Dubner, so when I ran across it at 25% off, I did a stupid freakin' thing and bought it.  I thought, What the freak, I've got a pretty inquisitive mind and I'm open to seeing things differently, to discovering new viewpoints.It was Mark Twain who popularized the aphorism of Benjamin Disraeli that there are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics.  I kept hearing all these marvelous things about FREAKONOMICS, a book by Steven Levitt and Stephen Dubner, so when I ran across it at 25% off, I did a stupid freakin' thing and bought it.  I thought, What the freak, I've got a pretty inquisitive mind and I'm open to seeing things differently, to discovering new viewpoints.The doubt started early when I got the book home and I first noticed the glowing comments on the dust jacket from the likes of Time, The New York Times, The Washington Post, and The Los Angeles Times.  When all of the liberal news agencies are lining up to tell me how wondrous a certain publication is, I'm immediately going to be freakin' suspicious.  Author Malcolm Gladwell tells us on the cover, "Prepare to be dazzled."  Well, evidently Ol' Malcolm is dazzled a whole lot easier than I am.  (I won't even mention the smug mug of Stephen Dubner that taunted me from the book's dust jacket because I don't want you to get the idea that I judge a book by its cover.  Or in this case, a writer by his physiognomy.  So I won't mention that.)The doubt started early when I got the book home and I first noticed the glowing comments on the dust jacket from the likes of Time, The New York Times, The Washington Post, and The Los Angeles Times.  When all of the liberal news agencies are lining up to tell me how wondrous a certain publication is, I'm immediately going to be freakin' suspicious.  Author Malcolm Gladwell tells us on the cover, "Prepare to be dazzled."  Well, evidently Ol' Malcolm is dazzled a whole lot easier than I am.  (I won't even mention the smug mug of Stephen Dubner that taunted me from the book's dust jacket because I don't want you to get the idea that I judge a book by its cover.  Or in this case, a writer by his physiognomy.  So I won't mention that.)If you're the kind of person who is amazed to learn that 70% of auto accidents occur within 10 miles of a driver's home, then you just MIGHT be dazzled by FREAKONOMICS.  If I tell you that the company that issues its 5-day-a-week employees only 3 uniform shirts, thinking that it is cutting costs, is probably increasing its overhead, and this fact astounds you  - if you must ask "But how?" - then yes, buy FREAKONOMICS and be dazzled.  Mostly what FREAKONOMICS offers (when its conclusions can be trusted) is just what we used to call "common sense."  But since America has been reduced to a bunch of corpulent, brain-dead zombies staring vacuously at that box of SURVIVORS, and AMERICAN IDOLS, and LOST knuckleheads, good old-fashioned common sense now appears to dazzle the dead (when you can sever them from that box and put a real book in their hands, that is).If you're the kind of person who is amazed to learn that 70% of auto accidents occur within 10 miles of a driver's home, then you just MIGHT be dazzled by FREAKONOMICS.  If I tell you that the company that issues its 5-day-a-week employees only 3 uniform shirts, thinking that it is cutting costs, is probably increasing its overhead, and this fact astounds you  - if you must ask "But how?" - then yes, buy FREAKONOMICS and be dazzled.  Mostly what FREAKONOMICS offers (when its conclusions can be trusted) is just what we used to call "common sense."  But since America has been reduced to a bunch of corpulent, brain-dead zombies staring vacuously at that box of SURVIVORS, and AMERICAN IDOLS, and LOST knuckleheads, good old-fashioned common sense now appears to dazzle the dead (when you can sever them from that box and put a real book in their hands, that is).I dove into FREAKONOMICS hoping to find my purchase worthwhile.  I got no further than page 13 when my fears were realized: everything would require second-guessing and verifying.  On that page, Smug Mug tells us (based on a single report by the Institute Of Medicine) that "drinking eight glasses of water a day has never actually been shown to do a thing for your health."  Fortunately, I read YOUR BODY'S MANY CRIES FOR WATER by Doctor F. Batmanghelidj over a decade ago so I already knew what a bunch of bunk that was.I dove into FREAKONOMICS hoping to find my purchase worthwhile.  I got no further than page 13 when my fears were realized: everything would require second-guessing and verifying.  On that page, Smug Mug tells us (based on a single report by the Institute Of Medicine) that "drinking eight glasses of water a day has never actually been shown to do a thing for your health."  Fortunately, I read YOUR BODY'S MANY CRIES FOR WATER by Doctor F. Batmanghelidj over a decade ago so I already knew what a bunch of bunk that was.In chapter 4, Smug Mug "proves" that legalizing abortion in 1973 with the Roe v. Wade decision was responsible for a national drop in the crime rate.  This represents the centerpiece of his book, both literally and ideologically.  The first thing the reader must accept is that there really has been a significant drop in crime since the early 1990s.  On page 92, the author acknowledges that the police in Atlanta were discovered to be underreporting crime in the early `90s in hopes of landing the 1996 Olympics.  Well, would police forces nationally have an incentive to underreport crime generally if it has actually dramatically increased since the `90s as predicted?  True, being honest might be means to an increased budget, but it sure would make your department appear inept and unable to maintain control.  And surely the Chamber Of Commerce and the big business interests would frown on that public perception.  Let me ask, do YOU actually feel you're less likely to be the victim of a crime now than you did in the early 1990s?  That's funny, me neither.  There's so much crime now that some of what was once reported to the police agencies goes unreported, and recently, an ex-police officer friend told me that cops can no longer engage in some of the micro-policing they were able to do in the `80s and `90s because crime is so out-of-control now.In chapter 4, Smug Mug "proves" that legalizing abortion in 1973 with the Roe v. Wade decision was responsible for a national drop in the crime rate.  This represents the centerpiece of his book, both literally and ideologically.  The first thing the reader must accept is that there really has been a significant drop in crime since the early 1990s.  On page 92, the author acknowledges that the police in Atlanta were discovered to be underreporting crime in the early `90s in hopes of landing the 1996 Olympics.  Well, would police forces nationally have an incentive to underreport crime generally if it has actually dramatically increased since the `90s as predicted?  True, being honest might be means to an increased budget, but it sure would make your department appear inept and unable to maintain control.  And surely the Chamber Of Commerce and the big business interests would frown on that public perception.  Let me ask, do YOU actually feel you're less likely to be the victim of a crime now than you did in the early 1990s?  That's funny, me neither.  There's so much crime now that some of what was once reported to the police agencies goes unreported, and recently, an ex-police officer friend told me that cops can no longer engage in some of the micro-policing they were able to do in the `80s and `90s because crime is so out-of-control now.In dismissing other possible factors responsible for the huge drop in crime (if this claim is a verity), Dubner states that increased police personnel accounts for only 10% of the drop.  Having a bit more insight into the nature of police work than does the average civilian, it's funny that I find myself even contending with the stats Smug Mug uses that actually WORK AGAINST his theory: I believe the wide-scale hiring of police officers since the early `90s could have impacted the crime rate only minimally - less than the 10% - while actually increasing the municipal coffers via traffic citations significantly.  And Dubner concludes that right-to-carry firearm laws "simply don't bring down crime."  (Be sure to read the utterly fascinating book, GUNFIGHTERS, HIGHWAYMEN & VIGILANTES by Roger D. McGrath, for a decidedly different and scholarly viewpoint!)In dismissing other possible factors responsible for the huge drop in crime (if this claim is a verity), Dubner states that increased police personnel accounts for only 10% of the drop.  Having a bit more insight into the nature of police work than does the average civilian, it's funny that I find myself even contending with the stats Smug Mug uses that actually WORK AGAINST his theory: I believe the wide-scale hiring of police officers since the early `90s could have impacted the crime rate only minimally - less than the 10% - while actually increasing the municipal coffers via traffic citations significantly.  And Dubner concludes that right-to-carry firearm laws "simply don't bring down crime."  (Be sure to read the utterly fascinating book, GUNFIGHTERS, HIGHWAYMEN & VIGILANTES by Roger D. McGrath, for a decidedly different and scholarly viewpoint!)In dismissing all explanations for the unexpected drop in crime except legalized abortion, I didn't notice any mention of the tremendous increase in homeschooling and the proliferation of private schools since the early `90s, and I wonder if that might have some statistical bearing.  Ya think?   Yes, I think Smug Mug is selective.  He calls some abortions a "crude and drastic sort of insurance policy."  Not "immoral."  Not "sinful."  But then I didn't expect Smug Mug to call a sin a sin.  In dismissing all explanations for the unexpected drop in crime except legalized abortion, I didn't notice any mention of the tremendous increase in homeschooling and the proliferation of private schools since the early `90s, and I wonder if that might have some statistical bearing.  Ya think?   Yes, I think Smug Mug is selective.  He calls some abortions a "crude and drastic sort of insurance policy."  Not "immoral."  Not "sinful."  But then I didn't expect Smug Mug to call a sin a sin.  And even if Levitt and Dubner's hypothesis is correct, that abortions have lowered crime, the fact remains that not every aborted child would have eventually murdered an innocent person, but every aborted child was an innocent person murdered.  So why are we even discussing this?  I'll tell you why: because the pro-choice folks can feel a slightly shifting consensus, and now they're pulling out all the stops, trying to "statistically" convince the masses that they're safer with all those unborn potential criminals missing.  I find this repulsive!  (And there are studies indicating that those missing people have, and will continue to have, a negative economic impact on society.)And even if Levitt and Dubner's hypothesis is correct, that abortions have lowered crime, the fact remains that not every aborted child would have eventually murdered an innocent person, but every aborted child was an innocent person murdered.  So why are we even discussing this?  I'll tell you why: because the pro-choice folks can feel a slightly shifting consensus, and now they're pulling out all the stops, trying to "statistically" convince the masses that they're safer with all those unborn potential criminals missing.  I find this repulsive!  (And there are studies indicating that those missing people have, and will continue to have, a negative economic impact on society.)I won't even go into chapter 5, What Makes A Perfect Parent?  Suffice to say that as usual (surprise! surprise!) all the statistics Dubner employs nearly always seem to confirm the rightness of the liberal dogma on each issue.  Funny how those crunched numbers always crunch conservative beliefs.  Just know that if you're a working mother, you haven't cheated your child in the least, but if you're a dad who thinks that an occasional spanking is in order, you are "unenlightened."  If your kid is watching lots of TV, it isn't turning the "child's brain to mush."  (No word on whether or not it's turning his/her morals to mush though.)  And the studies (that we are called to pay attention to) show "that a child's character wasn't much affected whether or not he was sent to day care, whether he had one parent or two, whether his mother worked or didn't, whether he had two mommies or two daddies or one of each."  (I've often wondered what might have happened to me if my Mom, who was home most of the time, hadn't been there to hammer the dangers of drugs into my head day after day, year after year, while I was growing up in the `60s and `70s.)I won't even go into chapter 5, What Makes A Perfect Parent?  Suffice to say that as usual (surprise! surprise!) all the statistics Dubner employs nearly always seem to confirm the rightness of the liberal dogma on each issue.  Funny how those crunched numbers always crunch conservative beliefs.  Just know that if you're a working mother, you haven't cheated your child in the least, but if you're a dad who thinks that an occasional spanking is in order, you are "unenlightened."  If your kid is watching lots of TV, it isn't turning the "child's brain to mush."  (No word on whether or not it's turning his/her morals to mush though.)  And the studies (that we are called to pay attention to) show "that a child's character wasn't much affected whether or not he was sent to day care, whether he had one parent or two, whether his mother worked or didn't, whether he had two mommies or two daddies or one of each."  (I've often wondered what might have happened to me if my Mom, who was home most of the time, hadn't been there to hammer the dangers of drugs into my head day after day, year after year, while I was growing up in the `60s and `70s.)I've given FREAKONOMICS two stars because I did find the section on the naming of children very interesting, as well as the story of Stetson Kennedy's fight against the "three Ks."  But if you're smarter than I am, you'll borrow this book from your library rather than paying money for it.  Economically speaking, that's just "common cents."
 The back cover to this book was intriguing, and captured me immediately. The writing, however, was so plodding, so inconsistent, and so non-sequential that it was painful to get through to the end. This is aside from the fact that this man appears to be socially inept and unable to manage his affairs from day to day.  I can't believe that this book made it past the editors.  In one paragraph Jon Katz tells how Rose is the only dog for the job of helping him capture his runaway herd of sheet, and in the next he says that Rose is too young to herd sheep.  In one paragraph he can't live without his wife, she gives his very existence meaning, and throughout the book he describes how he lives apart from her in order to...what was it again?  Oh, right, herd sheep!  At one point the dog he loves the most is also the one he can't connect to and finally gives away.  And then can't stop visiting, even though everyone knows how confusing that would be to a dog. And why is he wondering why the world looks at grown men funny when they hang around too much with teenage boys - there's a reason, Jon!The back cover to this book was intriguing, and captured me immediately. The writing, however, was so plodding, so inconsistent, and so non-sequential that it was painful to get through to the end. This is aside from the fact that this man appears to be socially inept and unable to manage his affairs from day to day.  I can't believe that this book made it past the editors.  In one paragraph Jon Katz tells how Rose is the only dog for the job of helping him capture his runaway herd of sheet, and in the next he says that Rose is too young to herd sheep.  In one paragraph he can't live without his wife, she gives his very existence meaning, and throughout the book he describes how he lives apart from her in order to...what was it again?  Oh, right, herd sheep!  At one point the dog he loves the most is also the one he can't connect to and finally gives away.  And then can't stop visiting, even though everyone knows how confusing that would be to a dog. And why is he wondering why the world looks at grown men funny when they hang around too much with teenage boys - there's a reason, Jon!If you care at all about literarure, stay away from this book
 From the remarks at this site, people either love this novel or hate it. I hated it. I hated it for the reason that it represents all that is bad about MFA program writing in the last 30 years. The emphasis is entirely on STYLE. Forget story. Forget that your reader needs some reason to be reading the narrative. Just throw out and string together wonderful language and the reader will follow you anywhere. Some of this thinking goes back to Henry James, some of it goes back to Virginia Woolf who was so terrified of books with plots or dominating conceits (like H.G. Wells' THE TIME MACHINE). The first 100 pages of this novel are about a real estate deal and the people to whom Frank Bascombe is trying to sell a property. It's brilliantly written. In fact, it's so brilliantly written that I had a lot of problems seeing a former sportswriter being so introspective and articulate about his life, his loves, and the region of the country he inhabits. This book has no driving plot. In fact, it's an arbitrarily chosen conceit: what happens on July 4th in the life of one guy. It's not James Joyce's ULYSSES nor is it trying to be, but EVERY thought this man has is in this book. And none of it is related to a plot or story or any reason whatever why a person--any perso--should pick up the book. From the remarks at this site, people either love this novel or hate it. I hated it. I hated it for the reason that it represents all that is bad about MFA program writing in the last 30 years. The emphasis is entirely on STYLE. Forget story. Forget that your reader needs some reason to be reading the narrative. Just throw out and string together wonderful language and the reader will follow you anywhere. Some of this thinking goes back to Henry James, some of it goes back to Virginia Woolf who was so terrified of books with plots or dominating conceits (like H.G. Wells' THE TIME MACHINE). The first 100 pages of this novel are about a real estate deal and the people to whom Frank Bascombe is trying to sell a property. It's brilliantly written. In fact, it's so brilliantly written that I had a lot of problems seeing a former sportswriter being so introspective and articulate about his life, his loves, and the region of the country he inhabits. This book has no driving plot. In fact, it's an arbitrarily chosen conceit: what happens on July 4th in the life of one guy. It's not James Joyce's ULYSSES nor is it trying to be, but EVERY thought this man has is in this book. And none of it is related to a plot or story or any reason whatever why a person--any perso--should pick up the book. Indeed, that seems to be the crux. I read this book because it was by Richard Ford, a man whom all of my colleagues in the mainstream fiction world revere. You must read this book, they said. So I did. And I consider it an extraordinary waste of my time. To be sure, this is a judgment call, but I'm allowed to make it. EVERY reader is allowed to make that call. But I know I'm in the minority in this. This book is supposed to be one of the greatest American novels of the last 25 years. But will it be so in another 25 years? Are novels now only to be interior monologues (which Virginia Woolf preferred and said so in her essay "Modern Fiction")? Indeed, that seems to be the crux. I read this book because it was by Richard Ford, a man whom all of my colleagues in the mainstream fiction world revere. You must read this book, they said. So I did. And I consider it an extraordinary waste of my time. To be sure, this is a judgment call, but I'm allowed to make it. EVERY reader is allowed to make that call. But I know I'm in the minority in this. This book is supposed to be one of the greatest American novels of the last 25 years. But will it be so in another 25 years? Are novels now only to be interior monologues (which Virginia Woolf preferred and said so in her essay "Modern Fiction")? Perhaps our values are changing. Perhaps the MFA programs in this country are correct in only cultivating style rather than story. But what it eventually evolves into is a form of narcissism, wherein the author writes at length, putting on the page all of his or her thoughts about whatever and we're supposed to . . . what? Applaud it? Perhaps our values are changing. Perhaps the MFA programs in this country are correct in only cultivating style rather than story. But what it eventually evolves into is a form of narcissism, wherein the author writes at length, putting on the page all of his or her thoughts about whatever and we're supposed to . . . what? Applaud it? I believe that the authors we'll remember will be the natural storytellers. I don't think Richard Ford is one of them. But, man, he sure can write
 This was the first Hard Case publication book that I have tried.  It won't be the last, but I was hardly impressed with King's story.  This was the first Hard Case publication book that I have tried.  It won't be the last, but I was hardly impressed with King's story.  I don't so much mind having a story with no ending (I got the point even without the author's afterword that was obviously meant to propitiate his regular readers who he correctly feared would be disappointed by this latest work), but couldn't King have given more of a mystery?  That is, after all, what is expected of a crime-mystery book.  I can't believe that I was asking too much.  Instead, I was treated to 178 pages of "Welcome to Maine!"  
 I'm an avid reader of history, as well as processing a degree in the subject.  So imagine my surprise when, after receiving this book from a friend of mine for Christmas, I read the erroneous account of the Children's Crusade of 1212.  I had done research on this topic, so I was horrified to read the completely inaccurate account of what occurred.  Had the author not read any historical analysis on the subject from the last 50 years?  If he had, he would have realized that there were actually two crusades - one consisting of mainly French people led by Stephen of Cloyes who, when told to turn back by King Philip II, did so.  That ended that crusade.  The other one, led by a shepherd from Germany named Nicholas, led a group across the Alps into Italy.  Some left for home while others continued on to Rome.  It's interesting to note that in Rome, many received dispensations from their crusading vows because these "children" were either too old or because they were pregnant.  Perhaps until relatively recently, people believed in the Children's Crusade because it represented a morality play or because some historians gave too much credit to chronicles (like Chronica Albrici monachi Trium Fontium) which were written long after the crusade supposedly occurred, rather than relying on more contemporary sources.  Nor did they realize that the latin word "pueri" used in the chronicles can have several meanings (such as unmarried men rather than  children). I'm an avid reader of history, as well as processing a degree in the subject.  So imagine my surprise when, after receiving this book from a friend of mine for Christmas, I read the erroneous account of the Children's Crusade of 1212.  I had done research on this topic, so I was horrified to read the completely inaccurate account of what occurred.  Had the author not read any historical analysis on the subject from the last 50 years?  If he had, he would have realized that there were actually two crusades - one consisting of mainly French people led by Stephen of Cloyes who, when told to turn back by King Philip II, did so.  That ended that crusade.  The other one, led by a shepherd from Germany named Nicholas, led a group across the Alps into Italy.  Some left for home while others continued on to Rome.  It's interesting to note that in Rome, many received dispensations from their crusading vows because these "children" were either too old or because they were pregnant.  Perhaps until relatively recently, people believed in the Children's Crusade because it represented a morality play or because some historians gave too much credit to chronicles (like Chronica Albrici monachi Trium Fontium) which were written long after the crusade supposedly occurred, rather than relying on more contemporary sources.  Nor did they realize that the latin word "pueri" used in the chronicles can have several meanings (such as unmarried men rather than  children). In the final analysis, you just can't rely on books like these to really teach you history.  The best you can do is read what they tell you and then try to verify it.  If only the author had bothered to check the History Channel's own account of the Children's Crusade on their website, or perhaps read the excellent paper done by Peter Raedts in the Journal of Medieval History, or even just checked out the brief but accurate entry online in wikipedia.  The book gave two pages to this event, and sadly got it completely wrong.In the final analysis, you just can't rely on books like these to really teach you history.  The best you can do is read what they tell you and then try to verify it.  If only the author had bothered to check the History Channel's own account of the Children's Crusade on their website, or perhaps read the excellent paper done by Peter Raedts in the Journal of Medieval History, or even just checked out the brief but accurate entry online in wikipedia.  The book gave two pages to this event, and sadly got it completely wrong.For this gross oversight, I am compelled to give it one star.  Readers of history, never just believe what you read - verify
 The "bottom-line" on "Brainless" is that one has to be "brainless" to take time to read Coulter's writings, and even more brainless to waste the time to read an analysis of them.  The "bottom-line" on "Brainless" is that one has to be "brainless" to take time to read Coulter's writings, and even more brainless to waste the time to read an analysis of them.  Yes, it is mildly interesting to learn of Coulter contradictions (eg. bashes the elite, then takes on Harriet Miers - partly because she didn't go to an elite law school, and "I believe everything I say," vs. "Most of what I say, I say to amuse myself and amuse my friends."  And then there are the infinite number of brainless "Coulterisms" and unsupported assertions - eg. "public schools have more sex scandals per year than Catholic priests - thirty times more," "Liberals lie about the science on stem-cell research because they warm to the idea of destroying human embryos," "I've never seen people enjoying their (9/11) husbands' deaths so much."  On the other hand, Maguire really doesn't have that much to say that IS INTERESTING!Yes, it is mildly interesting to learn of Coulter contradictions (eg. bashes the elite, then takes on Harriet Miers - partly because she didn't go to an elite law school, and "I believe everything I say," vs. "Most of what I say, I say to amuse myself and amuse my friends."  And then there are the infinite number of brainless "Coulterisms" and unsupported assertions - eg. "public schools have more sex scandals per year than Catholic priests - thirty times more," "Liberals lie about the science on stem-cell research because they warm to the idea of destroying human embryos," "I've never seen people enjoying their (9/11) husbands' deaths so much."  On the other hand, Maguire really doesn't have that much to say that IS INTERESTING!On the other hand, if you hadn't figured out already that there is someting seriously wrong with Ann Coulter - this book won't help.  Save your money and your time
 ...are incorrect and that his fractal models are much better. Of course if his models were worth more than the paper they're written on Mandelbrot wouldn't have to write books like this because he'd be cleaning out everyone else's wallets on the stock market. In particular, if it's true that extreme events are more unlikely than most people think then he could easily exploit this with a suitable derivative. But the fact is, Mandelbrot doesn't know anything that countless other traders don't already know. So instead Mandelbrot is forced to resort to telling people how smart he is through his books rather than actually being smart enough to make a killing on Wall Street....are incorrect and that his fractal models are much better. Of course if his models were worth more than the paper they're written on Mandelbrot wouldn't have to write books like this because he'd be cleaning out everyone else's wallets on the stock market. In particular, if it's true that extreme events are more unlikely than most people think then he could easily exploit this with a suitable derivative. But the fact is, Mandelbrot doesn't know anything that countless other traders don't already know. So instead Mandelbrot is forced to resort to telling people how smart he is through his books rather than actually being smart enough to make a killing on Wall Street.But I am glad I read this book. Having seen Mandelbrot 'on tour' a few years ago I developed a strong prejudice against him. But reading this book has convinced me that my prejudice is entirely justified. He can never just state a fact. Instead he always has a to phrase it as "my work shows that..." or "I demonstrated that..." even if he makes the same claim again and again. If he can try to take credit for other people's work he'll do so. He even managed to find someone to write an introduction for the book who was prepared to refer to the Levy distribution as the Mandelbrot-Levy distribution. The most egregious example of self-aggrandisement has to be the caption to a picture of the Brooks-Metelsky-Mandelbrot set where he mentions that two mathematicians only scaled part way up his 'Everest' of this set and received Fields medals for this work - the implication of course being that Mandelbrot has actually seen the view from the summit. Disgustingly he doesn't even deign to mention the names of these mathematicians.But I am glad I read this book. Having seen Mandelbrot 'on tour' a few years ago I developed a strong prejudice against him. But reading this book has convinced me that my prejudice is entirely justified. He can never just state a fact. Instead he always has a to phrase it as "my work shows that..." or "I demonstrated that..." even if he makes the same claim again and again. If he can try to take credit for other people's work he'll do so. He even managed to find someone to write an introduction for the book who was prepared to refer to the Levy distribution as the Mandelbrot-Levy distribution. The most egregious example of self-aggrandisement has to be the caption to a picture of the Brooks-Metelsky-Mandelbrot set where he mentions that two mathematicians only scaled part way up his 'Everest' of this set and received Fields medals for this work - the implication of course being that Mandelbrot has actually seen the view from the summit. Disgustingly he doesn't even deign to mention the names of these mathematicians.One time I criticised Mandelbrot publicly and someone responded by pointing out how many peer reviewed papers he had published so he can't be all bad. But in this book Mandelbrot actually reveals to us how he used his social network to work around the peer review system. Astonishing!One time I criticised Mandelbrot publicly and someone responded by pointing out how many peer reviewed papers he had published so he can't be all bad. But in this book Mandelbrot actually reveals to us how he used his social network to work around the peer review system. Astonishing!I think it's also worth pointing out that there are some interesting ideas in this book and so it's not completely valueless. But I found the discussion of multifractal time methods (which make up a large part of the book) to generate plausible looking but fake price charts to be a bit pointless. I work in computer graphics and use similar methods to generate random surface detail all the time, but it doesn't mean I have a deep understanding of the statistics of random surfaces. It just means I know how to fool the eye
 To cover all the problems with continuity, logic, theology, geography and plain common sense in _Left Behind_ would take a whole book.  One hardly knows where to start.To cover all the problems with continuity, logic, theology, geography and plain common sense in _Left Behind_ would take a whole book.  One hardly knows where to start.Perhaps it is too early to assess the damage that will be done to Christian religion by this trashy novel.  As such, it isn't even a decent trashy novel; instead of steamy sex scenes, we get sanctimonious sermonizing.  Worse than that, what the authors have done is to turn the powerful imagery of the Bible into a cheap comic book, ignoring its spiritual messages in favor of promoting a self-centered preoccupation with getting a ticket to heaven before it's too late.Perhaps it is too early to assess the damage that will be done to Christian religion by this trashy novel.  As such, it isn't even a decent trashy novel; instead of steamy sex scenes, we get sanctimonious sermonizing.  Worse than that, what the authors have done is to turn the powerful imagery of the Bible into a cheap comic book, ignoring its spiritual messages in favor of promoting a self-centered preoccupation with getting a ticket to heaven before it's too late.The comic book aspect can not be overemphasized.  Even if you suspend disbelief enough to accept the rapture scenario (an idea with virtually no scriptural support), little in the characters' actions, thought processes or dialog rings true.  One gets the impression that the book was hastily thrown together by a junior high school student.  God ends up looking like the ultimate villain, demanding that you hurry up and get yourself and your friends on his side Or Else.The comic book aspect can not be overemphasized.  Even if you suspend disbelief enough to accept the rapture scenario (an idea with virtually no scriptural support), little in the characters' actions, thought processes or dialog rings true.  One gets the impression that the book was hastily thrown together by a junior high school student.  God ends up looking like the ultimate villain, demanding that you hurry up and get yourself and your friends on his side Or Else.Whatever happened to the inspiring Christian writers of yesteryear?  Who is the present-day equivalent of C. S. Lewis, or Catherine Marshall, and why aren't they getting more attention?  These were writers who actually made you THINK.  LaHaye and Jenkins seem to believe that thinking is the last thing God wants us to be doing; they hardly miss a chance to put down anyone with any hint of intelligence or independent thought.  They show no interest in answering the sort of hard questions that surviving non-believers in such a world might ask.  One wonders if they have ever met a non-believer at all, or witnessed the aftermath of a disaster for that matter.Whatever happened to the inspiring Christian writers of yesteryear?  Who is the present-day equivalent of C. S. Lewis, or Catherine Marshall, and why aren't they getting more attention?  These were writers who actually made you THINK.  LaHaye and Jenkins seem to believe that thinking is the last thing God wants us to be doing; they hardly miss a chance to put down anyone with any hint of intelligence or independent thought.  They show no interest in answering the sort of hard questions that surviving non-believers in such a world might ask.  One wonders if they have ever met a non-believer at all, or witnessed the aftermath of a disaster for that matter.These days, it seems as if all the media attention is on the likes of Ann Coulter or Pat Robertson, whose mission seems to be to turn Christianity into a twisted, bigoted caricature of what it once was.  Perhaps all the great religious thinkers really have been raptured.  If _Left Behind_ is an example of the sort of writing that we can expect from Christian writers, then it is the church itself that is in danger of being left behind
 While this book contains a ton of data, don't get it if you want calorie counts on anything homemade.  If you look up french toast, for example, it only gives information on name brand items.  Much of the information in the book is available on the packaging of the products.  I suppose that if you wanted to check it before shopping, or use it before eating out, it would be helpful.  But if you want to find out the caloric content of any homemade items, you are out of luck with this book
 This book was selected by my book club. I had never read Anna Quindlen before.  Rise and Shine was a disappointment to me.  I kept hoping that Meghan would somehow be redeemed, but that did not happen.  She is really not very likeable.  I thought there would have been more of a dialog between the sisters concerning Leo's tradgedy.  Meghan blamed her sister in one line and then it was never brought up again.  The book left me with an empty feeling.  It was not a satisfying read
 In addition to the fact that I, too, felt that I was enduring a commercial for DFA, I was annoyed by the fact that this book is nothing more than a rehash of The Only Guide to a Winning Investment Strategy You'll Ever Need: Index Mutual Funds and Beyond - The Way Smart Money Invests Today, Swedroe's May, 1998 book. He introduces a small number of new studies and illustrations, but if you've read the first book, there's no reason to look at this one
 American Pastoral was repetitious to the Nth degree. I read the Human Stain a few years ago, and it was good.  But, in Pastoral, the reader is put through a zillion permutations of possible dialogs between the Swede and a psychoanalyst, and between his daughter Merry and a psychoanalyst, but absent the psychoanalyst: Roth is our psychoanalyst. What he misses, however, is that we simply have to realize that interpersonal dynamics are sometimes beyond our control. The Swede never failed as a father; rather, he failed because he couldn't let go of his sense of responsibility for her
 I received a book that I didn't even order.  The one I ordered is yellow and white ( 3th edition).  THis isn't the one I ordered; therefore, I need a refund.I sent the book back and I know the seller received it on 8/19
 It is sad that this is what passes for political commentary now.  Coulter's work demonstrates exactly the potential danger for degrading society and disdain for thinking that people like Ms. Coulter piously/hypocritically rail against.  She will happily take the same formula to the bank time and again.  Why must political discussion turn to childish name calling in order to convince self-selected audiences of something they already want to believe.   Pitiful rants here.  If you are in it for fun or don't care that you are getting a skewed, sensationalist opinion, maybe you should read a few paragraphs of this in the book store.  But for something better, why not go for an intelligent book that takes an even handed, analytical approach, rather than buy into the opinions of a new breed of political analyst (on both right and left) that race to produce the most extreme charactures of any political philosophy they do not happen to agree with.  
 I had to read Jared Diamond's Pulitzer prize winning book because of the rave reviews and acclaim. The thoughts that he introduces in the book are certainly interesting and he presents us with a new way to interpret history which is certainly important. However, there is much overkill in making points about the development of each civilization - crops are the major topic with little discussion on guns, germs (more than the other 2), and steel. Of course the arguement for this focus is that the domestication of crops is how civilizations develop guns, germs and steel. I enjoyed parts of the book considerably, but you would have to have a strong interest in horticulture and botany to truely appreciate the book. I guess I was spoiled by first reading his sequel to GGS, "Collapse" - a terrific read that should be of interest to everyone -it relates our industrialization to every aspect of the environment and show historically how this has shaped history. It has major rammifications for our situation on this earth right now. -RK
 When the truth about 911 is known he must not escape justice. He is a criminal and must be treated like one. Christian Peper 
 Hal Abelson is responsible for a famous epigram, "If I haven't seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on my shoulders."Hal Abelson is responsible for a famous epigram, "If I haven't seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on my shoulders."This book is solidly enough written, but it's a cut-down, shallow rehash of a few justly famous functional programming textbooks.  The first is Abelson and Sussman's "Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs"; the second, Bird and Wadler's "Introduction to Functional Programming".This book is solidly enough written, but it's a cut-down, shallow rehash of a few justly famous functional programming textbooks.  The first is Abelson and Sussman's "Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs"; the second, Bird and Wadler's "Introduction to Functional Programming".If you want to really learn deep truths about programming, go buy those two books.  If they leave you scratching your head about how to transmogrify what you learn into Perl, buy Schwartz's "Perls of Wisdom"
 Author La Guardia mentions how the Lemba of Africa have the Jewish gene. Fine! But when he deals (in several pages mind you)with the Falashas (also of Africa) he never mentions that genetic studies have positively shown these Jews NOT to be descended from the 12 Tribes of Israel despite the Falashas's longtime rep for possibly being a Lost Tribe of Israel which, again, has now been 100% disproven through genetic studies
 Just a reminder that this guy cheated on his wife around the same time Clinton was being pounded for his indiscretions.  Sean Hannity, early in his book "Let Freedom Ring" reminded us of how Bill Clinton tainted the office of the presidency and then not two paragraphs later noted how Morris was a good friend of his (Hannity's) and then led into negative opinions on Morris of Clinton.  Didn't bother to mention anything about Morris doing the exact same thing- and this little worm woulda lied with his palm on the Ark of the Covenant so don't give me (...) about the lame@ss lying under oath Republican punk.  (...) hyprocrite!  
 I first read passages from this book in college.  I can now see how liberal professors very much enjoy using this book to influence young minds.  Professor Zinn is a far left author.  He uses the usual lines: America generally bad, communism generally good.  Obviously Mr. Zinn has the right to write whatever he wants, and his writing style is very convincing.  However, if the reader investigates the facts, many holes become visible in his theories.  Those who agree and disagree with his writings should explore opposite viewpoints.  A good example is "Intellectual Morons : How Ideology Makes Smart People Fall for Stupid Ideas by Daniel J. Flynn" which gives the reader a good profile of Mr. Zinn.
 Poorly proof read and obfuscatingly written, this book had the potential to clarify for the many the importance of Black's contributions.  It was a frustrating read due to lack of clarity and lack of simple explanations about the significance of Black's work
 I agree with the reader(s) who said this book totally contradicts itself and seems thrown-together, as if no one proofread it.  In one chapter she'll recommend something; then later on she'll tell you it's ineffective and/or dangerous!  She gives a long, long list of herbal supplements that are supposed to aid weight loss -- but she just repeats all the advertisers' claims without any comments, recommendations or opinions of her own.  Personally I think most natural/ herbal supplements are a ripoff, but if she had given any testimonials by people who've found them to work, I might consider trying them. On the whole, this book is a waste of money
 What a complete and utter waste of time.  Its obvious how these guys got dubbed the nutroots
 I've been a fan of Heinlein's SF for just about as long as I've been an SF fan at all (somewhere around thirty-five years). But when I read this collection some twenty-odd years ago, it nearly turned me off to the old man altogether.I've been a fan of Heinlein's SF for just about as long as I've been an SF fan at all (somewhere around thirty-five years). But when I read this collection some twenty-odd years ago, it nearly turned me off to the old man altogether.The fiction is pretty good (although even that isn't Heinlein's best). But to describe the nonfiction accurately, I'd have to use words that Amazon will remove from the review anyway.The fiction is pretty good (although even that isn't Heinlein's best). But to describe the nonfiction accurately, I'd have to use words that Amazon will remove from the review anyway.For the most part, the pieces collected here represent a side of Heinlein I strongly dislike. Though I respect _Starship Troopers_, it's never going to be my favorite Heinlein novel no matter how many times we quibble over the precise definition of "fascism" -- and I'm not going to have much respect for the nonfiction in this collection.For the most part, the pieces collected here represent a side of Heinlein I strongly dislike. Though I respect _Starship Troopers_, it's never going to be my favorite Heinlein novel no matter how many times we quibble over the precise definition of "fascism" -- and I'm not going to have much respect for the nonfiction in this collection.And mind you, it's not because I disagree with Heinlein's opinions; it's because he gave bad arguments for them and called other people nasty names when they differed. Some of the stuff collected here is tendentious to the point of being propagandistic. (At least in his fiction, he was able to create characters with points of view that differed from his and get into their heads well enough to present them sympathetically -- in short, to grok them. Not here, boy.)And mind you, it's not because I disagree with Heinlein's opinions; it's because he gave bad arguments for them and called other people nasty names when they differed. Some of the stuff collected here is tendentious to the point of being propagandistic. (At least in his fiction, he was able to create characters with points of view that differed from his and get into their heads well enough to present them sympathetically -- in short, to grok them. Not here, boy.)Heinlein (who bought into the Korzybski/General Semantics fad pretty early on) spent a lot of years dismissing philosophers as tailchasers who derive their premises from their conclusions. But his own attempt at philosophy, as represented here in e.g. "The Pragmatics of Patriotism", is very nearly the worst writing on ethical philosophy I've ever seen.Heinlein (who bought into the Korzybski/General Semantics fad pretty early on) spent a lot of years dismissing philosophers as tailchasers who derive their premises from their conclusions. But his own attempt at philosophy, as represented here in e.g. "The Pragmatics of Patriotism", is very nearly the worst writing on ethical philosophy I've ever seen.Then, too, people who knew Heinlein report that despite his overall gentlemanly demeanor, he could be pretty churlish toward people who disagreed with him. Well, he's certainly unpleasant here; anybody who doesn't agree with him on the need for massive nuclear buildup is dismissed as a poltroon or a custard-head. Even in the unlikely event that I thought he were _right_, I wouldn't find this a very helpful approach.Then, too, people who knew Heinlein report that despite his overall gentlemanly demeanor, he could be pretty churlish toward people who disagreed with him. Well, he's certainly unpleasant here; anybody who doesn't agree with him on the need for massive nuclear buildup is dismissed as a poltroon or a custard-head. Even in the unlikely event that I thought he were _right_, I wouldn't find this a very helpful approach.Perhaps more surprisingly, his popular writings on _science_ aren't very good. Asimov's reputation as the "great explainer" is in no danger here.Perhaps more surprisingly, his popular writings on _science_ aren't very good. Asimov's reputation as the "great explainer" is in no danger here.This volume is second only to _Grumbles from the Grave_ in cementing Heinlein's posthumous reputation as a rather mean-spirited fellow whose fictional characters were generally much better company than he was. When I want Heinleinian company, I'll stick to D.B. Davis, Manuel Garcia O'Kelly Davis, and (maybe) Lazarus Long.This volume is second only to _Grumbles from the Grave_ in cementing Heinlein's posthumous reputation as a rather mean-spirited fellow whose fictional characters were generally much better company than he was. When I want Heinleinian company, I'll stick to D.B. Davis, Manuel Garcia O'Kelly Davis, and (maybe) Lazarus Long.And when I want to read some humane nonfiction by an SF master, I'll still turn to Asimov. I credit Heinlein with three magisterial novels, several imperfect-but-great ones, and a good number of brilliant short stories. But the stuff in this book should have stayed in his drawer
 I have to say I truly hated this book. The premise sounded interesting so I decided to give it a try.  I've read all her other books in the series and found the characters to be quirky.  This time I found her usual friends and co-workers to be boring and self involved caricatures. The groundwork was there for an interesting serial killer with complex motivation but it never developed that way. The constant head hopping was annoying and the ending came out of nowhere.  Cromwell has obviously gotten bored with her characters and it shows.  This is my last Cromwell
 There isn't anything in this book that you won't find in Warren Buffett's annual letters to the shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway (available for free at the Berkshire Hathaway website).  If you've not read those letters then I suggest you get right to it - they clearly lay out Mr Buffett's approach to investing and are written in a very easy to read, humorous and homely style.There isn't anything in this book that you won't find in Warren Buffett's annual letters to the shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway (available for free at the Berkshire Hathaway website).  If you've not read those letters then I suggest you get right to it - they clearly lay out Mr Buffett's approach to investing and are written in a very easy to read, humorous and homely style.This book pulls many of the highlights from those letters together in one place and lays out some major tenets and themes that could be said to make an investment "Buffett like".  This book pulls many of the highlights from those letters together in one place and lays out some major tenets and themes that could be said to make an investment "Buffett like".  If you're not familiar with Warren Buffett and have not read his letters to the shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway - then you will likely find this to be a good introduction to Buffett.  Anybody else should probably steer clear as there isn't anything new here.
 "The Last River - The Tragic Race for Shangri-la".......Tragic. Yes I'd agree that this book is tragic.Tragic that I bothered reading it.....tragic that I paid for it in order to read it.....tragic that Todd wasted his time writing it......tragic that I disliked it so much that I can be bothered writing a review.The warning should have come upon examination of the back of the dust jacket. "Advance praise for The Last River" it reads. In retrospect this means no one is prepared to recommend the book after they have read it.It seems that Todd had a vision of how big a book needs to be, and went to great lengths to flesh out the story to reach his goal. So much of the content has so little relevancy to the story, that you soon tire trawling through it.This was my third Tsango experience. I do recommend the Outside documentary on the Lindgren expedition. "Hell or High Water" is not outstanding, but is worth a read, but on this book, my advise to Todd is please make this the Last River that you drag through the wringer
 This books should be called "The random thoughts of a rich old man."   It appears to me someone followed Mr. Buffet around and wrote down what ever he said then thought "how do I present this is a book?,  oh how about a random collection of dis-jointed thoughts! yea that's  it!!
 This book is great! Assuming you already have a Ph. D. in Political Science. Otherwise this book is best reserved for drop quoting, or light reference. The author shows bias towards the United States' form of  Democracy, as is to be expected in such a book. The simplistic nature makes  the reader annoyed more than informed. The childish approach is suited for  school children, but not as appropriate as other books for real analysis
 In his book, The Four Agreements, Don Miguel Ruiz, embodies four principles for experiencing personal freedom in life.  He says that we should be impeccable with our words, not to take anything personally, don't make assumptions, and to always do our best. The basis for some of the agreements we make with ourselves stem from early childhood training through a series of rewards and punishments from our parents.  He calls this process "domestication" (p. 6). Ruiz says that 95% of the beliefs we hold are nothing but lies and that most of our agreements are based upon the fear of rejection.  The agreements that he gives are meant to free us from the emotional bonds that get in the way of our personal energy and to transform our lives.In his book, The Four Agreements, Don Miguel Ruiz, embodies four principles for experiencing personal freedom in life.  He says that we should be impeccable with our words, not to take anything personally, don't make assumptions, and to always do our best. The basis for some of the agreements we make with ourselves stem from early childhood training through a series of rewards and punishments from our parents.  He calls this process "domestication" (p. 6). Ruiz says that 95% of the beliefs we hold are nothing but lies and that most of our agreements are based upon the fear of rejection.  The agreements that he gives are meant to free us from the emotional bonds that get in the way of our personal energy and to transform our lives.While there are various nuggets of truth throughout the book, some of it goes off into the abyss where he takes a thought and carries it to what I would consider to be to be an illogical conclusion. In some instances he uses biblical scripture to support his claims; however, in looking further, he takes some of the passages from the Bible out of context.  Some of his ideas are presented as if they were new ideas, but I would think most of us by a young age, should already an understanding of these principles. Although his book has been highly rated, I hold the position that Mr. Ruiz lacks credibility and logic as a writer, therefore, losing good standing with me as a reader.While there are various nuggets of truth throughout the book, some of it goes off into the abyss where he takes a thought and carries it to what I would consider to be to be an illogical conclusion. In some instances he uses biblical scripture to support his claims; however, in looking further, he takes some of the passages from the Bible out of context.  Some of his ideas are presented as if they were new ideas, but I would think most of us by a young age, should already an understanding of these principles. Although his book has been highly rated, I hold the position that Mr. Ruiz lacks credibility and logic as a writer, therefore, losing good standing with me as a reader.According to Ruiz, as children we are not given the opportunity to choose our own beliefs.  When we go against the rules we are punished (or rewarded for compliance). The fear of rejection leads us to agree with, or become something that we are not. In essence, we become a carbon copy of someone else, such as our parents.  He says our normal tendencies are lost and we judge other people based upon these agreements.  He boldly states, lacking statistical data to back it up, that 95% of our beliefs are based upon a lie (13).According to Ruiz, as children we are not given the opportunity to choose our own beliefs.  When we go against the rules we are punished (or rewarded for compliance). The fear of rejection leads us to agree with, or become something that we are not. In essence, we become a carbon copy of someone else, such as our parents.  He says our normal tendencies are lost and we judge other people based upon these agreements.  He boldly states, lacking statistical data to back it up, that 95% of our beliefs are based upon a lie (13).The implication is that we are merely nothing more than a society of mindless, "domesticated" individuals, hurting ourselves, judging and victimizing other people along the way.  This kind of thinking negates the teachings associated with parenthood and the positive aspects they bring to our lives. By his interpretation, if 95% of what we believe is a lie, then 95% of what our parents taught us is also a lie.  I would disagree.  There are many people who exist today as viable, productive members of society who I'm sure would point out they too became a copy of someone else's beliefs and values.  If these role models are only filling our heads with lies and teaching us how not to be ourselves, by his interpretation, we don't need parents, teachers, or leaders. He undermines our personal paradigms and omits that as adults we do have the ability to choose a different path, which I believe is our right of passage. By his rational we lose the ability to choose our own destiny.  Instead, we become victims of it.  One of the few things we agree upon is his first agreement, be impeccable with your word; however, he misquotes the bible (John 1:1) when he says "In the beginning was the word and the word was with God, and the word was God."  He uses it to epitomize the use of "word" as in what one speaks (26).  Looking a little further down in that passage, it also says "The word was made flesh and dwelt among us".  This passage is not talking about a form of speech, or speaking, but rather "Jesus Christ".  Christ became flesh and dwelt among us.  In that same chapter he says that "sin begins with rejection of yourself" (31).  However, in Christianity it says that sin is a transgression of the law (1 John 3:4) and that sin is neglecting to do God's will (James 4:7).  It's not about self, but about disobeying God's ordinances. While I agree that watching what we say is something we all need to strive for, this is not a new concept.  Most children have learned by the age of 6 that if you don't have something nice to say, don't say it at all.One of the few things we agree upon is his first agreement, be impeccable with your word; however, he misquotes the bible (John 1:1) when he says "In the beginning was the word and the word was with God, and the word was God."  He uses it to epitomize the use of "word" as in what one speaks (26).  Looking a little further down in that passage, it also says "The word was made flesh and dwelt among us".  This passage is not talking about a form of speech, or speaking, but rather "Jesus Christ".  Christ became flesh and dwelt among us.  In that same chapter he says that "sin begins with rejection of yourself" (31).  However, in Christianity it says that sin is a transgression of the law (1 John 3:4) and that sin is neglecting to do God's will (James 4:7).  It's not about self, but about disobeying God's ordinances. While I agree that watching what we say is something we all need to strive for, this is not a new concept.  Most children have learned by the age of 6 that if you don't have something nice to say, don't say it at all.In his second agreement, don't take anything personally; he says that nothing people do is because of you. While this is true to some degree, he leads the reader down a path of illogical extremes when he says that even if someone took a gun and shot you in the head, it was nothing personal.  So in essence, when Mary Jo Buttafuoco was shot by Amy Fisher, her expression of displeasure regarding Amy's behavior was nothing more than a fundamental form of projection because according to Ruiz "you are dealing with yourself, not me" (51).  No, realistically, Mary Jo Buttafuoco was shot because Amy Fisher wanted her dead. This kind of logic encourages victims to remain in dysfunctional relationships and perpetrators to continue abusing victims.  As an American, I'm glad that someone took 9/11 personally. According to Mr. Ruiz he takes neither destructive nor constructive criticism.  It seems arrogant to place myself so far above reproach, that I would turn a deaf ear to all forms of criticism.  When my College writing professor, gave me his opinion regarding my work, if I were following the authors line of reasoning, I would believe that my professor was "trying to poison my mind and was feeding me his emotional garbage" as Mr. Ruiz suggests (49). I would rather believe that my instructor has my best interests at heart and is seeking to teach me how to become a better writer.According to Mr. Ruiz he takes neither destructive nor constructive criticism.  It seems arrogant to place myself so far above reproach, that I would turn a deaf ear to all forms of criticism.  When my College writing professor, gave me his opinion regarding my work, if I were following the authors line of reasoning, I would believe that my professor was "trying to poison my mind and was feeding me his emotional garbage" as Mr. Ruiz suggests (49). I would rather believe that my instructor has my best interests at heart and is seeking to teach me how to become a better writer.Another agreement is about not making assumptions in life.  He says when we make assumptions, in essence, we create unnecessary drama.  Unfortunately we live in a world where that is not entirely possible.  Assumption is a necessary part of a thought and reason; even within the scientific community a hypothesis (or assumption) is formed in order to test a theory.  In order come to school each day I must make assumptions that my instructor has a college degree, and that he or she must be reliable enough in life to make it to work everyday.Another agreement is about not making assumptions in life.  He says when we make assumptions, in essence, we create unnecessary drama.  Unfortunately we live in a world where that is not entirely possible.  Assumption is a necessary part of a thought and reason; even within the scientific community a hypothesis (or assumption) is formed in order to test a theory.  In order come to school each day I must make assumptions that my instructor has a college degree, and that he or she must be reliable enough in life to make it to work everyday.In his forth agreement, always do your best, he claims it is based upon the actions of the other three agreements, stating they will only work if you do your best.  Again, these are fundamental principles that almost any child has learned.  In his forth agreement, always do your best, he claims it is based upon the actions of the other three agreements, stating they will only work if you do your best.  Again, these are fundamental principles that almost any child has learned.  While Ruiz does indeed present some viable ideas, his concepts begin to unravel when he doesn't back up his statements with facts, but instead takes a basic concept and follows an illogical line of reasoning to reach his final conclusion.  I can't completely discount everything that he says, but he lost credibility with me by some of his assumptions and weak rationalizations.
 Hart disputes O'Reilly's claim that the US "gives far and away more tax money for foreign coutries than anyone else....." by countering that per capita the U.S. is near the bottom of the list. O'Reilly wasn't quoted as saying "more tax money per capita".Hart disputes O'Reilly's claim that the US "gives far and away more tax money for foreign coutries than anyone else....." by countering that per capita the U.S. is near the bottom of the list. O'Reilly wasn't quoted as saying "more tax money per capita".More goofy reasoning by someone who ought to know better.More goofy reasoning by someone who ought to know better.More goofy reasoning by someone who ought to know better.
 After two weeks on this diet plan I could bearly lift my head up.  I nearly fell asleep driving home from work nights...not to mention hardly staying awake while at work.  I thought it would be a pleasant change from the restrictions of Atkins, but I was never tired on Atkins.  I don't know if it had something to do with insulin from the sudden onslaught of carbs...or what the problem was.  All I know is I am happily following Atkins and losing much more rapidly than I did on this CAD plan.  In two weeks I lost 6 lbs. on CAD...14 on Atkins.  You figure it out
 This book, above all others, reveals the breakdown of classical (libertarian) liberalism into the statist liberalism of today.  Although the first part of the work, being a refutation of Edmund Burke's silly  nonsense, is stellar, and is well worth reading.  Regardless, the second  part, the chapter on &quot;Ways and Means&quot; in particular, is composed  of the most despicable, anti-liberty doctrines that one can find.  What  Paine basically proposed was a late 18th century form of the welfare state,  replete with progressive taxation, subsidies for child birth, and other  fine statist amenities.  Thus, as all of these things are, in his words, to  be claimed as rights, the title of this book comes to mean nothing  whatsoever.  It is indeed sad that Thomas Paine has gained such an enduring  legacy as a friend to liberty.  In truth, he is actually one of its worst  enemies, as he combines a just zeal for resistance to oppression,  revolution, and reason, he sabotages his entire political philosophy
 I enjoy reading books of trivia and fun facts, but I didn't even make it through the first chapter before I put this book down in disgust. Almost every entry had to do with sex or male endowments. As I was flipping through the book, I found x-rated pictures and drawings that I would hate to have to explain to my children if they were to pick up this book. I never would have bought this book if I had seen it in a bookstore, and I regret throwing it in the trash before I could see if I could get my money back
 Anyone that knows anything about Milken knows that the guy created millions of jobs, and contributed much more to society than people like James Stewart, who often act like parasites at the expense of others.Anyone that knows anything about Milken knows that the guy created millions of jobs, and contributed much more to society than people like James Stewart, who often act like parasites at the expense of others.And what about Milken's life after this whole affair? I wonder what Stewart will write about in the sequel, since Milken has taken on a life of philanthropy basically unrivaled, and certainly contributes more to this country than most. Milken's creation of a liquid market for junk bonds allowed credit risk to be redistributed throughout the capital markets, effectively creating more capital, more jobs, and more wealth creation. And what about Milken's life after this whole affair? I wonder what Stewart will write about in the sequel, since Milken has taken on a life of philanthropy basically unrivaled, and certainly contributes more to this country than most. Milken's creation of a liquid market for junk bonds allowed credit risk to be redistributed throughout the capital markets, effectively creating more capital, more jobs, and more wealth creation. Anyone up and coming in IB, or looking to inform themselves of the 80's capital movement, please at least check out some other perspectives on the era. Anyone up and coming in IB, or looking to inform themselves of the 80's capital movement, please at least check out some other perspectives on the era. Note: These comments don't apply to Boesky or the arbs who were doing nothing but breaking the law. I would argue a strong distinction between Milken and most of the other characters in this book
 I recently saw this book on the bargain bin.  This book was pure garbage, by two arrogant 20-somethings in clown suits.  Basically they are saying valuations don't matter.  Since they wrote the book, it has been prooven that their philosophy, approached over the long term, produces some great damaging losses.  The book may be useful during the next bubble, which if history serves, will occur well after these clowns pass on to the big three-ring circus in the sky.  To the dungeon with these two knaves
 Our book club read this last month and not a single member had anything good to say about this book.  As the facilitator, I was surprise by the consensus since we usually have at least one or two members who love the monthly selection.  The writing is disjointed to the point that Ms. Krauss loses her reader.  Then when she introduces the potential that many of the chapters might just be imaginary interactions between the characters, the reader is left extremely frustrated.  I really cannot imagine how Ms. Krauss' novel has garnered so many stellar reviews
 I am having a hard time understanding why people have raved about this book.  I guess everyone is entitled to have loyal fans, but I just don't see what was great, or even good, about this story.I am having a hard time understanding why people have raved about this book.  I guess everyone is entitled to have loyal fans, but I just don't see what was great, or even good, about this story.Two teenagers enter a school and end up killing seven people.  They are caught, they confess, and the Grandmother of one of the killers hires Spenser to prove the boy's innocense.  We are given the impression a great mystery, with possible red herrings, is about to entertain us.  Alas, it is not to be.  The kids did it, plain and simple.  Why they did it is so stupid.  The story reads as though a sixth grader has written it.  The plot is lame, and even as lame as it is, it isn't executed well at all.Two teenagers enter a school and end up killing seven people.  They are caught, they confess, and the Grandmother of one of the killers hires Spenser to prove the boy's innocense.  We are given the impression a great mystery, with possible red herrings, is about to entertain us.  Alas, it is not to be.  The kids did it, plain and simple.  Why they did it is so stupid.  The story reads as though a sixth grader has written it.  The plot is lame, and even as lame as it is, it isn't executed well at all.The characters are boring and 2 dimensional.  The banter which takes place between the main character and others, while it seems to be trying to be witty, is just dumb and unbelievable.  I just can't say enough about how stupid this story is.  There are too many wonderful mystery authors out there writing gripping, intense works of fiction to waste your time on this one.  This is the first novel I have read by this author and will most definitely be my last
 Before purchasing Made in Detroit I read the reader reviews.  The reviews were so mixed that I decided against buying the book and checked it out of the library instead.  As it turns out I made the best decision.  All I can say is `thank you fellow reviewers'; this book was definitely not worth the purchase price.  My statement has nothing to do with the author's writing skills, he is a skilled writer.  It has everything to do with his lack of insight.  That Paul Clemens could live in a city and have such a skewed view of it is downright scary.  I read the book, waiting for Paul to have a revelation that would help him put the pieces of his life together and make peace with them.  But after 241 pages he was no more enlightened than he was on page one.  Blacks are caricatures whose sole role in life is to make Paul's life hard.  Women are peripheral characters who are barely given a voice.  He finds a way to put down and demean everyone who is not a white male in his book.  Before purchasing Made in Detroit I read the reader reviews.  The reviews were so mixed that I decided against buying the book and checked it out of the library instead.  As it turns out I made the best decision.  All I can say is `thank you fellow reviewers'; this book was definitely not worth the purchase price.  My statement has nothing to do with the author's writing skills, he is a skilled writer.  It has everything to do with his lack of insight.  That Paul Clemens could live in a city and have such a skewed view of it is downright scary.  I read the book, waiting for Paul to have a revelation that would help him put the pieces of his life together and make peace with them.  But after 241 pages he was no more enlightened than he was on page one.  Blacks are caricatures whose sole role in life is to make Paul's life hard.  Women are peripheral characters who are barely given a voice.  He finds a way to put down and demean everyone who is not a white male in his book.  If you are a white male who harbors secret racist feelings you will enjoy this book and it will validate your feelings.  If you are anyone else your reaction will no doubt range from mild boredom to outrage.  As I read this book I felt sadness, a profound sense of dismay and had some of my worse fears confirmed.  (There are white folks who actually still think like this.)  My hope is that the light comes on for Paul, he is still young.  If it does maybe he will share his insights with us.  
 The book jacket for "The Ruins" offers a can't-miss premise:  a group of post-grad American tourists at play in Mexico jump at the chance for a little adventure among Mayan ruins but find but then find themselves in unimaginable danger.  It's the stuff of great Summer thrillers ready to be taken to the beach.  But 319 pages later, the reader is left to wonder whether or not the publisher put the wrong book in the jacket.  The book jacket for "The Ruins" offers a can't-miss premise:  a group of post-grad American tourists at play in Mexico jump at the chance for a little adventure among Mayan ruins but find but then find themselves in unimaginable danger.  It's the stuff of great Summer thrillers ready to be taken to the beach.  But 319 pages later, the reader is left to wonder whether or not the publisher put the wrong book in the jacket.  Almost immediately, you'll notice that Smith's writing is as dense as the jungles that make the setting.  However, despite the endless stream of words, his descriptions are often threadbare.  Plus, there are no chapter breaks, which eventually pushes the pace until it feels like an assignment to continue.  Almost immediately, you'll notice that Smith's writing is as dense as the jungles that make the setting.  However, despite the endless stream of words, his descriptions are often threadbare.  Plus, there are no chapter breaks, which eventually pushes the pace until it feels like an assignment to continue.  Next, the characters themselves begin to fall flat.  There are only really two couples to keep track of, and yet it's difficult for the first third of the book to distinguish them.  There is little to keep you interested in what they're doing or why they might be doing it.  Smith's attempts at developing these four as characters come in fits and spurts.  This seems obviously haphazard and hurried - the author is jamming in backstory whenever needed to explain characters' actions as if he were patching leaks in a dam.  By the end of the book, the foursome seems to be as disinterested in each other as the reader is in them.  Next, the characters themselves begin to fall flat.  There are only really two couples to keep track of, and yet it's difficult for the first third of the book to distinguish them.  There is little to keep you interested in what they're doing or why they might be doing it.  Smith's attempts at developing these four as characters come in fits and spurts.  This seems obviously haphazard and hurried - the author is jamming in backstory whenever needed to explain characters' actions as if he were patching leaks in a dam.  By the end of the book, the foursome seems to be as disinterested in each other as the reader is in them.  And for the readers who are hoping to discover something of interest in the setting such as Mayan mythology or archeological lore, forget it.  Aside from language barriers with the locals, there is no reason why this fantastical story couldn't have been set in the wilds of the Rocky Mountains, the Saharan desert, or anywhere else.  The danger posed has nothing to do with Mexico, archeology or mythology at all.  And for the readers who are hoping to discover something of interest in the setting such as Mayan mythology or archeological lore, forget it.  Aside from language barriers with the locals, there is no reason why this fantastical story couldn't have been set in the wilds of the Rocky Mountains, the Saharan desert, or anywhere else.  The danger posed has nothing to do with Mexico, archeology or mythology at all.  Ah yes, the danger posed.  Well, I can't say much at all because anyone could give away the entire book with one line of explanation - that's how thin the plot is.  The numerous other reviews that fault this as a short story masquerading as a novel are exactly right.  Suffice it to say that when you do realize what the danger is (and you'll realize it well before any of the well-educated characters do), it's a real eye-roller, as if to say "I read this many pages for THIS?".Ah yes, the danger posed.  Well, I can't say much at all because anyone could give away the entire book with one line of explanation - that's how thin the plot is.  The numerous other reviews that fault this as a short story masquerading as a novel are exactly right.  Suffice it to say that when you do realize what the danger is (and you'll realize it well before any of the well-educated characters do), it's a real eye-roller, as if to say "I read this many pages for THIS?".By the time the story concludes, it's more irritating than suspenseful.  The characters take so long to blithely undertake any course of action at all that you'll start rooting against them.  Eventually scenes of gore start piling up in an obvious and lazy attempt to interject some action, but even aside from being misdirected, it's too little too late.  By the time the story concludes, it's more irritating than suspenseful.  The characters take so long to blithely undertake any course of action at all that you'll start rooting against them.  Eventually scenes of gore start piling up in an obvious and lazy attempt to interject some action, but even aside from being misdirected, it's too little too late.  This book could have been an adventure, a supernatural thriller, a survival tale, or a horror screenplay.  It could have even taken the high road as an examination on people's reactions to situations of extreme stress:  some take the lead, even enjoying the challenge, while others whither into a shell of hopelessness.  But none of the possibilities ever come to fruition in this disappointing effort. 
 The book THE LOST CONTINENT is an amazing captivating read.  Bryson is truly brilliant in his descriptions.  This CD totally KILLS that.  First of all the narrator reads at a mile a minute, sometimes to the point where you can't understand him.  And second, they abridged the CRAP out of it, cutting some of the most interesting commentary and actually cutting the entire SECOND HALF of the book!  While the book is amazing, this particular recording of it should be avoided at all costs
 I found this book very boring. Tyler does a good job on detailing the charictors but I kept waiting for something to happen. Poor Maryam never developed into a person she was so caught up in trying to be a properAmerican. I will read another of her books since she is so well thought of
 What a waste of time. This was like sitting through a very boring business course. I was never interested in turning the page. I would have liked to see more of Carly personal side and maybe some human aspect to this story.Instead I felt like a robot was telling this story.Very much of how great her business style was and very little about anything else. I forced myself to finish this. A huge diaappointment.Don't waste your money
 I am a huge fan of Kathy Reichs' novels and of the TV Series, Bones. However, this book was quite a disappointment to me. I did not care for the way the author wrote dialogue -- Brennan's dialog is not that simplimatic on the TV program, and she certainly would never say, "Where at!?" The author way overused the joke where Brennan did not "know what that means."I am a huge fan of Kathy Reichs' novels and of the TV Series, Bones. However, this book was quite a disappointment to me. I did not care for the way the author wrote dialogue -- Brennan's dialog is not that simplimatic on the TV program, and she certainly would never say, "Where at!?" The author way overused the joke where Brennan did not "know what that means."All I could think of was how much better this novel would have been if written by Reichs herself.All I could think of was how much better this novel would have been if written by Reichs herself.I started to jot down the holes in the story but quit after a while
 This is a badly written, repetitive and self-serving account, largely, of the foolishness of &quot;portflio insurance.&quot; That things which are &quot;just like&quot; something else may not be so in reality, and that  magic fixes in the market (which after all fly in the face of the  rational-expectations/efficient-market hypotheses which often are built  into the view of the market being relied on) I guess needs to be pointed  out regularly, since hope of quick, uninformed, and painless fixes seem to  reoccur with each new wave of financial charlatans and the greed they feed  on. Jacobs does point out such problems for a particular, rather bizarre  episode, and suggests, not too coherently, that such &quot;scams&quot; are  still prevalent. However, He does this in a horribly repetitive and  self-laudatory way that is not really very clearly argued
 design of book is very poor--pictures totally unclear and print is crowded making it impossible to focus on the story.  The translations are not bad but there is no effort to organize the material and put it in contex
 AGELESS BODY is Deepak's attempt to neutralize the word "old" as in old age.  The writer has a knack for making common words, like "body, "mind" and "self," into profound concepts.  His technique is to overlay his abstract ideas with suggestive experimental studies.  But ambiguity in interpreting these studies abound.AGELESS BODY is Deepak's attempt to neutralize the word "old" as in old age.  The writer has a knack for making common words, like "body, "mind" and "self," into profound concepts.  His technique is to overlay his abstract ideas with suggestive experimental studies.  But ambiguity in interpreting these studies abound.If you like poetry, Deepak may be your read: "The billions of changes occurring in our cells are only the passing scenery of life; (P. 36)"  Or try to interpret this one: "The emptiness at the core of every atom is the womb of the universe; in the flicker of thought when two neurons interact there is an opportunity for a new world to be born. (P.40)"If you like poetry, Deepak may be your read: "The billions of changes occurring in our cells are only the passing scenery of life; (P. 36)"  Or try to interpret this one: "The emptiness at the core of every atom is the womb of the universe; in the flicker of thought when two neurons interact there is an opportunity for a new world to be born. (P.40)"At times he attributes to cells and DNA a creative intelligence to direct their own construction and at other times his designer is invisible.  He would make a great spokesman for the current hocus pocus over "intelligent design."  He can't accept the growth of any cell, even a plant cell, without an intelligence involved.  He mentions and attacks evolution only one time on P. 115, asserting that the growth of a cell could never be a random processAt times he attributes to cells and DNA a creative intelligence to direct their own construction and at other times his designer is invisible.  He would make a great spokesman for the current hocus pocus over "intelligent design."  He can't accept the growth of any cell, even a plant cell, without an intelligence involved.  He mentions and attacks evolution only one time on P. 115, asserting that the growth of a cell could never be a random processDeepak ends up in the very same thought circle as every other writer who tries to explain life in scientific terms: Intelligence is a self organizing entity and every cell evolved is only intelligence having a conversation with itself.  Whether your word game tosses in the word "quantum" or not doesn't change much.  What a solipsistic thought; what a solipsistic world.  I wonder if his readers who actually experienced the oneness Deepak speaks of wouldn't, after awhile, go insan
 This book is so full of misinformation that I shudder to think (since it is in the &quot;dummies&quot; series), that this may be the only information that many people will read before they embark upon a very serious commitment with a dog.   It is poorly researched, full of dogma and nonsense.   If you have to read a &quot;quick book&quot; find one written by an expert - a veterinarian, or anyone with a track record in animals. Instant info can be found on bulletin discussion boards, magazines etc
 ...you can waste your time and save your money by checking this out of your local library....you can waste your time and save your money by checking this out of your local library.If you want to get an "inside view" of the inner workings of Wall Street during the excessive gyrations of the '80s, then read Den of Theives - that book is well written and well worth the money!If you want to get an "inside view" of the inner workings of Wall Street during the excessive gyrations of the '80s, then read Den of Theives - that book is well written and well worth the money!What turned me off about this book was the structure and the writing style.  The first half of the book was essentially the author relating fortuitous circumstances that were the product of Serendipity.  He was simply in the right place at the right time, had virutally no idea how he got there, felt out of place the whole time (even when he was raking in the Big Bucks in NY and London), and so now he thought he'd wwrite a book about it.  I also got the sense that he was trying to assuage some guilt from his association at Salomon Brothers.  He was there, he made a lot of money, good for him - get over it!What turned me off about this book was the structure and the writing style.  The first half of the book was essentially the author relating fortuitous circumstances that were the product of Serendipity.  He was simply in the right place at the right time, had virutally no idea how he got there, felt out of place the whole time (even when he was raking in the Big Bucks in NY and London), and so now he thought he'd wwrite a book about it.  I also got the sense that he was trying to assuage some guilt from his association at Salomon Brothers.  He was there, he made a lot of money, good for him - get over it!I was also pretty disappointed because the subject matter has A LOT more potential.  I might have actually enjoyed it - had I not read Den of Theives 7 years earlier, and already had some idea of how things took place.  But, if you can get it for $5 or less (including shipping), and you have little to no knowledge of what an investment banker's life is like (and you haven't also seen the movie Wall Street (which covers the same highlights in this book)), then it's probably worth it.I was also pretty disappointed because the subject matter has A LOT more potential.  I might have actually enjoyed it - had I not read Den of Theives 7 years earlier, and already had some idea of how things took place.  But, if you can get it for $5 or less (including shipping), and you have little to no knowledge of what an investment banker's life is like (and you haven't also seen the movie Wall Street (which covers the same highlights in this book)), then it's probably worth it.I did like the wrap up he did towards the end of the book, relating where he had heard everyone from the firm ended up...althought that seemed a little rushed..
 I'll preface this by saying I'm a cryer.  I cry at movie previews when they simply look entertaining.  I cried all the way through Superman Returns.  I did not, however, shed one tear during Message in a Bottle.I'll preface this by saying I'm a cryer.  I cry at movie previews when they simply look entertaining.  I cried all the way through Superman Returns.  I did not, however, shed one tear during Message in a Bottle.In English class, I always learned to "show, not tell" when writing.  When that is your rule of thumb, you'll write a moving piece of literature, even if you're not completely skillful.  Sparks is the master of telling without showing.In English class, I always learned to "show, not tell" when writing.  When that is your rule of thumb, you'll write a moving piece of literature, even if you're not completely skillful.  Sparks is the master of telling without showing.I'm honestly baffled by all the good reviews it gets.  The story is somewhat engaging, but with no payoff.  But the work is filled with passages like (and these are from memory; if I picked up the book to look for verbatim examples I'd have to type the entire thing), "He went to the refrigerator, opened the door, and took a beer.  After opening it, he sat down on the back deck."  Or, "Though she was overweight, she moved quickly around the table."  "She got out of the shower, dried off, and put on khaki shorts and a white cotton shirt."  Have you read enough yet?I'm honestly baffled by all the good reviews it gets.  The story is somewhat engaging, but with no payoff.  But the work is filled with passages like (and these are from memory; if I picked up the book to look for verbatim examples I'd have to type the entire thing), "He went to the refrigerator, opened the door, and took a beer.  After opening it, he sat down on the back deck."  Or, "Though she was overweight, she moved quickly around the table."  "She got out of the shower, dried off, and put on khaki shorts and a white cotton shirt."  Have you read enough yet?I'm new to the romance genre.  My mother-in-law recommended Sparks because -- I think she was trying to imply -- his sex scenes aren't too graphic.  They were to me, but then, I'm new to romance, and spoiled by the masterful, unequaled storytelling skill of Stephen King.I'm new to the romance genre.  My mother-in-law recommended Sparks because -- I think she was trying to imply -- his sex scenes aren't too graphic.  They were to me, but then, I'm new to romance, and spoiled by the masterful, unequaled storytelling skill of Stephen King.Please hold your New York Times bestsellers to a higher standard.  Let's hold on to whatever quality control we can in music, movies, and literature
 more hate books.  How could anyone write anything so wrong
 I started reading this book expecting to like it - it's historical, related to Little Women, won the Pulitzer, doesn't feel like fluff, etc. However I had a really difficult time getting into the book. I started reading this book expecting to like it - it's historical, related to Little Women, won the Pulitzer, doesn't feel like fluff, etc. However I had a really difficult time getting into the book. For one, the language sounded much more pretentious than historically accurate. I've read other works from the time period she's supposed to be writing in, and rather than feeling in keeping with that era, this book felt indicitive of someone who makes full use of her thesaurus. For one, the language sounded much more pretentious than historically accurate. I've read other works from the time period she's supposed to be writing in, and rather than feeling in keeping with that era, this book felt indicitive of someone who makes full use of her thesaurus. Also, I haven't read her other book so i didn't enter this novel with a trust for the author. Consequentally, I found that as she mentioned connections to Little Women, I became defensive. She had not proven to me that she had the right to use this work. In some of her character choices, such as one of the first encounters between March and Marmee (I'm not going to go into details so as not to spoil the scene), I believe that she made a radical departure from anything that Alcott would have written of her characters, and that Brooks really did not stay true to the original. Also, I haven't read her other book so i didn't enter this novel with a trust for the author. Consequentally, I found that as she mentioned connections to Little Women, I became defensive. She had not proven to me that she had the right to use this work. In some of her character choices, such as one of the first encounters between March and Marmee (I'm not going to go into details so as not to spoil the scene), I believe that she made a radical departure from anything that Alcott would have written of her characters, and that Brooks really did not stay true to the original. The first half of the book is also really dry. This could just be my personal taste, but the first half moved so slowly! The book started to pick up about half way through. Overall, the story being told and the Civil War aspects weren't bad, and could be a decent story in their own right if she'd just speed things along at the beginning.The first half of the book is also really dry. This could just be my personal taste, but the first half moved so slowly! The book started to pick up about half way through. Overall, the story being told and the Civil War aspects weren't bad, and could be a decent story in their own right if she'd just speed things along at the beginning.However, I think Brooks did the book a major disservice by linking it to Little Women. I bristled every time she mentioned an individual from the book, because she was really changing their characters (other than Aunt March). The choices that Brooks' characters made were not in keeping with choices they may have made in Alcott's book. However, I think Brooks did the book a major disservice by linking it to Little Women. I bristled every time she mentioned an individual from the book, because she was really changing their characters (other than Aunt March). The choices that Brooks' characters made were not in keeping with choices they may have made in Alcott's book. In the afterward, Brooks discussed her research and how she actually based the March family and particularly Mr. March more on the Alcott family itself than on the characters from Little Women, even commenting how the March Family in Alcott's book isn't very interesting, and how "Nobody in real life is such a goody-goody as that Marmee." If she felt that way, then why use them as the basis for her book? Seen in that context, her earlier *huge* liberties with Marmee's character seem to just be a way to "stick it" to Alcott: "ha ha, look how much more realistic Marmee is now!
 While I found the writing style good and the information interesting, the actual diet was unrealistic, too restrictive and lacking fun basics that make other diets tolerable. I found myself longing for spices (how bad could pepper really be?) and questioning the validity of their restriction. I couldn't stand the ground-up flax seeds in my cranberry cocktail - the texture reminded me of trying to drink mud with little bugs in it (or what I imagine that to be).While I found the writing style good and the information interesting, the actual diet was unrealistic, too restrictive and lacking fun basics that make other diets tolerable. I found myself longing for spices (how bad could pepper really be?) and questioning the validity of their restriction. I couldn't stand the ground-up flax seeds in my cranberry cocktail - the texture reminded me of trying to drink mud with little bugs in it (or what I imagine that to be).I'm not writing this to disparage anyone from trying the diet - if you can handle the restrictions and you have the self-control required, you might find this diet doable and rewarding. I tried the Fat Flush with a group from work - inspired by one woman who is able to do the flush again and again every year (she always gains the weight back). The rest of us, while successful for varying degrees of short periods, found the diet unrealistic for any long-term results - all of us gained the weight back and spurred by instant weight loss, some even picked up worse habits than they began with.I'm not writing this to disparage anyone from trying the diet - if you can handle the restrictions and you have the self-control required, you might find this diet doable and rewarding. I tried the Fat Flush with a group from work - inspired by one woman who is able to do the flush again and again every year (she always gains the weight back). The rest of us, while successful for varying degrees of short periods, found the diet unrealistic for any long-term results - all of us gained the weight back and spurred by instant weight loss, some even picked up worse habits than they began with.The funny thing is I found much of the health information useful or interesting, but I got rid of the book b/c sitting on my shelf it reminded  me of unrealistic goals and failure - not what I want out of a get-healthy  plan. The funny thing is I found much of the health information useful or interesting, but I got rid of the book b/c sitting on my shelf it reminded  me of unrealistic goals and failure - not what I want out of a get-healthy  plan. I'm writing this review so that others don't get sucked in by all of the positive reviews hoping for lasting results - 3 of us didn't have any
 Author La Guardia mentions how the Lemba of Africa have the Jewish gene. Fine! But when he deals (in several pages mind you)with the Falashas (also of Africa) he never mentions that genetic studies have positively shown these Jews NOT to be descended from the 12 Tribes of Israel despite the Falashas's longtime rep for possibly being a Lost Tribe of Israel which, again, has now been 100% disproven through genetic studies
 As many have stated before me the book starts off with great promise for people who like historical fiction, however midway it turns into a romance novel.  I give it 3 stars for holding my attention.  A good beach read that can get you thinking (a little) about a time past.  The one star is a mistake and I cannot seem to change it.   3 ***  stars
 Being a student of photojournalizm in Moscow, Russia, I looked for the most complete book on photographic composition that is available. I had studied one book on the subject by the russian author, but knowing that photography in the US is much more developed and professional I was striving to get a book by a professional photographer.Being a student of photojournalizm in Moscow, Russia, I looked for the most complete book on photographic composition that is available. I had studied one book on the subject by the russian author, but knowing that photography in the US is much more developed and professional I was striving to get a book by a professional photographer.I was disappointed by the book "Photographic Composition" by Tom Grill for a number of reasons:I was disappointed by the book "Photographic Composition" by Tom Grill for a number of reasons:1. It does not cover all important compositional elements, and those that it covers are not explained in full detail. It does not explain:- how elements with the similar shapes, similar sizes or similar tone interact with each other, - the reverse perspective effect and its uses,- why right and left sides of the photograph differ and why, how it can be used on practice,- how to balance "weight" of different elements of the photograph, it touches it briefly and furthermore provides an incorrect example,- difference between compositional center and the center of interest, how to balance them if they are in different parts of the photo (does not match each other)- all signs of perspective, it does not say anywhere that overlapping of objects is a clear sign of perspective (trivial as it may sound, it still should be marked in any complete work, especially when the author covers other three elements)- and much much more.- and much much more.2. It does not use photographs of the best masters to illustrate the topic, neither does it show how composition works in art, which I believe is very important.2. It does not use photographs of the best masters to illustrate the topic, neither does it show how composition works in art, which I believe is very important.3. Most examples are in color, while most ideas on composition are best explained using B&W photographs.3. Most examples are in color, while most ideas on composition are best explained using B&W photographs.4. Last but not least, composition is about meaning, making a message, not just how to balance different elements within a frame. The book makes this statement, but in my opinion fails to provide poverful examples, while you can fully appreciate the power of composition only by studying powerful photos with good explanation why precisely this photo is good.4. Last but not least, composition is about meaning, making a message, not just how to balance different elements within a frame. The book makes this statement, but in my opinion fails to provide poverful examples, while you can fully appreciate the power of composition only by studying powerful photos with good explanation why precisely this photo is good.OVERALL: I believe that if you want to study composition you want to know all important considerations, not just a few and briefly explained "how-to-quickly-improve-any-photo-you-take". This books fails to provide complete approach to composition and at times can be misleading.OVERALL: I believe that if you want to study composition you want to know all important considerations, not just a few and briefly explained "how-to-quickly-improve-any-photo-you-take". This books fails to provide complete approach to composition and at times can be misleading.I'd be very grateful if you could recommend me (and other folks that look at our reviews) a more thorough book on composition, I'm sure there must be a good book in english on that subject. Thanks!I'd be very grateful if you could recommend me (and other folks that look at our reviews) a more thorough book on composition, I'm sure there must be a good book in english on that subject. Thanks!P.S. For those who can read in russian I advise a book by A. Lapin "Fotografiya kak..", which compared to the book by Tom Grill explains composition in full
 Although Dead Soul begins quite decently and surprisingly for Doss, who has a tin ear for dialogue, dearly loves a cardboard character, and has no sense of plot, it rapidly and unsurprisingly disintegrates into a mangle of missed opportunities. Although Dead Soul begins quite decently and surprisingly for Doss, who has a tin ear for dialogue, dearly loves a cardboard character, and has no sense of plot, it rapidly and unsurprisingly disintegrates into a mangle of missed opportunities. Since most plot reveals take place off scene, you have no idea what's going on until the end where Charlie tells all. Is this supposed to create suspense? Does Doss even realize how ridiculous this is? Does he have an editor? Can the editor read English? Now these are real questions for Charlie to answer
 The Winner and Absolute  truth made me continue reading Baldacci books.His last few books Christmas Train and Split Second were awful.Now Baldacci takes his left leaning anti american feelings and tries to shove it down our throats.That was the last money I ever spend on a Baldacci book,I even threw out his good books. Shut up Baldacci and write fiction books. Your ideas do not get through in this non fiction world
 A friend going through the same problems as I am was strongly recommended this book by her therapist and she bought it for me, as well.  I was enthusiastic to read it and at least understand these emotions.  If I could actually use the information to help myself, all the better.  I was warned that the beginning was a bit slow and hard to get through, so I struggled through it, expecting it to get easier to read.  It didn't.  It's been sitting by my bed for months with the bookmark at page 104 and I'm really sorry because I'm sure that the contents are useful and interesting, but I just can't get past that page 104.  I normally refuse to leave a book half unread, but this just has to be an exception because every time I pick it up I fall asleep within 3 or 4 pages.A friend going through the same problems as I am was strongly recommended this book by her therapist and she bought it for me, as well.  I was enthusiastic to read it and at least understand these emotions.  If I could actually use the information to help myself, all the better.  I was warned that the beginning was a bit slow and hard to get through, so I struggled through it, expecting it to get easier to read.  It didn't.  It's been sitting by my bed for months with the bookmark at page 104 and I'm really sorry because I'm sure that the contents are useful and interesting, but I just can't get past that page 104.  I normally refuse to leave a book half unread, but this just has to be an exception because every time I pick it up I fall asleep within 3 or 4 pages.I agree with some of the previous reviewers that there is way too much emphasis on the actual workings of the meetings.  I feel like I'm watching a video of it, as every minimal thing is described in incredible detail.  But I wanted to read this book to understand the views and conclusions of the group, not to become an expert on the tea breaks they had.  Also, I felt lost as the scientific tests they had previously carried out were explained in such detail, I ended up having to skim over some sections.I agree with some of the previous reviewers that there is way too much emphasis on the actual workings of the meetings.  I feel like I'm watching a video of it, as every minimal thing is described in incredible detail.  But I wanted to read this book to understand the views and conclusions of the group, not to become an expert on the tea breaks they had.  Also, I felt lost as the scientific tests they had previously carried out were explained in such detail, I ended up having to skim over some sections.This may be a great resource for those who have great patience and/or a scientific background, but too much for a regular Joe like me
 This is the worst, most depressing piece of fiction I have ever read.  There is no real protoganist and not one singular character worthy of admiration--and after a while, their actions just become inexplicable.  The author's soul must truly be an ugly one to have devoted so much time and energy to using his mind to generate so many casual acts of evil throughout the book.  It starts out promising but by the time you get to about halfway through the book or so you get a nagging sense that your very own soul might be sucked out of you and permanently stolen by the heart of Neil Gaiman's darkness or one of his minions.  Additionally, the characters' motivations change like the shifting sands, nothing they do makes any real sense except some inexplicable movement towards doing greater and more evil en masse like some sort of coagulating bacteria or disease.  What is so creepy about this book is the casualness of it all.  Unlike some of Stephen King's work (ie: The Stand), there is absolutely no redeeming thread here--no rallying or marshalling the troops to combat the emerging evil.  It's evil in evil vs. evil surrounded by evil.  All I can say is that this book is ugly, ugly, ugly.  At least writers like Joyce Carol Oats and Joseph Conrad's intentions when writing about such things is to effectively demonstrate the ill effects of such darkness, but to make heroes of characters one should avoid is unconscionable.  The choices the supposed protoganist makes make no sense--and you do root for  him in the very beginning but you find he is just like one of them after all.  I suspended my doubt and disbelief as long as I could but finally became so incensed by the audacity of both the literary critics and the author to pass this off as excellence, I literally stopped mid-sentence and chose to never read this author's work again.  It's a shame too because he has allied himself in other incarnations with a truly gifted artist, Dave McKean, who maybe hasn't completely gone over to the dark side like Neil has.  His association with Dave McKean is the only reason I even opened-up the book--and maybe a little because the title intrigued me.  But it's unfortunate that the industry rewards "clever" works such as Mr. Gaiman's with undue praise.  I've never so strongly disliked a book.  Have you ever found yourself getting angry because you felt robbed or duped by a book?  Well, don't believe the hype, this is the one to throw in the trash or disintegrate with X-men eyeball laserbeams before all your humanity is sucked out of you
 If Julia Glass had not set the bar so high with Three Junes, I would have given the book 3 stars instead of 2.  There are sentences, paragraphs, even pages of brilliance in this book, but it is as if winning the National Book Award gave Ms. Glass unconditional confidence in her writing, and character development in particular.  She seemed out of touch with the major demographics the narrative slings around.  As another reviewer wrote, the writing process seemed transparant.  Reading the book, you get the feeling that the characters are what Ms. Glass (a privileged white woman of a certain age) imagines teenagers, or New Mexicans, or black chauffeurs, or Hispanic nannies, or even gay people to be like.  She is like a tourist who voyeuristically delights in other cultures without really understanding them.  The teenagers and the Santa Fe inhabitants are the most painful examples of caricatures.  Greenie might be the most believable, and although I understood why she was falling out of love with her gloomy Alan, I wasn't sucked along with her when she falls in love with "the other Charlie".  He was only very mildly interesting and certainly not worth (even temporarily) losing your child over.  With Saga, she manages to develop her most sympathetic character, but Saga's life is left floating and unresolved at the end.  Even the brief appearance of Fenno, who I loved in Three Junes, lacked intensity and seemed gimmicky.  All and all, a very disappointing second novel.  You have to wonder, since most reviewers are pointing out all of the same problems with character, what good is her editor? 
 I heard all of these great things about this book etc...... So I got a copy and let me tell you it was a huge let down. I can honestly say it had loads of disgusting passages that I did not find at all entertaining. The "bowel movement" chapter was totally repulsive. I found it self indulgent, he had a crappy upbringing, that does not make for a good book
 When I read this, I was not expecting to become a commie, but at least I was hoping for something more compelling than the pure hatred of people who have more than others and the racist concsipracy theories (especially re Jews) that the authors came up with.  When I read this, I was not expecting to become a commie, but at least I was hoping for something more compelling than the pure hatred of people who have more than others and the racist concsipracy theories (especially re Jews) that the authors came up with.  I understand that people accord this book some respect because it has influcenced many people.  But that is what hate litterature does.  This book is especially powerful in its attempt to find sharp class lines to allow the "masses" to hate
 This seemed too long and too drawn out
 Simple arithmetic and you know it's stupid to expect much from a 227 content book that attempts to tell the success stories and forumlas of 55 business leaders. Definitely everyone of them deserves its own biography instead of an average 4.13 pages. So I had lowered my standard before I read it. Still I had been quite disappointed. All passages were columns published previously on IBD written by different reporters that not only the writing style but the focus on individual leaders fluctuated much between hard data/history and success formula, primarly on the former. I am sorry that I could gain little knowledge/insight (that I really wanted to learn "how" they succeeded) during the reading. I felt even worse after reading from the previous reviewer that the content had been available on the net. In short, please give this book a pass!
 "The Most Anticipated Book in the History of Poker!" exclaims a blurb on the cover.  Well, if so, I can tell you that a lot of people have been, or are going to be, VERY disappointed.  Comparing the classic Super/System from 1978 with this book is, to paraphrase Mark Twain, like comparing lightning to the lightning bug."The Most Anticipated Book in the History of Poker!" exclaims a blurb on the cover.  Well, if so, I can tell you that a lot of people have been, or are going to be, VERY disappointed.  Comparing the classic Super/System from 1978 with this book is, to paraphrase Mark Twain, like comparing lightning to the lightning bug.This book is more of a tribute to Doyle Brunson than it is "A Course in Power Poker."  Johnny Chan writes a fairly vacuous Preface in which he lauds Brunson, but doesn't say anything about how to play.  Then we have Brunson's Introduction in which he tells us mostly about the contributors to the first Super/System.  Next there is an autobiographical sketch by Brunson entitled, "My Story."  (If you want a book that gives the real flavor of Brunson's "story," get a copy of According to Doyle (1984).  It contains 47 chapters in which Brunson recalls his early days and life on the road.)This book is more of a tribute to Doyle Brunson than it is "A Course in Power Poker."  Johnny Chan writes a fairly vacuous Preface in which he lauds Brunson, but doesn't say anything about how to play.  Then we have Brunson's Introduction in which he tells us mostly about the contributors to the first Super/System.  Next there is an autobiographical sketch by Brunson entitled, "My Story."  (If you want a book that gives the real flavor of Brunson's "story," get a copy of According to Doyle (1984).  It contains 47 chapters in which Brunson recalls his early days and life on the road.)Following "My Story" is a short history of Texas Hold'em by Crandell Addington which isn't much, and then there is the first chapter that could actually be considered part of a course in power poker.  This would be 43 tips from Mike Caro cribbed from his lectures and books.  However the tips are hardly "exclusive" for SuperSystem2 as claimed.  Beginning with Caro's cute but now very familiar, "In the beginning, everything was even money," most or all of the tips have been recycled.  For example, Tip #18, page 146, "WHEN A FREQUENT BETTOR CHECKS TO YOU...don't bluff" is just about the same as Tip #10 "Seldom bluff if frequent bluffers have checked into you" found on page 137 in Caro's Fundamental Secrets of Winning Poker (1996).  In fact Caro even recycles his "exclusive" tips in this very book.  Tip #31 says that PLAYERS STARING AWAY...are almost always more dangerous than players staring at you," while Tip #40 says in part that "OPPONENTS ARE MORE LIKELY TO BET OR RAISE IF THEY ARE: ...(3) staring away."Following "My Story" is a short history of Texas Hold'em by Crandell Addington which isn't much, and then there is the first chapter that could actually be considered part of a course in power poker.  This would be 43 tips from Mike Caro cribbed from his lectures and books.  However the tips are hardly "exclusive" for SuperSystem2 as claimed.  Beginning with Caro's cute but now very familiar, "In the beginning, everything was even money," most or all of the tips have been recycled.  For example, Tip #18, page 146, "WHEN A FREQUENT BETTOR CHECKS TO YOU...don't bluff" is just about the same as Tip #10 "Seldom bluff if frequent bluffers have checked into you" found on page 137 in Caro's Fundamental Secrets of Winning Poker (1996).  In fact Caro even recycles his "exclusive" tips in this very book.  Tip #31 says that PLAYERS STARING AWAY...are almost always more dangerous than players staring at you," while Tip #40 says in part that "OPPONENTS ARE MORE LIKELY TO BET OR RAISE IF THEY ARE: ...(3) staring away."Jennifer Harman's chapter on limit hold'em is so ordinary that it's remedial.  There's not even a hint of anything new.  There are a number of books on the market that cover the same ground much more thoroughly.  I especially recommend Small Stakes Hold'em: Winning Big with Expert Play (2004) by Ed Miller, David Sklansky and Mason Malmuth or anything by Sklansky.  Also her insistence on referring to hands backwards, "6-7" (e.g., on p. 252) instead of "76" is annoying and contrary to a well-established convention.Jennifer Harman's chapter on limit hold'em is so ordinary that it's remedial.  There's not even a hint of anything new.  There are a number of books on the market that cover the same ground much more thoroughly.  I especially recommend Small Stakes Hold'em: Winning Big with Expert Play (2004) by Ed Miller, David Sklansky and Mason Malmuth or anything by Sklansky.  Also her insistence on referring to hands backwards, "6-7" (e.g., on p. 252) instead of "76" is annoying and contrary to a well-established convention.And the caricatures by Russ Braun!  They are so bland and flattering that each may have passed prior inspection by the subject's mother.  Comparing these to the witty and sharp work by Stan Hunt in the original is like comparing a cliche to something alive and vital.  Brunson doesn't even look like himself.  Here he's just a generic, smiling, dough boy kind of guy--except in the small, clever, lifelike drawing gracing page 7 which WAS drawn by Stan Hunt, copied from the first book.And the caricatures by Russ Braun!  They are so bland and flattering that each may have passed prior inspection by the subject's mother.  Comparing these to the witty and sharp work by Stan Hunt in the original is like comparing a cliche to something alive and vital.  Brunson doesn't even look like himself.  Here he's just a generic, smiling, dough boy kind of guy--except in the small, clever, lifelike drawing gracing page 7 which WAS drawn by Stan Hunt, copied from the first book.Good are the chapters on Omaha and Stud Eight-or-Better.  However, although Brunson has Bobby Baldwin billed as his author of the Omaha Eight-or-Better chapter, actually it was written (as acknowledged) by Mark Gregorich.  He does a good job of introducing the game and giving some of the strategies, and I'm sure he is a fine player, but what about Bobby Baldwin?  Well, as CEO of Mirage Corporation and President of the Bellagio Hotel and Casino, Bobby is far, far too busy to write the chapter himself.  So he just lent his name and his supervision.  Can you spell R-I-P-O-F-F?Good are the chapters on Omaha and Stud Eight-or-Better.  However, although Brunson has Bobby Baldwin billed as his author of the Omaha Eight-or-Better chapter, actually it was written (as acknowledged) by Mark Gregorich.  He does a good job of introducing the game and giving some of the strategies, and I'm sure he is a fine player, but what about Bobby Baldwin?  Well, as CEO of Mirage Corporation and President of the Bellagio Hotel and Casino, Bobby is far, far too busy to write the chapter himself.  So he just lent his name and his supervision.  Can you spell R-I-P-O-F-F?Perhaps the most embarrassing part of the book is Doyle's chapter on no limit hold'em.  It is little more than a reprise of the same chapter in the first book published 28 years ago.Perhaps the most embarrassing part of the book is Doyle's chapter on no limit hold'em.  It is little more than a reprise of the same chapter in the first book published 28 years ago.Also recycled is the section on "Colorful Names of Various Hold'em Hands" on pages 628 and 629.  The dated references to Raquel Welch ("38") and Broderick Crawford ("10-4") seem more than a little out of touch.  Indeed, this book is nostalgic tribute to Brunson and the great success he and the original book achieved.  And that is a shame, because this book is billed as an exciting event in the history of the publication of books on poker when in fact it is something hastily put together to flatter Brunson and, hopefully, the pocketbook of those involved.Also recycled is the section on "Colorful Names of Various Hold'em Hands" on pages 628 and 629.  The dated references to Raquel Welch ("38") and Broderick Crawford ("10-4") seem more than a little out of touch.  Indeed, this book is nostalgic tribute to Brunson and the great success he and the original book achieved.  And that is a shame, because this book is billed as an exciting event in the history of the publication of books on poker when in fact it is something hastily put together to flatter Brunson and, hopefully, the pocketbook of those involved.One final thing: there is a Glossary, suitable for beginners, which is okay as it defines such things a "Deuce," "Flush," "Four of a Kind," etc., but seems a little basic for "A Course in Power Poker."  Worse though is this definition of a "Cold Deck": "A term often used to describe the deck by players who feel they're not getting enough playable or winning hands."  Players may indeed remark that "the deck is cold," but the origin of the term comes from the fact that a stacked deck used by cheaters that is switched into the game tends to be "cold" to the touch since it has not been handled since it was stacked.One final thing: there is a Glossary, suitable for beginners, which is okay as it defines such things a "Deuce," "Flush," "Four of a Kind," etc., but seems a little basic for "A Course in Power Poker."  Worse though is this definition of a "Cold Deck": "A term often used to describe the deck by players who feel they're not getting enough playable or winning hands."  Players may indeed remark that "the deck is cold," but the origin of the term comes from the fact that a stacked deck used by cheaters that is switched into the game tends to be "cold" to the touch since it has not been handled since it was stacked.Bottom line: pass
 I'm in a good mood today, and feeling generous -- hence the two stars. Secrest learned that Rodgers could be a rotten person, that he drank and was a womanizer. She then proceeds to beat us over the head with it at great length. I didn't count the words, but it seemed like she spent more time on that then she did on Rodgers and Hammerstein -- not to mention the post-Hammerstein years. We learn nothing about how these shows came about and what happened to them beyond the most cursory; it's if her research there was limited to the notes on the cast albums. I've kept most of my theater books, except for this one. It went to the used book store
 Someone reported all my 3 negative reviews of Daniel Silva books and got them removed! Hmm, I wonder who that could be. Someone reported all my 3 negative reviews of Daniel Silva books and got them removed! Hmm, I wonder who that could be. I am rather annoyed at this because I spent quite a lot of time detailing why I didn't like one of the books, reasonably, I thought. Apparently, someone had decided that they did not follow the review guidelines. I used no profanities. OK, there were some spoilers, but not more than I usually read in other reviews. Not single worded, no phone numbers, no solicitations, etc. Maybe whoever it was just didn't like my negative review. Well, the last time I checked, the 1st amendment still applies in this country.I am rather annoyed at this because I spent quite a lot of time detailing why I didn't like one of the books, reasonably, I thought. Apparently, someone had decided that they did not follow the review guidelines. I used no profanities. OK, there were some spoilers, but not more than I usually read in other reviews. Not single worded, no phone numbers, no solicitations, etc. Maybe whoever it was just didn't like my negative review. Well, the last time I checked, the 1st amendment still applies in this country.OK, so let me try to post another review of why I didn't like this book without violating any review guidelines, and I'm not going to spend 30 mins on it like last time. OK, so let me try to post another review of why I didn't like this book without violating any review guidelines, and I'm not going to spend 30 mins on it like last time. I thought the book was very poorly written and very boring. I struggled through 1/3 of the book but the author could not capture my attention and I decided not to continue to the end. I've read a couple of other Daniel Silva books, but neither one of them could change my mind that he is an author that I don't like. I will not be buying any more of his books
 I've always been a huge fan of Nicholas Sparks, and I couldn't wait to read Dear John. Well, there was no reason to rush. It starts out okay, but then just gets more and more depressing. The main girl character is annoying and you hope that John will find someone who deserves him, instead of just pouting over her for most the book. I cannot wait for another Nicholas Sparks book, but only because I want to know that he hasn't lost his touch, and that this novel was just a fluck
 I'd heard the buzz (both pro and con) and thought I'd take an independent read. I was dismayed with this book.James Frey has insulted anyone who has gone through a real experience with substance addiction by trivializing the truth of whatever experience he really had. One of the hardest things an addict has to grasp is the TRUTH so that he can take ownership of his actions and take the 12 steps or whatever is necessary to save his life and often the lives of loved ones tangled up in the mess with him. Lies are what enable "slips" and "enabling" and "denial" and those other catch words that describe continued misery and failure. Recovery is nearly impossible without honesty. So, can we look at this man's "memoir" and expect it to offer anything of value? It's poorly constructed, repetitive, and narcisitic. Even if Oprah hadn't exposed him, the writing takes the tone of "whoppers" like Frey's account of the drug house visit in which he "rescues" Lilly. Other reviewers and Smoking Gun have written about the fantastic episodes one by one, and I can't improve on that.Suffice to say this mockery of misery and hope is no more real than a daytime soap opera.  Story lines in a soap may look like real life to one who is isolated from real life, the same way A Million Little Pieces might look to someone who has not been touched by real addiction. A real addict with typical delusion could be misdirected from a true course of treatment with tragic result.I was left with the impression he thinks institutions and people who help others with substance recovery are pitifully misdirected or inept. Like a joke of some kind. I'm not laughing.
 Every book by Jodi Picoult grabs you by the heart and doesn't let go. Mercy stands out from all the rest. You will not forget this book or the people in it for a long time
 Of the 7 or so Grisham novels Ive read this one is my least favorite.Of the 7 or so Grisham novels Ive read this one is my least favorite.It's not a bad story at all but it's just way too long, about 150 pages longer than it needed to be. It's not a bad story at all but it's just way too long, about 150 pages longer than it needed to be. It also just lacked credibility in many spots. Grisham is normally quite good at presenting characters and situations that are at least plausible, if not really interesting. Most of his books give the layman some insight into the workings of the law that Ive always thought were fascinating. This book, however, plods along and doesnt bring anything new to his body of work.It also just lacked credibility in many spots. Grisham is normally quite good at presenting characters and situations that are at least plausible, if not really interesting. Most of his books give the layman some insight into the workings of the law that Ive always thought were fascinating. This book, however, plods along and doesnt bring anything new to his body of work.The other thing that really got me was the dialogue he wrote for Mark Sway, the 11year old protagonist. He sounds more like a street-wise 30year old, using words like "wonderful" and phrases that have been out of use since the 70's. I think Grisham forgot he was writing the words for a young boy and not one of his more typically older characters.The other thing that really got me was the dialogue he wrote for Mark Sway, the 11year old protagonist. He sounds more like a street-wise 30year old, using words like "wonderful" and phrases that have been out of use since the 70's. I think Grisham forgot he was writing the words for a young boy and not one of his more typically older characters.This isnt a bad book if you just want to escape for a few hours a day but most of his other ones are far more enjoyable
 If you want to be scared and paranoid through your first pregnancy, then this is the book for you. This book has no insight on anything. It is vague. It doesnt explain anything in detail. It talks about every possible thing that could go wrong but probably wont. Each chapter lists all the symptoms you might be expeiriencing, but that is as far as that goes. Its not a very good book to turn to you if you have concerns because it will just make you have more! You might as well ask your doctor because this book constantly refers you to your doctor. It has no insight or answer for anything unless you have a high-risk pregnancy
 I find some parts of Didion's book very relatable, at least when she's exploring her feelings of shock, the superstitious feelings, and the obsessive re-living of her husband's last few days and death.  But these sections become less and less frequent as the book continues, and it all seems to devolve.I find some parts of Didion's book very relatable, at least when she's exploring her feelings of shock, the superstitious feelings, and the obsessive re-living of her husband's last few days and death.  But these sections become less and less frequent as the book continues, and it all seems to devolve.But pertaining to the audiobook:  What is with the music they insist on playing in the "background" at the end of sections?  The first time it came on, I took out my earphones to see if someone in my office was inexplicably blaring piano solos.  It's weird and invasive and distracts from the reading
 Beware of the Everyman's Library edition of this book (green hardcover, ribbon marker, isbn # 0-679-40564-X). Book V dealing with the revenue of the sovereign has been completely ommitted. According to the introduction, this was to limit the book to one volume and keep the price low. I wish I had known this BEFORE I ordered the book since now I have to buy a different edition in order to read Book V. What a ripoff
 This guy's box is missing a few tools.Most of the stuff he quotes as fact is not supported in real life. He's full of crap. Everybody knows walking is good for you, but kevin T. starts his chapter on walking by saying that 'when you take your dog for a walk, he (or she) poops............well la-de-f_____ing-da....isn't that WHY you take your dog for a walk....because you don't want him (or her) to poop in the house. Then there's his statement that if you put your teflon pan on high heat and have a parakeet on your shoulder, the bird will keel over dead because of the poisonous gasses.......and another thing, who ever heard of an acidic body???  I think I know what planet Trudeau came from....URANU
  Dawn written by Elie Wiesel is a story about two men who aremeant to be killed at the same time, at dawn. David Ben Moshe is Jewish and will be killed by the English at the same time as Elisha; a Jewish man will kill an English man John Dawson.Elisha and his friends wait all night for dawn, the book takes place with them in one room, thinking about what they have to do, they have little conversation between each other.      I did not find the book Dawn very interesting,I found it to move very slow, because Elisha and his friends stayed in one room during the whole story, and while one man was thinking about what he should do or how he felt, the reader did not know how the other people where feeling at that time.  The part I found the most interesting was when there would be conversation between Elisha and his friends, especially when they talked about their pasts, which was one of my favorite parts of the book, it wasinteresting because there was more action happening when they when explaining their past.        Although I found this book boring for the most part it was very descriptive and therefore I would recommend it to anyone who likes very descriptive books.
 I really liked Suzanne Summers. I've read all her other books and have her tai chi exercise video. When I saw her on the Today show advertising this book I couldn't wait to get it.I really liked Suzanne Summers. I've read all her other books and have her tai chi exercise video. When I saw her on the Today show advertising this book I couldn't wait to get it.She promotes the Schwarzbein Principle which states that being a vegetarian is unhealthy. Suzanne has an entire chapter dedicated to someone named Wendy who after 10 years of being a vegetarian was convinced to start eating meat again! Just because Wendy's particular diet was unhealthy, that doesn't mean that all vegetarians are unhealthy. There are meat eaters that have unhealthy diets. Look at all the Hindus in India, they're lifetime vegetarians and are healthy. She promotes the Schwarzbein Principle which states that being a vegetarian is unhealthy. Suzanne has an entire chapter dedicated to someone named Wendy who after 10 years of being a vegetarian was convinced to start eating meat again! Just because Wendy's particular diet was unhealthy, that doesn't mean that all vegetarians are unhealthy. There are meat eaters that have unhealthy diets. Look at all the Hindus in India, they're lifetime vegetarians and are healthy. I know that soy has been a controversial subject recently, but it's the pill form of soy that is questionable, soy it it's natural form is healthy for you. How can you say that soy is bad for you when millions of East Asians eat soy as part of their daily diet? I've read countless books and research that supports the benefits of soy.I know that soy has been a controversial subject recently, but it's the pill form of soy that is questionable, soy it it's natural form is healthy for you. How can you say that soy is bad for you when millions of East Asians eat soy as part of their daily diet? I've read countless books and research that supports the benefits of soy.I eat a balanced vegetarian diet and get all the nutrients my body needs.  Just because one doctor doesn't believe that a vegetarian diet is healthy, doesn't make it a fact. Suzanne you've really gone too far to tell everyone to stop being a vegetarian. With that misinformation in your book, I have a hard time believing that anything else is true and fact.
 I had to read Jared Diamond's Pulitzer prize winning book because of the rave reviews and acclaim. The thoughts that he introduces in the book are certainly interesting and he presents us with a new way to interpret history which is certainly important. However, there is much overkill in making points about the development of each civilization - crops are the major topic with little discussion on guns, germs (more than the other 2), and steel. Of course the arguement for this focus is that the domestication of crops is how civilizations develop guns, germs and steel. I enjoyed parts of the book considerably, but you would have to have a strong interest in horticulture and botany to truely appreciate the book. I guess I was spoiled by first reading his sequel to GGS, "Collapse" - a terrific read that should be of interest to everyone -it relates our industrialization to every aspect of the environment and show historically how this has shaped history. It has major rammifications for our situation on this earth right now. -RK
 When our book club selected this novel, I was enthusiastic ~ the premise appeared to leave so much room for the development of great characters and a great story.  However, after the first chapter or so, I kept waiting for the big "wow" factor...and it never came.  I found most of the characters unsympathetic and not very well-developed.  Like other readers, I finished it out of obligation, but never gleaned any enjoyment from reading it. 
 While I enjoy adventure stories for the casual reading they are and have read all of Cussler's, I was disturbed by a lot of the assumptions in this and other of his recent books.  This is transparently hawkish; an ultra-conservative defense of the questionable actions of the very furthest right of the political spectrum.  (One could even suspect it was commissioned or at least underwritten by these elements.)  It reflects the current culture that decrees all means justify the end - as long it benefits the right people.  Cussler's recent books portray that it's OKAY for Americans to go into other countries - with which we are not at war - and kill its citizens for some secret government agenda.  That it's OKAY for our US government to hire out "black ops" in secret because it's against our laws to do so openly.  Through the years, I've tolerated Cussler's blatant sexism, juvenile writing style, improbable exploits of cartoonish heroes.  However, he has veered into political territory that offends me but even more, terrifies me that it may be the truest part of his stories
 Using this book and CD-ROM depends upon being able to download the customized settings, so that the reader's PhotoShop, for example, behaves the same way as the author's PhotoShop. However, my system repeatedly hung up on that section of the download from the CD-ROM. Furthermore, this author doesn't start at a "dummies" level by defining the terms that he uses throughout the lessons, so I had trouble following along. Overall, this wasn't much help for me in my quest to learn PhotoShop from a baseline of complete ignorance
 Horribly disappointing.Horribly disappointing.These manufactured dialogues are evidently Stephen Law's way of dealing with his personal problems with religion.These manufactured dialogues are evidently Stephen Law's way of dealing with his personal problems with religion.For example, in one chapter Law manipulates his "teaching" by having God contradict the Bible (the assumption being God's the author) in a dialogue with a conservative religious person. Law even sarcastically concludes the chapter by saying this dialogue is only a dream, the real God would probably respond differently.For example, in one chapter Law manipulates his "teaching" by having God contradict the Bible (the assumption being God's the author) in a dialogue with a conservative religious person. Law even sarcastically concludes the chapter by saying this dialogue is only a dream, the real God would probably respond differently.Good idea for a book, ruined by the authors distorted logic. There are numerous ad hominen and circular reasoning errors.Good idea for a book, ruined by the authors distorted logic. There are numerous ad hominen and circular reasoning errors.The title and premise fooled me into reading it.The title and premise fooled me into reading it.Mr. Law, how will you pay back the readers for wasting the time they invested in your philosphical rant against religion
 Huge disappointment. Trace wasn't that good either. Having read all Scarpetta's previous storiesbut I was hoping Trace would be only bad one. However, the downhill trend seems to continue. These two books are not the usual intelligent plots Cornwell is capable of writing. Save your money, don't buy it. I completely agree with all the reviews posted so far, so I won't go into the plot -or rather lack of a real plot -details
 Huge disappointment. Trace wasn't that good either. Having read all Scarpetta's previous storiesbut I was hoping Trace would be only bad one. However, the downhill trend seems to continue. These two books are not the usual intelligent plots Cornwell is capable of writing. Save your money, don't buy it. I completely agree with all the reviews posted so far, so I won't go into the plot -or rather lack of a real plot -detailsThe book is manipulative and unrealistic. I felt the author was blatantly trying to persuade the reader to believe that infieldey, betrayal and lack of morals is acceptable if you have a self absorbed best friend.  Definitely one of the shallowest books I have ever read.  I bought the book as it was rated as a "best seller" , and I was stuck in an airport for hours on end. The entire plot is hideous as the "burned best friend" makes up reasons why it's accept able to betray her best friend. If I was not completely bored, I would have given up on the book after the first 20 pages.
 My mother in-law was actually responsible for Billy Milligan while he was in the Athens State hospital in Ohio.  I've had a chance to read this book, and although very good, what my mother-in-law tells me is much, much different. My mother in-law was actually responsible for Billy Milligan while he was in the Athens State hospital in Ohio.  I've had a chance to read this book, and although very good, what my mother-in-law tells me is much, much different. She cared for him during his entire stay there.  She said that he had more psychology and parapsychology books in his room than she could have ever imagined.  She also said that his IQ was off the charts.  She believes (and she has a doctorate in psychology) he only has FOUR distinct personalities.  Raven being one of them.  Billy had the abilitiy and knowledge to manipulate his condition, making it appear much more severe. She cared for him during his entire stay there.  She said that he had more psychology and parapsychology books in his room than she could have ever imagined.  She also said that his IQ was off the charts.  She believes (and she has a doctorate in psychology) he only has FOUR distinct personalities.  Raven being one of them.  Billy had the abilitiy and knowledge to manipulate his condition, making it appear much more severe. Of course, she can't write anything about this, because Billy's publicist made everyone caring for him sign a waiver saying they wouldn't.  Yes... Billy Milligan has a publicist. Of course, she can't write anything about this, because Billy's publicist made everyone caring for him sign a waiver saying they wouldn't.  Yes... Billy Milligan has a publicist. He also was a millionaire (because he exploited his disease) and drove a corvette on the weekends they let him go home.... yep... they let Billy Milligan have weekends.He also was a millionaire (because he exploited his disease) and drove a corvette on the weekends they let him go home.... yep... they let Billy Milligan have weekends.This book is a very good interpretaion on what could possibly been going on in Billy's head.  However, after talking with someone who was actually there, and knew him well.... makes me second guess the validity of it
 A very disappointing book, and again, makes me very wary of any item on a "New York Times Best Seller List" or any other list, and really any big name reviewer recommendation.A very disappointing book, and again, makes me very wary of any item on a "New York Times Best Seller List" or any other list, and really any big name reviewer recommendation.This book has one 50 page chapter which is excellent - the recap of the Thompson "Shot heard around the world" homerun. If you are a baseball fan as I am, that (barely) made the book worthwhile. The other 700 pages are disjoint, incomprehensible, and really trivial. You come away thinking "I really don't care bout this stuff" - I don't care about the dynamics of trash, about J Edgar Hoover's bathroom habits, Klara Sax's artistic depression and annoying infatuations about roof tops, about characters that just don't have much depth to really care about. At the end, even potentially interesting characters like Albert (the one on the baseball quest) become hard to bear. The whole book in fact had the feel of going to a senior citizen home.This book has one 50 page chapter which is excellent - the recap of the Thompson "Shot heard around the world" homerun. If you are a baseball fan as I am, that (barely) made the book worthwhile. The other 700 pages are disjoint, incomprehensible, and really trivial. You come away thinking "I really don't care bout this stuff" - I don't care about the dynamics of trash, about J Edgar Hoover's bathroom habits, Klara Sax's artistic depression and annoying infatuations about roof tops, about characters that just don't have much depth to really care about. At the end, even potentially interesting characters like Albert (the one on the baseball quest) become hard to bear. The whole book in fact had the feel of going to a senior citizen home.I read this book, as perhaps others did, expecting a book about the mafia or about other figures in the underworld. What I got was a book with a good first chapter, some interesting tidbits here and there about how life used to be in the 50's (fear of nuclear weapons, duck and cover classroom exercies), and a lot of knowledge about the trash business. I read this book, as perhaps others did, expecting a book about the mafia or about other figures in the underworld. What I got was a book with a good first chapter, some interesting tidbits here and there about how life used to be in the 50's (fear of nuclear weapons, duck and cover classroom exercies), and a lot of knowledge about the trash business. The "masterful" epilogue, as other reviewers call it, really does no justice to a reader who has spent so much time toiling over Delillo's ragtag story telling. I am ok with stream of consciousness writing, or nonchronological chapters, or even random chapters, but the methods used in thsi book served no purpose other than to further make the reading difficult. The "masterful" epilogue, as other reviewers call it, really does no justice to a reader who has spent so much time toiling over Delillo's ragtag story telling. I am ok with stream of consciousness writing, or nonchronological chapters, or even random chapters, but the methods used in thsi book served no purpose other than to further make the reading difficult. Was this book about how mundane our lives are versus the bigger things that occur around us? Or how each of us is on an individual quest? Or that the 50's-60's-70's-80's were just years of fear, and the 90's are years of greed? I am still unsure, I still don't think any of these themes came across well.Was this book about how mundane our lives are versus the bigger things that occur around us? Or how each of us is on an individual quest? Or that the 50's-60's-70's-80's were just years of fear, and the 90's are years of greed? I am still unsure, I still don't think any of these themes came across well.Please - not pretending to be a sophisticate, intellectual, or professional critic - but this book is really not worth the time or effort. You can be staisfied by a number of other books, including the "The Corrections" by Franzen or "The Cold Six Thousand" by Ellroy  which cover a similar period or similar themes and do not make you so frustrated or disappointed at the end.Please - not pretending to be a sophisticate, intellectual, or professional critic - but this book is really not worth the time or effort. You can be staisfied by a number of other books, including the "The Corrections" by Franzen or "The Cold Six Thousand" by Ellroy  which cover a similar period or similar themes and do not make you so frustrated or disappointed at the end.Read the first chapter, then put the book down or you will be sorely disappointed and have wasted an awful lot of time.Read the first chapter, then put the book down or you will be sorely disappointed and have wasted an awful lot of time.
 Dr. Northrup provides women with practical information about their bodies, stages of life and medical procedures.  However, I was appalled by her bias against Western cultural heritage and Christianity.  Her views on those topics were extremely unbalanced, with no acknowledgement of their positive contributions to culture and women.  As a Catholic whose best teachers were strong-minded, compassionate religious sisters, I felt offended by her slur against nuns.  I am aware that not everyone feels the same way about their religious upbringing, but I would expect an academic to strive for some balance in their research. 
 The whole concept of this book as well as the honesty of the undertaking: I'm not buying it. The author's effort is half-a**ed at best.Besides the musings and excessive self-praise, it is downright preachy.Their effort might pass as non-consumerism for New Yorkers, but would never pass in the rest of America.Don't buy it
 This book is the reason I've read only one John Updike novel. I was so disgusted by the people, the plot, and the very boring and unrelated technical passages that I never read another Updike. I thought the characters were completely unrealistic
 I usually read Stephen King for his interesting ideas and imagery and expect his books to read fast and well. I've read three previous King books that have had the occasional long passages with overstated depictions of horror, doom, and grotesquery in order to immerse his readers into the tone of his story.  This one takes the cake because what is meant to read as terror and horror is really ridiculous and unimaginative. And this is exactly what "Insomnia" is. This isn't a spoiler, just the author's note: at the end of the book we read Sep. 10, 1990- Nov 10, 1993- three years in which King took to write this book.  Three years which were evidently wasted.I usually read Stephen King for his interesting ideas and imagery and expect his books to read fast and well. I've read three previous King books that have had the occasional long passages with overstated depictions of horror, doom, and grotesquery in order to immerse his readers into the tone of his story.  This one takes the cake because what is meant to read as terror and horror is really ridiculous and unimaginative. And this is exactly what "Insomnia" is. This isn't a spoiler, just the author's note: at the end of the book we read Sep. 10, 1990- Nov 10, 1993- three years in which King took to write this book.  Three years which were evidently wasted.The other King books I've read were engrossing for their characterizations and character identification.  "Insomnia's" Ralph Roberts is certainly a character the reader could identify with.  He is strong, kind, has traditional gentlemanly views on aiding women in distress and regards them as beautiful and respectable. His counterpart Lois Chasse doesn't come across as identifiable. Instead she serves as a  secondary character who has no real flair or identity other than being in love with Ralph. King doesn't usually do that with his secondary characters.  Other characters with much smaller roles in this book come across as real and identifiable, like Ed and Helen Deepenau, the three bald doctors, and Ralph's numerous confidantes.The other King books I've read were engrossing for their characterizations and character identification.  "Insomnia's" Ralph Roberts is certainly a character the reader could identify with.  He is strong, kind, has traditional gentlemanly views on aiding women in distress and regards them as beautiful and respectable. His counterpart Lois Chasse doesn't come across as identifiable. Instead she serves as a  secondary character who has no real flair or identity other than being in love with Ralph. King doesn't usually do that with his secondary characters.  Other characters with much smaller roles in this book come across as real and identifiable, like Ed and Helen Deepenau, the three bald doctors, and Ralph's numerous confidantes.Then there's the whole abortion mess. This central political issue crumbles midway thru and seems to serve no purpose at all in the story. Though King does provide an interesting and seemingly objective commentary on the issue via Detective Leydecker (albeit with a tranparently pro-choice slant), it serves no relevance to the theme of the story but just hangs there on display used for no more than a story device.  Then there's the whole abortion mess. This central political issue crumbles midway thru and seems to serve no purpose at all in the story. Though King does provide an interesting and seemingly objective commentary on the issue via Detective Leydecker (albeit with a tranparently pro-choice slant), it serves no relevance to the theme of the story but just hangs there on display used for no more than a story device.  I gave the book two stars because I am an inspiring writer and reading this provided me with some of the devices that are important to utilize as part of a writer's arsenal. The devices were obvious and all thru the reading I asked myself, 'How is King going to get through this?' His weapon of choice was most often Ralph Robert's narration (via third person) that analyzed the events of the story and interpreted its meaning and significance. It seemed whenever King was in trouble in the story, he would use Ralph as his solution and let him think it out and guide it for him. This is a useful tool for a beginning writer, but King used it as a crutch to tell a story that had no pulse from the beginning.I gave the book two stars because I am an inspiring writer and reading this provided me with some of the devices that are important to utilize as part of a writer's arsenal. The devices were obvious and all thru the reading I asked myself, 'How is King going to get through this?' His weapon of choice was most often Ralph Robert's narration (via third person) that analyzed the events of the story and interpreted its meaning and significance. It seemed whenever King was in trouble in the story, he would use Ralph as his solution and let him think it out and guide it for him. This is a useful tool for a beginning writer, but King used it as a crutch to tell a story that had no pulse from the beginning.One last thing, the villians just don't work. They are not frightening, they are not demonic, they are not vicious or malign. Three little bald doctors with scalpels and scissors? Their defining characteristics are being small and bald- does that really frighten anyone? The real villian among them dances around and jump ropes to reveal his evil madness. Then there's the Crimson King, the evil supernatural mastermind we read about from page 100 who finally enters the story on page 550 as a Catfish in one of the most terrible, anti-climactic scenes ever rendered.  I rest my case.              
 I bought the book on the basis of the reviews and on a quick read of a copy a friend owned.  It looks really good on the surface and does have a lot of useful information.I bought the book on the basis of the reviews and on a quick read of a copy a friend owned.  It looks really good on the surface and does have a lot of useful information.One problem I found is that many of the example photos seem to be inserted only to increase the photo count.  Also, because of printing limitations, I find it very difficult to see the differences between before and after examples.One problem I found is that many of the example photos seem to be inserted only to increase the photo count.  Also, because of printing limitations, I find it very difficult to see the differences between before and after examples.I have edited this review to fix an error.  However, I can not figure out how to change my rating from 2 stars to 4 stars.  Consider this a 4 star review.I have edited this review to fix an error.  However, I can not figure out how to change my rating from 2 stars to 4 stars.  Consider this a 4 star review.
 This novel is set in the 40's, when Elizabeth Short (the Black Dahlia) was found murdered, her body cut in two. The characters revolve around the investigation of this incident, altnough her name is changed. The chapters go back and forth between the views of two brothers: one, an amoral cop, the other, a Catholic priest, Monsignor, businessman, whatever you want to call him.  Neither one is likable, the 40's cop jargon is incomprehensible, and the Catholic politics/building programs are boring.  However, the murder is solved and the end is neatly tied up with a bow.This novel is set in the 40's, when Elizabeth Short (the Black Dahlia) was found murdered, her body cut in two. The characters revolve around the investigation of this incident, altnough her name is changed. The chapters go back and forth between the views of two brothers: one, an amoral cop, the other, a Catholic priest, Monsignor, businessman, whatever you want to call him.  Neither one is likable, the 40's cop jargon is incomprehensible, and the Catholic politics/building programs are boring.  However, the murder is solved and the end is neatly tied up with a bow.If old cop stories appeal to you, you might like this, but I'm sure you could find better.  Double Indemnity, for instance, is superior
 I have loved each and every one of Jane Hamilton's other novels and highly recommend them:  The Book of Ruth, A Map of the World, Short History of a Prince and Disobedience.  This book, sadly, does not rank among them.  It feels forced and uninteresting, with outlandish and unrecognizable characters and scenarios.  I've already paid for it, so I'll probably try to finish it, but don't waste your time or money.  Read another Hamilton instead
 This is a great book if you have the right teacher. The book is very informative yet if you have no back ground in abnormal psych you might want to make sure the teacher for your course is capable of explaining it to you. I also recomend that you make sure your copy has a CD rom. The study guide and website are great tools too. They help a lot
 this book was very disappointing. i LOVED her 1st two books. so when this book came out i was very excited. after reading it, i found it was rather dull and not very funny. there were very few parts that actually made me laugh, unlike her 1st two books
 I read exactly half the book and stopped.  Based on all the criticisms of the unlikely ending, that was a good decision.  As it is there went hours of my life I won't get back!  The book is silly and laughable.  The premise sounded great - but the book is bad.  Really bad
 Robert Kiyosaki's books are all the same thing re-packaged over and over again. This book could have been condensed into a couple of paragraphs and saved it's readers a lot of time. He writes in an arrogant, condescending manner that is hard to stomach. I would hate to have been his real dad. It's obvious that he despises him and worships at the alter of "Rich Dad." It's offensive and disturbing.Read the first review of this book and you'll have the essence of the whole thing. Don't give this guy any more money for putting out this drivel
 the author lives in a dream world and is not in touch with the business work environment of today.  Her advice is old-fashioned and out-of-date.  Many better textbooks on Ethics available
 I had this one figured out by the second chapter. Too predictable and shallow. Hopefully, the next Stone book will actually be worth reading
 A disappointing book about a fabulous story.  The book reads as if it was pasted together from press cuttings and, if you look at the chapter notes, this appears to be how it was researched.A disappointing book about a fabulous story.  The book reads as if it was pasted together from press cuttings and, if you look at the chapter notes, this appears to be how it was researched.There are little irritants, such as referring to Steve Jobs as "Steve" as if he's a close friend, but the big problem is that it recounts a number of interesting incidents in Steve Jobs' career while missing the main story.  And what a fantastic story that is.  I hope that someone has written a decent account of Steve Jobs' life because I would like to read it.  There are little irritants, such as referring to Steve Jobs as "Steve" as if he's a close friend, but the big problem is that it recounts a number of interesting incidents in Steve Jobs' career while missing the main story.  And what a fantastic story that is.  I hope that someone has written a decent account of Steve Jobs' life because I would like to read it.  One thing is certain: "iCon" sure ain't it.
 Even with the questionable veracity, I enjoyed Frey's first book, A Million Little Pieces, since it stayed true to an addict's experience.  Leonard, on the other hand, came off as pure fantasy, with very little substance.  Even the description of Frey's struggle was too contrived to be believable.  It was not even interesting as fiction.
    At the height of socialist popularism in England, cir. 1944,  George Orwell, a leading proponent of socialism, believing in its promises as did many,if not most of Eurpose's leading intellectuals and politicians, wrote a review of Hayek's famous book, "The Road to Serfdom."  Orwell wrote the review in the "Observer," London April 9,1944.   Hayek, mentions this fact as a footnote in chapter 17 of his classic book, "The Constitution of Liberty" published in 1960, as evidence of the disillusionment of socialist intellectuals, when they were confronted with the observation that individualism and socialism were mutually exclusive. Those same intellectuals had not accepted the proposition when advanced by Karl Mannheim in his book, "Man and Society in an Age of Reconstrucion" (1940).  Mannheim had been a long opponent of socialism, but Orwell had only been converted after being exposed to "The Road to Serfdom."  By 1960, when Orwell had become a world renowned author and staunch opponent of Big Brother doublespeak, Hayek recognized that the political proponents of socialsm which was dying as a political ideal, were now introducing the concept of the welfare state.      While virtually everyone alive today have been effected by Orwell's works and his prescient warnings about Big Brother, how many of us are aware of Hayek's infulence on him?      "The Constitution of Liberty" provides its readers with an enormous wealth of knowledge, of which this one footnote is only a small example.  Each reader is bound to be effected in one way or another by the knowledge imparted to them, and this is one of the main lessons to be learned about "liberty" which requires the "rule of Law" to exist in today's society, but that Rule of Law must be understood.  The failure of today's inteligencia is to fail to fully comprehend the meaning of liberty and its necessity in a world full of confusion from the confrontation of competing civilizations.      Unfortunately, Hayek is no longer alive to help guide us through the new millenium.  Fortunately, he has left us a large volume of work, perhaps more relevant today than it was when written years ago.  While "The Constitution of Liberty" is voluminous in itself, it should be kept as a reference book.  Hayek's other works, "The Road to Serfdom" and his last published volume, "Fatal Conceit-the Evils of Socialism" published in 1980 is a magnificent continuation of Hayek's life long discertation on the evolution of mankind's growth from a tribal, familial society which did not require man to understand or protect Liberty, to a group of city-states that prospered because of the Liberties protected in Athens, but only moderately understood, so that such a great and wise philosopher as Aristotle would believe that freedom could only exist as far as a man could yell.   Hayek's understanding that Western Civilization has prospered from individualism, that it has grown and prospered from the freedom to travel, to trade, to exchnge property, material, real and intellectual.  He explains why man must be humble, that humans progress from trial and error, not from conceited belief that one way or another way is correct.  That to be free and liberated is to be free to make mistakes and government should exist to protect individuals'rights to make mistakes while they attempt to profit in their own ideals and beliefs.    
 This has to be one of the most ridiculous books I have ever read. At one point the authors ask: if money equals security, wouldn't you feel safe walking through a major American city at midnight with a suitcase full of cash handcuffed to your wrist? If money really did equal security, you would! I stopped reading after that. This has to be one of the most ridiculous books I have ever read. At one point the authors ask: if money equals security, wouldn't you feel safe walking through a major American city at midnight with a suitcase full of cash handcuffed to your wrist? If money really did equal security, you would! I stopped reading after that. I will say, however, that this book cured me of all of my bad financial habits. I never want to be so bad off as to look to a book like this for advice again. 
 if you have fond memories of ms steele, or no memory at all because you're new to her, please... don't read this book.if you have fond memories of ms steele, or no memory at all because you're new to her, please... don't read this book.liam looks like a child with his long blond hair; he acts up because no one can control him since that's what his parents tried to do to him; he sees any "no" as a slap in the face because once again, that's what his parents did to him.liam looks like a child with his long blond hair; he acts up because no one can control him since that's what his parents tried to do to him; he sees any "no" as a slap in the face because once again, that's what his parents did to him.sasha looks like a cold woman with her pale skin and dark hair always pulled back; she is totally concerned about her reputation: "but what will they think of me?" and can't stand up for her needs; she refuses to lower her standards, but when liam leaves, she falls into a "morbid depression" and goes back to him.sasha looks like a cold woman with her pale skin and dark hair always pulled back; she is totally concerned about her reputation: "but what will they think of me?" and can't stand up for her needs; she refuses to lower her standards, but when liam leaves, she falls into a "morbid depression" and goes back to him.repeat for 300 pages... repeat for 300 pages... "careless," "self-indulgent," "filler" are three words i'd use to describe it
 I heard about this book growing up but didn't read it until just recently (a middle-aged adult) and I have to agree with so many other reviewers who feel its popularity largely stems from the time period in which it was written, i.e., it was SO SHOCKING AND DISGUSTING! Such filth! I mean, that's why I heard about the book when I was growing up. But as so many others have already pointed out, it is tame by today's standards. I also have to agree with another reviewer who wrote that the "female protagonist is completely a male fantasy. The book's message is simply that men like women who are able to climax at the same time as their partners without any need for foreplay or other effort on the man's part..." Now, you see, what struck me about Sir Clifford's situation, and Lady Chatterley's, for that matter, is if they really loved each other, his paralysis from the waist down wouldn't have had to put a stop to his supplying her with orgasms; there ARE other things that can be done, yes? In fact, quite possibly Connie would have had an orgasm for the first time! (Ahem, women readers will know what I mean.) But Clifford treated Connie poorly. With or without the lack of sex issue, I think she would have been emotionally open to an affair anyway. Which to me, just goes to show that a man wrote the book...a man totally out of touch with what really makes a woman tick.
 I bought this book on a friend's recommendation.  If I had been in a book store and could have read a page or two I would have known immediately it was not the type of book I would read.  I'm sure it's wonderful for those who like it.  I passed it on to a friend
 This story was about a young brother trying to make it in life.I have to admit that I was excited to read this book, and it let me down.  I didn't like how Bobby let Pearl walk all over him.  I don't think Bobby Dallas was portrayed as a "Do Right Man" at all, but rather a wimp.  During the first half of the book, I waited for him to get a back bone, which he never did.  From there on the whole story was slow. I was bored about continually reading about him and his radio job.   This was a slow read for me, I skipped a few chapters just so I could find out what finally happened in the end
   This book is filthy.  I had to take a shower after I read it.  Why doesn't he get a job?  Why does he have to live in France? Why doesn't he save his money instead of investing it in alcohol and hookers?  So many questions.  People just think this book deserves a place on the same shelf as say James Michenier because it was banned.  It was banned because it's a bad book
 I enjoyed the first 3 books of the Women's Murder Club. Didn't like too much the 4th (of July), but the 5th is just BAD ! What's the plot ? There is no plot ! 2 serial-killer stories try to share the pages of this not-such-a-page-turner, the 1st mystery (Car Girls) get solved mid-way throught the book and I bet plenty of readers won't remember it by the end of this painfull read... By trying to develop 2 stories, Patterson gets our interest for none. The most sad thing of all is that I used to like to Women's Murder Club members, but now they all seem so unreal, remote from anything actually likeable. And it's been the case since one of them died and another one joined the club, in the most stupid, artificial way really. Not much to save this book, it's even badly written. Don't know if Patterson thinks about writting a 6th, but don't count on me next time 
 I bought this off of the New York Public Library website.  What an utter waste of $40.  The book that comes with the software is somewhat helpful, but honestly there is no new information to anyone who has been collecting books for a while.  The worst part is the "software" that you are supposed to use to catalog your books.  First of all, it is difficult to install--this is always a sign of a inferior product: no product that was properly QA'd would be released in such condition.  Second of all, the product is just a fancy version of a spreadsheet.  I could literally use Excel or MS Access to catalog my books just as well as this software.  You actually have to input EVERY piece of data associated with a book.  There is no excuse for anyone with an Internet connection to have to manually input book data.  I state again: it is very surprising that the New York Public Library would include this product in their stores.  It is a major, major rip off and there are far superior cataloging products out there.I bought this off of the New York Public Library website.  What an utter waste of $40.  The book that comes with the software is somewhat helpful, but honestly there is no new information to anyone who has been collecting books for a while.  The worst part is the "software" that you are supposed to use to catalog your books.  First of all, it is difficult to install--this is always a sign of a inferior product: no product that was properly QA'd would be released in such condition.  Second of all, the product is just a fancy version of a spreadsheet.  I could literally use Excel or MS Access to catalog my books just as well as this software.  You actually have to input EVERY piece of data associated with a book.  There is no excuse for anyone with an Internet connection to have to manually input book data.  I state again: it is very surprising that the New York Public Library would include this product in their stores.  It is a major, major rip off and there are far superior cataloging products out there.The product I finaly ended up using is one called Readerware (http://www.readerware.com/).  Readerware, for the same amount of money ($40), allows you to scan in the barcodes of your books--the software comes with its own CueCat scanner.  Then the software looks up the barcodes you entered, (using the Internet),  and updates each barcode with all the available info on the book. I scanned 800+ books in about 4-5 hours.  BTW, you can also use Readerware to scan in all of your DVDs and CDs, (you have to pay more to get the full version of Readware that supports books, DVDs, and CDs).The product I finaly ended up using is one called Readerware (http://www.readerware.com/).  Readerware, for the same amount of money ($40), allows you to scan in the barcodes of your books--the software comes with its own CueCat scanner.  Then the software looks up the barcodes you entered, (using the Internet),  and updates each barcode with all the available info on the book. I scanned 800+ books in about 4-5 hours.  BTW, you can also use Readerware to scan in all of your DVDs and CDs, (you have to pay more to get the full version of Readware that supports books, DVDs, and CDs).Of course, you don't have to take my recommendation to buy "Readerware", but please don't waste your money on "Your Home Library.
 I like the idea that Michael Lewis wrote this book/article to defend a man whose coaching techniques are clearly out of style in todays world of my child this and my child that. Having said that I did not like this book:I like the idea that Michael Lewis wrote this book/article to defend a man whose coaching techniques are clearly out of style in todays world of my child this and my child that. Having said that I did not like this book:1) the writing was chopping and hard to follow at times. i had to re-read many sentences to understand lewis' point. 1) the writing was chopping and hard to follow at times. i had to re-read many sentences to understand lewis' point. 2) the story lacked the depth of lewis' other wonderful books - where's the who/why/what that lewis used to moneyball (and others) educational - i wanted the story behind the story. 2) the story lacked the depth of lewis' other wonderful books - where's the who/why/what that lewis used to moneyball (and others) educational - i wanted the story behind the story. 3) who were all the pictures of? i found them distracting... 3) who were all the pictures of? i found them distracting... i'll continue to read lewis' books bu thope the next one is bette
 I bought this book with big aspirations of another "Joy of Cooking" with a little upscale to it. While I must say the design of the book is fabulous (I am a graphic designer and truly love the cookbook's design), the recipes leave much to pine for. I don't like that most of the ingredients are nothing I normally keep in the house and I am not likely to use often enough to warrant purchasing them. I have yet to actually cook a meal from it for this reason and I have owned the book for over a year. I will stick to "Joy of Cooking" for it is much more of a tool in the kitchen.
 Maybe it is me but this novel was about as exciting as watching the grass grow.  It is the first mystery novel that I have read by a female author and I hope that it is not representative of the gender.  But, by the reviews here, all by women, I can see that Jance writes to that crowd.  Her readers seem to like being taken down the aimless boring pass of relationship drible. If you want to spend 10 pages with the main character sitting and talking about nothing in her mothers house or on her friends porch talking about their health than this book is for you.  It is amazing that Jance can start great with the murder scene and then 200 pages later start uncovering her first clue, the insulin bottle.  Jance gives no indication that Oak Vista or the stranded stranger are even remotely related to the story. Do not start this book it is absolutely a total waste of time.  If you want a good mystery read Coben, Crais, Patterson or Michael Connely
 Al Gore is making a good road to tell us the facts on Global Warming , but he is missing the fact that in 3-4 years we will have the New Ice Age coming and Billion of people on Earth will die and he is missing 40-60 % of the cause of the Global Warming. The book is good and bad. We can stop this Global Warming in one month. But we cant' do it untill we will expose the real cause of it. Think about: in one month we can stop it. Each month ( in the next 2 years )we will postpone the truth is just bad.The movie is good and bad.Is bad in 90% and good in 10%. He put enormous work in it , so many government agencies he is using for this ( mostly) But he is missing the main point.He will need to change that in the next movie and this is the main point. As a government employee he will never be able to tell the truth. is going to be all the time wixh wash....We will need to get this work from this stage and do it under an independent ( no government involvement) study.Adria
 This book has a bad habit of being weak and juvenille.  Very weak and ordinary.G
 I have read some memoirs of the 2nd WW from a German standpoint and this was not one of the better. Although very fascinating at times it was also oddly detached and some of the stories about his sniping seemed "made up". It sometimes read as a fiction novel where he was alittle too much superman to be belivable.I also found it very strange that he very seldomly refered to other members in the squad, i do recognise that sniping surely is lonesome work but still, it was like nobody left an impression or if he held back with intent.Another thing that is getting tiresome is that is always the russians that are the bad guys doing grizzly things, but he didnt stand for a minute to think what his own country had got himself involved in.Still a good read but these factors didnt allowed me to be gripped by the story as other memoirs have.Still a good read but these factors didnt allowed me to be gripped by the story as other memoirs have.
 The Kite Runner gets off to such a good start, with its blend of history, observations about daily life in Kaboul, and a compelling story of two boys growing up together. The second half goes badly astray, as the novel becomes more and more manipulative and sentimental. By the end of the book, the author is willing to put his characters through all sorts of hell just so he can follow up with a teary reconciliation. I wish an editor had convinced him to tighten it up, stay focused, and resist the urge to tug at the heartstrings with such a heavy hand
 I have read all of the Artimis Fowl Books and loved them until nowI have read all of the Artimis Fowl Books and loved them until nowI was disapointed with this one, and not found Artmis unusaly irritating, but felt the whole book was the lacking the charm and wit that had made the other three so good. I was disapointed with this one, and not found Artmis unusaly irritating, but felt the whole book was the lacking the charm and wit that had made the other three so good. Truth be told I was younger when I read the first three, but still I can reread them and enjoy them (as I did after reading the fourth and being very disillusioned with the whole seris) so if you want my advice then I suggst you don't buy this book and let the magic of the first three live in peace
 I purchased this book to gain a better insight about Aspergers.  Instead, it left me with many unanswered questions.  The book is the equivalent to a boring, monotonous `Dear Diary' that gets stuck in one era: His college years and his interest in music.  (This is understandable as the author is terrified of life outside of college, & music is all he knows.)  Yet I craved more details, I wanted to know more about Mr. Shores' childhood, his parents, the stims, and the chaos...DETAILS!I purchased this book to gain a better insight about Aspergers.  Instead, it left me with many unanswered questions.  The book is the equivalent to a boring, monotonous `Dear Diary' that gets stuck in one era: His college years and his interest in music.  (This is understandable as the author is terrified of life outside of college, & music is all he knows.)  Yet I craved more details, I wanted to know more about Mr. Shores' childhood, his parents, the stims, and the chaos...DETAILS!It felt as if the author was trying to prove how intelligent he is, boasting of his accomplishments and how he's almost neurotypical.  His failures were blamed on other people out to get him for unknown reasons.  Lets say it for what it is: A man who looks kind of disheveled and a bit `odd' (Unabomber) gets a job in a financial institution, he rides his bike in, hangs out in the shadows getting dressed, doesn't socialize - and no one wants him around.  It's BECAUSE HE'S WEIRD!  Yet the author blames his co-workers.It felt as if the author was trying to prove how intelligent he is, boasting of his accomplishments and how he's almost neurotypical.  His failures were blamed on other people out to get him for unknown reasons.  Lets say it for what it is: A man who looks kind of disheveled and a bit `odd' (Unabomber) gets a job in a financial institution, he rides his bike in, hangs out in the shadows getting dressed, doesn't socialize - and no one wants him around.  It's BECAUSE HE'S WEIRD!  Yet the author blames his co-workers.I'm sorry but the reality is, the author probably can't see and understand that he IS different because he has Aspergers!   I mean, most typical people can spot someone that is odd/weird/different a mile away.  They avoid them not because they're being hurtful, they just can't relate to that person. I'm sorry but the reality is, the author probably can't see and understand that he IS different because he has Aspergers!   I mean, most typical people can spot someone that is odd/weird/different a mile away.  They avoid them not because they're being hurtful, they just can't relate to that person. I wished he had focused in much greater detail about his feelings, emotions and behaviors when he was younger-to gain a better understanding of what shaped him into the person he is now.  The book was written as if he fast-forwarded through his entire youth and got stuck on `pause' when he got to college.  While this is obsessively interesting to him, it was tiring reading page after page of redundant accounts of his college days. There is no depth to the book, it was shallowly written and there is not enough elaboration to make me understand, (or want to for that part) what makes Stephen Shore the person he is.  While this may be due in part to his disorder, it left so much to be desired. There is no depth to the book, it was shallowly written and there is not enough elaboration to make me understand, (or want to for that part) what makes Stephen Shore the person he is.  While this may be due in part to his disorder, it left so much to be desired. I'm sorry to anyone who takes offense to this review, as this is not my intention.  I applaud Mr. Shores accomplishments and the hurtles he's overcome.  He must be MUCH more dimensional than the book conveys.   I wanted to know more about HIM and not what he's done in his life.I'm sorry to anyone who takes offense to this review, as this is not my intention.  I applaud Mr. Shores accomplishments and the hurtles he's overcome.  He must be MUCH more dimensional than the book conveys.   I wanted to know more about HIM and not what he's done in his life.I'd suggest a better read would be one of Temple Grandin's books.  I got a true feeling of who she is and an understanding of how she got there and how autism fits in.  She goes into details about what she was thinking as a girl, teenager and adult.  Her pranks, her temper, the metaphors and their importance..everything.I'd suggest a better read would be one of Temple Grandin's books.  I got a true feeling of who she is and an understanding of how she got there and how autism fits in.  She goes into details about what she was thinking as a girl, teenager and adult.  Her pranks, her temper, the metaphors and their importance..everything.I bought this book based on reviews, and I felt it necessary to give mine.
 The story opens well and hooks the reader.  However, the ending is a disappointment and comes across as cliche and predictable.  I gave it two stars because there was not a category for a 1 and a half
 The audio is delivered in a monotone that almost puts you to sleep. Not a good thing while drivin
 If you want to spend 4 times as much money, 8 times as much time, and 12 times as much frustration trying to serve something that your guests will ultimately "politely refuse"--THEN BUY THIS BOOK! The author clearly has NO CLUE that "less is often more.
    I originally bought this title when it came out as a four-part mini series in 1997 and it is still one of the favorites in my collection.    Kingdome Come is an Elseworlds (what if) story set approximately ten years after the retirement of Superman and subsequently nearly every other super hero. As the story unfolds, the reason Superman quit is revealed. A rival hero named Magog killed the Joker and was put on trial for murder. When the public cried out for his aquittal and it was granted, Superman quit in disgust. The results of the public choosing a hero that would kill are very apparent in the future.    The children of the super heroes we know are everywhere. They hold society in a state of terror as they enforce justice and fight each other in the way they see fit, destroying property and causing chaos. Wonder Woman approaches Superman in his self-imposed exile in the nuclear wastleland that is Kansas and asks him to return and lead the former heroes in returning order.    When Superman returns to the public eye in issue #2, it sets into motion an Apocalypse as described in the Bible, but with Superheroes being the catalyst. The new Justice League rounds up every violent super human and puts them into a prison designed by Mister Miracle(The world's greatest escape artist) called the Gulag. All this is shown from the viewpoint of Norman McCray, a disillusioned pastor and friend of the Golden Age Sandman. He is led on his journey by the Spectre (DC's Angel of Death)   I absolutely love this story by Mark Waid, the way he wraps comic characters and events into a Biblical epic is brilliant. The painted art by Alex Ross is jaw-dropping in it's realism. The re-imagined characters are god-like in their depiction, especially the Flash- a red blur wrapped in lightning wearing a winged Greek helmet.   Issue #3 ends in a cliff-hanger with all the villains rioting and breaking out of the Gulag. As Superman races to the scene, he is thrown to the ground by the only person that could, Captain Marvel. I still remember waiting for issue #4 to come out.    The fight scene between Captain Marvel and Superman was voted #1 all-time by Wizard magazine and is worth the price of this trade alone. Even  without this fight scene, I would rate this as one of the ten greatest mini-series ever, but with it Kingdom Come is #1.  The only possible negative to this series is that you have to already know something about comics to fully appreciate all the subtleties Waid and Ross weave into this story. Nearly every DC character is pictured at least once.(A geek's paradise I guess) After reading this I actually liked Captain Marvel, who I had always seen as an even cheesier version of Superman. The fear the other heroes have of him and his power level make him hard to laugh at, despite Jerry Ordway's Power of Shazam monthly series to the contrary.  I hope my description of the story has led any undecided mind to pick this up. Fabulous art and incredible writing. (This should be 5 stars, but I can't seem to edit my rating
 I did not like the book.  It did have some interesting points to consider, but it did not seem like discipline to me.  I am more of a Love and Logic fan.  I think kids cannot always see the natural consequences of their own behavior (or don't care) until far into the future and must sometimes have consequences imposed upon them, which this book says not to do.  I just don't agree with it
 Myth #1: American women live under patriarchy Myth #1: American women live under patriarchy Myth # 2: America's the World's leading threat to the environment Myth # 2: America's the World's leading threat to the environment Myth # 3: America is a racist nation Myth # 3: America is a racist nation Myth # 4: The Untied States is an imperial power. Myth # 4: The Untied States is an imperial power. Myth # 5: The rich get richer, the poor get poorer Myth # 5: The rich get richer, the poor get poorer ALL FACTS.ALL FACTS.Plus, The higher the IQ the more liberal someone is. Ben Franklin, Einstein, our founding forefathers like Thomas Jefferson...all liberals. The lower the IQ the more conservative because it is easier to not think for yourself.I love America, but changes need to be made. Rome fell too eventually from bad politics
 I just finished listening to as much of the book on CD as I could stomach.  The minutia and lack of knowledge of police terminology and tactics was nauseating.  The words forhead, perp, peruse, crim, and finger were repeated over and over and over.  What might have been a good story in half the words was ruined by descriptions of everyone's clothing, spouses, children, and thinking
 This book is so outdated. All the techniques listed in this book are from the 1980's and earlier, which means that most of the things you can learn from this book are already learned by you from the past. There are much more recent interesting researches and discoveries of human nature you can find in other books
 Its a good book to draw examples of idustries in different stages of technology evolution. However it is lacking in theoretical content,
 and I suspect this is what has happened to James Lee Burke.  The Dave Robicheaux series has been floundering sadly for several books now - and that is tragic, considering the promise of the early books, which peaked in the hauntingly beautiful In The Electric Mist With Confederate Dead.and I suspect this is what has happened to James Lee Burke.  The Dave Robicheaux series has been floundering sadly for several books now - and that is tragic, considering the promise of the early books, which peaked in the hauntingly beautiful In The Electric Mist With Confederate Dead.I grew up in southern Louisiana, and Burke captures a culture that many people have no experience of.  But the series is becoming repetitive and stale, culminating in this book, which is just awful.  Burke's characters, with the exception of the always funny and touching Cletus Purcell, are wearing thin and becoming less and less sympathetic.  Dave Robicheaux becomes more priceless and preachy in each novel.  His anti-alcohol tirades would make any Prohibition era preacher proud.I grew up in southern Louisiana, and Burke captures a culture that many people have no experience of.  But the series is becoming repetitive and stale, culminating in this book, which is just awful.  Burke's characters, with the exception of the always funny and touching Cletus Purcell, are wearing thin and becoming less and less sympathetic.  Dave Robicheaux becomes more priceless and preachy in each novel.  His anti-alcohol tirades would make any Prohibition era preacher proud.Burke has fallen into a trap of using the same imagery and phrasing again and again, and it makes the reader wonder if he isn't cutting and pasting entire paragraphs repeatedly.  If I read one more time in a Burke book that Leadbelly strung his twelve stringed guitar in octaves, I will be sick (hey, Mr. Burke?  Twelve stringed guitars have always been strung that way, Leadbelly didn't invent that tuning, okay?)  If I read the word "phallus" in a sex scene in one of Burke's books one more time, I think I will just give up.  The phrases are getting old - really old.  The preaching about political corruption and alcohol got old many books ago.Burke has fallen into a trap of using the same imagery and phrasing again and again, and it makes the reader wonder if he isn't cutting and pasting entire paragraphs repeatedly.  If I read one more time in a Burke book that Leadbelly strung his twelve stringed guitar in octaves, I will be sick (hey, Mr. Burke?  Twelve stringed guitars have always been strung that way, Leadbelly didn't invent that tuning, okay?)  If I read the word "phallus" in a sex scene in one of Burke's books one more time, I think I will just give up.  The phrases are getting old - really old.  The preaching about political corruption and alcohol got old many books ago.One thing to be thankful about in this abysmal wreckage of what was once a great series - Bootsie, Dave Robicheaux's wife, is dead, though that doesn't keep her out of the story.  But at least the reader is spared another element that has been repeated to death - the moment in every book with Bootsie in it where she gets up in the night, angry with Dave, and goes to sleep on the couch.  I've had bets with other readers as to what page Bootsie will do this inevitable stunt (which then opens up the opportunity for another sex scene with the "phallus" when they kiss and make up) in each Burke novel where she is a character.  Thankfully, also, Alafair, Dave's adopted daughter, is far away at college, and we are spared her teenaged brattiness which became tedious in the earlier books and yet another repetition of the story of how Dave came to adopt her, which is included in every book since the introduction of the Alafair character.One thing to be thankful about in this abysmal wreckage of what was once a great series - Bootsie, Dave Robicheaux's wife, is dead, though that doesn't keep her out of the story.  But at least the reader is spared another element that has been repeated to death - the moment in every book with Bootsie in it where she gets up in the night, angry with Dave, and goes to sleep on the couch.  I've had bets with other readers as to what page Bootsie will do this inevitable stunt (which then opens up the opportunity for another sex scene with the "phallus" when they kiss and make up) in each Burke novel where she is a character.  Thankfully, also, Alafair, Dave's adopted daughter, is far away at college, and we are spared her teenaged brattiness which became tedious in the earlier books and yet another repetition of the story of how Dave came to adopt her, which is included in every book since the introduction of the Alafair character.It's time for Mr. Burke to let the series go.  It's a travesty of its former self.  Reading this book is like visiting a relative who has lost their mind to dementia - you see a hollow, nearly unrecognizable shell of a formerly vital and beloved person.  It's painful
 I am newly preg too. I went out and got this book without reading any reviews. I sum it up this way: a pompous composition of contradiction and condescension. I can't stand the tone and the constant jabs seemingly mocking you and having a GREAT OLD TIME enjoying those pains you will be feeling! IE ..And all those trips to the bathroom to hug the toilet. Ha ha ha...I am newly preg too. I went out and got this book without reading any reviews. I sum it up this way: a pompous composition of contradiction and condescension. I can't stand the tone and the constant jabs seemingly mocking you and having a GREAT OLD TIME enjoying those pains you will be feeling! IE ..And all those trips to the bathroom to hug the toilet. Ha ha ha...Last night, I'm reading her stupid book and I get some good advice on what to do with your friends who are smokers. I would just not be near them while they smoke. Period. She says to threaten them with the law that protects non-smokers. Good idea...If that doesn't work, Ask them ALL TO QUIT because YOU are pregnant. And if that doesn't work try being nice. I don't know many smokers but I don't know even one who would smoke in a house or one who would smoke outside and blow the smoke in my face. Another comment that really got me..Take a good look at your slim waistline because won't see it for a LONG TIME! (Implied: OR Ever!) I take pride in keeping myself fit. I am a little freaked about the weight issue. I find that comment insensitive to a point of being twisted. What about the first-timers who are also former eating disorders --like me.Even the woman on the cover of this book looks like a Stepford Wife.
 Dr. Rieux, the main character of the novel, moves throughout the book in a detached surreal hopeless manner.  He goes thru the motions of "doing his job" while death surrounds him from a wide spread and accelerating plague.Dr. Rieux, the main character of the novel, moves throughout the book in a detached surreal hopeless manner.  He goes thru the motions of "doing his job" while death surrounds him from a wide spread and accelerating plague.I find Jose Saramago's "Blindess" to be a far superior book to The Plague.  Similar theme and concept but more descriptive and moving.  The Plague was clinical in its approach - almost bloodless.I find Jose Saramago's "Blindess" to be a far superior book to The Plague.  Similar theme and concept but more descriptive and moving.  The Plague was clinical in its approach - almost bloodless.I found this highly acclaimed book to be very difficult to re-read, often having to re-read many pages over and over.  I would pass on this book
 Not very scary, too long, and poor character development.  There are a lot of good reviews about the book.  Maybe I missed something
 F this self-help industry crap. Quasi-astrological poppycock at its worst. I can tell this book clamps on to the mind and squeezes it to death merely by reading the cliched title. Humans are far more complex than the hack Man-Warrior/Female-Maiden title what's-his-name gives them. And remember, this "doctor," is quietly making mucho mucho bucks off your poor purchase. Your goddamned ancestors never needed a book to run their lives, so why do you? Let's push all the life coaches off cliffs and put the self-help industry to the torch. That's a great start to a sane life
 This book shows how Robert has been lying all along. He talks about how he bought his dream car while being homeless. Ok then, how did Robert make the monthly payment? Why would he be stupid enough to sleep in a Porsch as a bum? This guy is such a liar and is trying to con the masses. He is a conman and a good one. Thats why hes a motivational speaker. It takes a good speaker to con you out of your hard earned money. Don't fall for this conman! This book contradicts what Robert has been preaching in previous books. Robert says pay off your debt while he says he bought his dream car while being homeless. That would be odd but it isn't odd because Robert is a professional liar
 This was the first book by Danielle Steele that I have read and it will be the last I read by her. I was truly disappointed and believe she is a highly over-rated author. The story was VERY drawn out and I caught myself dozing off a few times because the book was so boring. If you want to fall asleep quick then this is the book for yo
 I have very mixed feelings about this book and can't say I enjoyed it all that much. I love the story of Sappho, what little is known of it, and so I picked up this book expecting to see a historical fiction novel cut with realism, research, and certainly the unavoidable necessary lewdness of the celebrity of Lesbos. But monsters? Centaurs? I mean, the story of Sappho's life is not the story of The Odyssey and for the life of me I don't understand why  author Erica Jong decided to give her readers a combination of Greek heroine and Clash of the Titans. I have very mixed feelings about this book and can't say I enjoyed it all that much. I love the story of Sappho, what little is known of it, and so I picked up this book expecting to see a historical fiction novel cut with realism, research, and certainly the unavoidable necessary lewdness of the celebrity of Lesbos. But monsters? Centaurs? I mean, the story of Sappho's life is not the story of The Odyssey and for the life of me I don't understand why  author Erica Jong decided to give her readers a combination of Greek heroine and Clash of the Titans. Once I was able to get past the fantasy elements, I realized that I was not being pulled into the story on its own merits. There wasn't enough emotional dimension -- for all her travels, we're shown pretty landscapes and scary oceans but we don't see enough of a real character. I read Sappho's poems in college and the talented mind behind those words is NOT present in this book. Once I was able to get past the fantasy elements, I realized that I was not being pulled into the story on its own merits. There wasn't enough emotional dimension -- for all her travels, we're shown pretty landscapes and scary oceans but we don't see enough of a real character. I read Sappho's poems in college and the talented mind behind those words is NOT present in this book. I'm not saying the book is without its good points. Jong has certainly done a lot of research and her enthusiasm is many times contagious. But I found the whole bit a little odd... like picking up a book about Cleopatra and seeing her encounter dragons, unicorns, and the goddess Isis. If Jong had written about Ariadne, this all might have worked. The blend of fantasy just didn't add up to a palatable meal for me
 I usually enjoy Ms. Maron's Deborah Knott books very much. The characters are well drawn and give deep insight into Southern life. This one, however, is very flat and the characters are poorly drawn and one dimensional. The first murder doesn't seem to contribut anything to the storyline and is just "there". The second one involving Dwight's son (who is a very poorly developed child character) and his ex wife is not very interesting. I usually enjoy Ms. Maron's Deborah Knott books very much. The characters are well drawn and give deep insight into Southern life. This one, however, is very flat and the characters are poorly drawn and one dimensional. The first murder doesn't seem to contribut anything to the storyline and is just "there". The second one involving Dwight's son (who is a very poorly developed child character) and his ex wife is not very interesting. I devoutly hope this was the nadir of the series and it will improve after this. Probably not, though-I foresee several storylines involving husband/stepmother/stepchild conflicts. Glad I checked it out from the library and didn't purchase it outright..do the same and don't waste your money
 I've read a lot of the books in the series, and Hillerman is one of my favorite mystery writers, but I have to say this one fell way short of his other mysteries.  My main complaint is the presence of several plot gaps and inconsistencies not characteristic of the author--his well-crafted mysteries almost always hold water, but not this one.  I whole-heartedly recommend most of Hillerman's other Jim Chee/Joe Leaphorn novels, but if you want a good entrance into his captivating style and skill, this is not the book to pick up. 
 The story was slow, predictable and boring. I am still amazed I hung in there and finished reading it.  It's a dud in my opinion
 The sub-header to this book could very well be: "All Work & no Play makes Jack a Dull Boy". The sub-header to this book could very well be: "All Work & no Play makes Jack a Dull Boy". Basically, Tom Stanley's scholarly treatise on American wealth comes down to this mind-ripping, continent-blasting conclusion: Basically, Tom Stanley's scholarly treatise on American wealth comes down to this mind-ripping, continent-blasting conclusion: Millionaires, you see: Millionaires, you see: 1) Save more than they spend; 1) Save more than they spend; 2) Don't spend anything. 2) Don't spend anything. That's it. Page after page, chart after chart, graph after graph, anecdote piling up on anecdote, all of it boiling down to the same conclusion: don't spend more than you save. Clip coupons. Hang on to your wife `til Death you do Part. Buy a rambler for 80 grand, and cling to it like a rat clutching a Big Mac in a hurricane. That's it. Page after page, chart after chart, graph after graph, anecdote piling up on anecdote, all of it boiling down to the same conclusion: don't spend more than you save. Clip coupons. Hang on to your wife `til Death you do Part. Buy a rambler for 80 grand, and cling to it like a rat clutching a Big Mac in a hurricane. To wit: if you're a good little Bob Cratchit, and burrow down in your suburban Dacha, drive the Civic, eat Top Ramen, and take your vacations at the State Museum of Knitting & the Fine Arts, you'll die loaded!Sound like fun? To wit: if you're a good little Bob Cratchit, and burrow down in your suburban Dacha, drive the Civic, eat Top Ramen, and take your vacations at the State Museum of Knitting & the Fine Arts, you'll die loaded!Sound like fun? Didn't think so. Look: you've got one life, and after death all bets are off. Sure, you could be hauled up by the angels to Paradise, or it could just be one plate of linguini too many, a nasty flatline and one vast inky void of non-consciousness. Either way, you're looking at one single trip on this not-so-flat Earth, so you might as well live large. Didn't think so. Look: you've got one life, and after death all bets are off. Sure, you could be hauled up by the angels to Paradise, or it could just be one plate of linguini too many, a nasty flatline and one vast inky void of non-consciousness. Either way, you're looking at one single trip on this not-so-flat Earth, so you might as well live large. It's true, now: you can haul in major bank in whatever profession you choose: eremetic horror-writer, Wall Street tycoon, Railroad baron, small-town librarian, legal eagle defender of the Criminally Insane, whatever. And you can always outspend it. That is the source of endless tragedy and Dickensian woe throughout the ages, without a doubt.It's true, now: you can haul in major bank in whatever profession you choose: eremetic horror-writer, Wall Street tycoon, Railroad baron, small-town librarian, legal eagle defender of the Criminally Insane, whatever. And you can always outspend it. That is the source of endless tragedy and Dickensian woe throughout the ages, without a doubt.But there pitfalls at the other extreme. Listen: I live next door to one of these McMillionaires. The guy is this enfeebled little wizened gnome of a critter, used to be a bank Vice President and got bought out because he was a dingus. Total skinflint. Miser. Goes on his own hunting trips and brings back venison, deer meat, which he forces his family of---jesus, I think 12---to eat for months. Lives in a shacky little rambler, buys used Crown Vics from the local police department and bargain basement prices. But there pitfalls at the other extreme. Listen: I live next door to one of these McMillionaires. The guy is this enfeebled little wizened gnome of a critter, used to be a bank Vice President and got bought out because he was a dingus. Total skinflint. Miser. Goes on his own hunting trips and brings back venison, deer meat, which he forces his family of---jesus, I think 12---to eat for months. Lives in a shacky little rambler, buys used Crown Vics from the local police department and bargain basement prices. The guy, no doubt, is high net worth. But he's also a loser. The guy, no doubt, is high net worth. But he's also a loser. This is a guy who didn't want to cough up a few hundred bucks to help build a joint fence between our properties---so there's a fence, even a fence that abuts his property---but beyond my house and demesne, he elected not to build a fence. Instead, he got a plastic Jersey Barricade (orange and white) and went with that. Is that any way to live? Is that really what it means to be a `millionaire'?This is a guy who didn't want to cough up a few hundred bucks to help build a joint fence between our properties---so there's a fence, even a fence that abuts his property---but beyond my house and demesne, he elected not to build a fence. Instead, he got a plastic Jersey Barricade (orange and white) and went with that. Is that any way to live? Is that really what it means to be a `millionaire'?I think not. Half the glory of the Age of Great American Consumption is buying stuff you don't need, but want. Desire. Demand. What else is work for?  Find a way to creative bliss, work at something you're good at, that you have a real passion for, and the money will follow. I think not. Half the glory of the Age of Great American Consumption is buying stuff you don't need, but want. Desire. Demand. What else is work for?  Find a way to creative bliss, work at something you're good at, that you have a real passion for, and the money will follow. But for the Love of God, it's only Money: spend it! What is money for, if not to indulge yourself? But for the Love of God, it's only Money: spend it! What is money for, if not to indulge yourself? Sure, get a pace---plan to the end---set a budget. But how many of you want to be that newspaper column on page A3, the 95 year old dowager pauper who begged for alms on the streetcorner, ate catfood out of a tin, and scrounged for quarters by the bus stop, then was found rigid and cold in the urine-stiff sheets of her dirty bed, sprawled atop a fortune estimated at 20 million bucks? Sound like a plan? I think not. Money may not buy happiness, but it sure as hell can get you a Rolls-Royce Phantom. Sure, get a pace---plan to the end---set a budget. But how many of you want to be that newspaper column on page A3, the 95 year old dowager pauper who begged for alms on the streetcorner, ate catfood out of a tin, and scrounged for quarters by the bus stop, then was found rigid and cold in the urine-stiff sheets of her dirty bed, sprawled atop a fortune estimated at 20 million bucks? Sound like a plan? I think not. Money may not buy happiness, but it sure as hell can get you a Rolls-Royce Phantom. "Millionaire Next Door" might have it right in its sociology---and for what it is, Stanley's thesis is meticulously researched, mustered like a well-trained army, and capable of marshalling its teeming forest of facts like a well-drilled martinet---but it's off the map when it comes down to the point of the whole thing: if you've got it, flaunt it. "Millionaire Next Door" might have it right in its sociology---and for what it is, Stanley's thesis is meticulously researched, mustered like a well-trained army, and capable of marshalling its teeming forest of facts like a well-drilled martinet---but it's off the map when it comes down to the point of the whole thing: if you've got it, flaunt it. "Millionaire Next Door" isn't a bad book: it's scholarly, and plods along its own hand-me-down lodestar towards its prophesied conclusion (be cheap! Die loaded!), and perhaps some folks will be astounded to discover there are some real richies down the block who in another day would have been called skinflints. "Millionaire Next Door" isn't a bad book: it's scholarly, and plods along its own hand-me-down lodestar towards its prophesied conclusion (be cheap! Die loaded!), and perhaps some folks will be astounded to discover there are some real richies down the block who in another day would have been called skinflints. But as a map to your stars, this one is a little cramped, cribbed, dank, and stinks of mothballs. I think I'll take first class---scratch that, how much did you say that Learjet was going for, again? But as a map to your stars, this one is a little cramped, cribbed, dank, and stinks of mothballs. I think I'll take first class---scratch that, how much did you say that Learjet was going for, again? JS
 One can't be sure that this book isn't deliberately exploiting a cynical belief that most business books are so bad, that if this weren't crappy, it wouldn't sell. Even for someone who believes in Csik's theory of flow, this book is a no-win blow-out. Instead of making clear statements backed by evidence, the book's tone and presentation are mere editorializing assertions. There is no reason to read this, when his original popularization, Flow, more carefully and clearly summarizes Csikszentmihalyi's interesting research.
 I was expecting a substitute for the classic "Photoshop Channel Chops" by Monroy and friends.  It trivializes the subject with "How to unlock the hidden power of channels ... blah blah.If you want a better understanding of channels be prepared to wade through a lot of fluff with this one.  Infomercial.If you want a better understanding of channels be prepared to wade through a lot of fluff with this one.  Infomercial.    
 I don't get the impression from reading the book that the authors have even tried to analyzed the financial holdings that was set up. It is the thinnest book on Enron that I read, for very good reason.
 The storyline is way over-the-top, the plot is very poor, the red-neck-America-knows-best attitude of the writer is funny and sometimes annoying. Still, I've red worse books. But not many.
 Having read Clive Cussler adventures for over 10 years, i was totally disgusted with the redneck and narrow minded attitudes expressed in the book. The father, who does not stay with his son, decides to revenge his son fighting a war trying to kill people in someone else's country. That is perfectly justified!Having read Clive Cussler adventures for over 10 years, i was totally disgusted with the redneck and narrow minded attitudes expressed in the book. The father, who does not stay with his son, decides to revenge his son fighting a war trying to kill people in someone else's country. That is perfectly justified!The book mentions Hindu mercenaries who have not been seen anywhere in the world in any century much less this one. This is a direct insult to all Hindus as being one I am astonished at the insensitivity of the author. How come "Hickman" is not a "Christian" mercenary or for that matter the Corporation as they seem to be in this for the money. The justifications are ridiculous. India and Hindus of India have been terrorized, jailed, colonized and robbed by Christian and Muslims alike over the last 1000 plus years. You don't find us calling people by religion and we have all major religions in our secular country. We have grown spiritually to accept everyone, and I would like the authors to read more than a 2 page synopsis on religions before writing books. The book smacks of jingoism and is a pathetic display of the authors minimal knowledge of religions and global affairs
 I'll put my opinion first, so there won't be any doubt in your mind.  I don't believe that you can write useful books about national character.  Is there really such a thing as &quot;national character&quot;? People are  just too different, too unpredictable. How well can you predict the  behavior of the people closest to you ?  How well can you predict what  people in your own country will do ?  Would every Italian, if they could  write well, have written the same book as Mr. Barzini ?  I seriously doubt  it.  So what we have in THE ITALIANS is one man's views on the conglomerate  nature of 50 million Italians.  After reading it, I felt even more strongly  that such books, though possibly entertaining, are a waste of time.  An  informative book about unicorns--but do they exist ?   Anthropologists have  been concerned, for many years, in getting the &quot;inside view&quot;--the  view of a culture as seen by the person within it.  While Barzini is  indisputable Italian, he tries to visualize Italians as seen by foreign  visitors, then explain to those of us not lucky enough to travel there, why  they are as visitors see them, or why they are not as foreigners may think.   This is not a successful gambit.  Cultures are based on many general  factors--like history, socio-economic patterns, religion, family,  etc.---but the specific results are just that, specific.  Barzini covers  many topics--the importance of spectacle and giving an illusion of  something rather than actually having that quality; the family vs. the  state; Italian modes of achieving success; the north-south split; Sicily  and the Mafia; and last, the tragedy of Italy's long domination by  foreigners.  But nothing really connects.  There are only superficial,  scattered impressions, nothing very concrete to grasp.  The reader is left  with a handful of stereotypes.  Barzini is at his best when describing the  lives and modus operandi of particular characters in Italian history.   These sections were well-written and interesting.  But his portrayal of  Italian &quot;character&quot; is fuzzy, contradictory, and ultimately,  unconvincing.  Finally, if you are a lover of lists, you will thrill to  this book, because there is a list on nearly every single page.  Myself, I  got pretty tired of those lists.  If you want to know something useful  about Italy, read another book.  If you just want entertainment, which  might support any stereotypes you have about Italians, then this book could  be for you
 I agree with one the comments posted below. The main problem with this book is Mitch is a totally one-dimensional character and it's impossible to find any depth in him. Over the course of the book he doesn't change, he's unsympathetic, and by the time we've reached page 500, we don't know anything more about him than we did on page 10. I found myself dying to get to the end of this book, just so I could start another book with some substance and some well-drawn characters.I agree with one the comments posted below. The main problem with this book is Mitch is a totally one-dimensional character and it's impossible to find any depth in him. Over the course of the book he doesn't change, he's unsympathetic, and by the time we've reached page 500, we don't know anything more about him than we did on page 10. I found myself dying to get to the end of this book, just so I could start another book with some substance and some well-drawn characters.Another major problem is that most of the characters in this book use the same wise-cracking speaking style so there is no sense of the characters being different from each other in any way.Another major problem is that most of the characters in this book use the same wise-cracking speaking style so there is no sense of the characters being different from each other in any way.Overall, I thought this was mediocre and a bit of a waste of time
 You'd be better off using the internet to figure the game out. The guide feels super cluttered, it's almost hard to read and it doesn't tell you everything at the right time. I think it feels cluttered because there's too many pictures in it. Every page has at least 7 or 8 images on it. The best thing about the guide is the production value but I didn't buy for that
 Book is out of date with modern economic thought.  Essentially restates classical economics and provides little in the way of acceptance of the need for balance between government and the markets.
 Really not sure why this book received such good reviews, because it had nothing new.  Expected from the cover some reviews of outfits worn by different individuals pictured.Very disappointed ... and any (and all) of the "what not to wear" books are so much better.  Oh, Sam, did mention it's better to hand wash cashmere, oh yeah, I already know that.
 If you haven't read anything on e-commerce at all, or if you're a total newbie, the latter half of this book may offer some useful advice on how to start an online business. For someone who is already in the business or has already done some research, this book merely repeats a lot of well-known tips. Even then, some of the tips, like in section on affiliate programs, are just theoretical assumptions and projections with very little practical information on how to actually attract sales and traffic.If you haven't read anything on e-commerce at all, or if you're a total newbie, the latter half of this book may offer some useful advice on how to start an online business. For someone who is already in the business or has already done some research, this book merely repeats a lot of well-known tips. Even then, some of the tips, like in section on affiliate programs, are just theoretical assumptions and projections with very little practical information on how to actually attract sales and traffic.As for the first part of the book where Allen demonstrates how he could earn $24k in one day, I find it totally unrealistic and it certainly won't happen to anyone reading the book unless he has Robert Allen's background to begin with. Even then, this sort of strategy won't cut it with today's wise and cynical netizens anymore.
 This book is built around the idea "I wish it were true = it is true".  While this book has innate appeal to those looking for meaning in their lives, if you're looking for a firm foundation for understanding coincidences in your life (i.e. intellectual integrity), you'd be better off buying an introduction to probability
 Compared to his other superb books, this is one is tedious and boring.  The overall thesis is a stretch - trying to find equivalences between pre-industrial (and pre-printing press) 13th century price paterns and those of the industrialized and post-industrial 20th century requires ignoring far to many factors.  At a minimum comparing a world in which 90% of the population are attached to agricultural production and illiterate to world where almost precicly the reverse holds is just too big a leap to swallow.Compared to his other superb books, this is one is tedious and boring.  The overall thesis is a stretch - trying to find equivalences between pre-industrial (and pre-printing press) 13th century price paterns and those of the industrialized and post-industrial 20th century requires ignoring far to many factors.  At a minimum comparing a world in which 90% of the population are attached to agricultural production and illiterate to world where almost precicly the reverse holds is just too big a leap to swallow.Sadly, one suspects more than a little political axe-grinding is involved. Sadly, one suspects more than a little political axe-grinding is involved. Enjoy Fischer's other books where he excells, but you won't miss much if you neglect to read The Great Wave.  Besides, the subject has been better treated elsewhere by authors not so obviously out of their depth
 Bill is very boring typically talks about business tips you already know.  The show was much better, you should buy that.  Kwame is much smater and deserved the job.  I can tell that this book is another promotional tool.  Don't waste even a cent on this book
 My introduction to Borges was through the collection Labyrinths. I immediately fell in love with the stories, the prose, the poetry, and so went on to buy this complete volume. While it is nice to have all Borges's stories in one place, and at a reasonable price, the language doesn't really hold up for me. The translation is... well, not sloppy, but too simple, like those childrens' versions of classic novels they pressed on you in 5th grade. I have nothing against Andrew Hurley, but his translation of Borges leaves me cold. I'd give Borges 5 stars out of 5, but Hurley? No more than 2.
 Found recipes dated, layout makes it difficult to use and although some of the how-to is useful, its generally from another era. Bought Gourmet cook book instead
 When I bought this book, I didn't realize it was mostly just a consolidated writing of Friedman's collumns in the Times.  I think Friedman is a great author with lots of great insights, but he isn't able to go into his ideas in depth as much as I would have liked in a bunch of detached 750-1000 word segments.  Since the sections are arranged chronologically, there also isn't the opportunity to tie the themes together.  When I bought this book, I didn't realize it was mostly just a consolidated writing of Friedman's collumns in the Times.  I think Friedman is a great author with lots of great insights, but he isn't able to go into his ideas in depth as much as I would have liked in a bunch of detached 750-1000 word segments.  Since the sections are arranged chronologically, there also isn't the opportunity to tie the themes together.  If you really like Friedman, then it's worth a read, but if you are in it for just one, I'd read The Lexus and the Olive Tree first.  It is by far his best
 The very title for the book - "I Con" - despite its cleverness, should reveal the lack of any objectivity, or class for that matter, from the authors, Jeffrey S. Young & William L. Simon.I could best describe this book as a shoddy pastiche of ambiguous-sounding facts, poor research, colored by a palpable disdain for [arguably the most interesting legend of our time] Steve Jobs. What is really distasteful is that this antipathy of the authors towards Steve Jobs, seems 'personal'; which, in a democratic sense, may be alright i guess, [but only] UNTIL facts begin to wear thin, and the research seems doctored, leaving the rants sounding hollow, unsavory and shrill.And the facts aren't well-strung together either!And the facts aren't well-strung together either!From the very opening description in the book, which overdramatizes and harps on about the return of a "reformed" Steve Jobs, to Apple in 1997 (as though the most unfathomably impossible phenomenon in the history of humankind had occurred), to the careful selection of maliciously undertoned quotations, and quite often blatant slanders about Jobs, the book appears to be a collation of 'hate diaries' maintained by two wannabe authors, whose sole purpose in writing this book seems to be to fuel an anti-Steve sentiment among its readers!From the very opening description in the book, which overdramatizes and harps on about the return of a "reformed" Steve Jobs, to Apple in 1997 (as though the most unfathomably impossible phenomenon in the history of humankind had occurred), to the careful selection of maliciously undertoned quotations, and quite often blatant slanders about Jobs, the book appears to be a collation of 'hate diaries' maintained by two wannabe authors, whose sole purpose in writing this book seems to be to fuel an anti-Steve sentiment among its readers!If you happen to be one of those people, who finds some twisted pleasure in those idle conversations that involve scandalmongering [especially Steve Jobs], then this book should provide ample fuel for your negative energy
 Like most great diplomatic moments, successes and failures alike, decades will pass before anything approaching a full history of the Camp David debacle can appear.  Even then, disagreements on the apportionment of blame will likely continue on for decades after.  Given the wide interest in the Israeli-Arab conflict and the complex nature of the negotiations, new works exploring the crucial climax at Camp David remain welcome.  Some dismiss Mr. Swisher's work because he was not in fact part of the negotiating team, but instead was responsible at Camp David only for negotiations.  That seems to me unfair.  Clayton Swisher clearly did considerable "leg work" to prepare this text; sadly both his rather obvious bias and almost juvenile desire to settle scores renders what could have been an important work at best suspect.Like most great diplomatic moments, successes and failures alike, decades will pass before anything approaching a full history of the Camp David debacle can appear.  Even then, disagreements on the apportionment of blame will likely continue on for decades after.  Given the wide interest in the Israeli-Arab conflict and the complex nature of the negotiations, new works exploring the crucial climax at Camp David remain welcome.  Some dismiss Mr. Swisher's work because he was not in fact part of the negotiating team, but instead was responsible at Camp David only for negotiations.  That seems to me unfair.  Clayton Swisher clearly did considerable "leg work" to prepare this text; sadly both his rather obvious bias and almost juvenile desire to settle scores renders what could have been an important work at best suspect.Mr. Swisher's book follows on the heels of Dennis Ross's interesting "The Missing Peace" and, given Mr. Ross's direct involvement in the negotiations; no one could be blamed for looking at other works as well.  However, Mr. Swisher spends much of his time looking to lay the blame at Mr. Ross's feet, even when he makes claims that others at Camp David, many more central then Mr. Swisher directly contradict his statements.  Much for example is made in this work of Mr. Ross's change of "municipal Jerusalem" to "greater Jerusalem" in a draft as if this caused the breakdown of the agreement.  Unfortunately, Ross's change in fact was a return to an earlier draft after being changed by Robert Malley, a member of the US team and now often a talking head representing the Palestinian point of view, who made the alteration without consulting any of the parties.  Malley has never denied this.  Moreover, days would pass before the negotiations actually broke down.Mr. Swisher's book follows on the heels of Dennis Ross's interesting "The Missing Peace" and, given Mr. Ross's direct involvement in the negotiations; no one could be blamed for looking at other works as well.  However, Mr. Swisher spends much of his time looking to lay the blame at Mr. Ross's feet, even when he makes claims that others at Camp David, many more central then Mr. Swisher directly contradict his statements.  Much for example is made in this work of Mr. Ross's change of "municipal Jerusalem" to "greater Jerusalem" in a draft as if this caused the breakdown of the agreement.  Unfortunately, Ross's change in fact was a return to an earlier draft after being changed by Robert Malley, a member of the US team and now often a talking head representing the Palestinian point of view, who made the alteration without consulting any of the parties.  Malley has never denied this.  Moreover, days would pass before the negotiations actually broke down.Swisher's target, perhaps seeking to sell books by putting forward a contradictory point of view, shifts the blame wherever he can to Israel and the US negotiating team.  While such an effort might well be reasonable, Mr. Swisher often twists facts, making excuses for Palestinian gaffs while blowing minor facts out of all proportion.  For example, Mr. Swisher brushes aside the days lost when Mr. Arafat and the Palestinian team insisted that Jews had no historic link to Jerusalem or the Temple Mound -- a position farcical on its face -- as mere posturing.  However, he never mentions that such ideas, undermining the Jewish people very claim to the Land, serve only to inflame the parties and make agreement almost impossible.  Nor does Swisher ever consider the Palestinians failure to negotiate in good faith, treating every Israeli offer simply as a new base line, rather than offering any proposals of their own.  Again, even Robert Malley concedes that this disingenuous strategy by the Palestinians likely doomed Camp David from the start.Swisher's target, perhaps seeking to sell books by putting forward a contradictory point of view, shifts the blame wherever he can to Israel and the US negotiating team.  While such an effort might well be reasonable, Mr. Swisher often twists facts, making excuses for Palestinian gaffs while blowing minor facts out of all proportion.  For example, Mr. Swisher brushes aside the days lost when Mr. Arafat and the Palestinian team insisted that Jews had no historic link to Jerusalem or the Temple Mound -- a position farcical on its face -- as mere posturing.  However, he never mentions that such ideas, undermining the Jewish people very claim to the Land, serve only to inflame the parties and make agreement almost impossible.  Nor does Swisher ever consider the Palestinians failure to negotiate in good faith, treating every Israeli offer simply as a new base line, rather than offering any proposals of their own.  Again, even Robert Malley concedes that this disingenuous strategy by the Palestinians likely doomed Camp David from the start.Swisher's dismissal of all Israeli concerns reaches a crescendo when he simply casts aside as silly Israel's interest and the Palestinian's refusal of any compromise for the so-called "right of return," or the claim that all Palestinian who left the area of modern Israel and all their descendants must have a right immigrate to Israel, a right held by no other people.  As to the simple fact that this would lead to the destruction of the Jewish State and that the Palestinians are thus expecting Israel to commit national suicide, on this problem Mr. Swisher remains silent.Swisher's dismissal of all Israeli concerns reaches a crescendo when he simply casts aside as silly Israel's interest and the Palestinian's refusal of any compromise for the so-called "right of return," or the claim that all Palestinian who left the area of modern Israel and all their descendants must have a right immigrate to Israel, a right held by no other people.  As to the simple fact that this would lead to the destruction of the Jewish State and that the Palestinians are thus expecting Israel to commit national suicide, on this problem Mr. Swisher remains silent.Lastly, one cannot help but marvel at Mr. Swisher's odd coverage of the events after Camp David.  That Yasser Arafat led a bloody war against Israel rather than offering an alternative proposal for peace is dismissed.  Mr. Swisher combs through events searching for, magnifying, and twisting any event that will make Israel look bad, while at the same time minimizing or even ignoring the waves of suicide terrorists who have murdered hundreds of Israeli civilians in cold blood.  Mr. Swisher even parrots points of Palestinian propaganda so thoroughly disproved that even Palestinian leaders no longer mention them, such as the claim of massacres during Israeli operations in Jenin, which exhaustive study long ago proved to be nothing more than a fabrication.  Lastly, one cannot help but marvel at Mr. Swisher's odd coverage of the events after Camp David.  That Yasser Arafat led a bloody war against Israel rather than offering an alternative proposal for peace is dismissed.  Mr. Swisher combs through events searching for, magnifying, and twisting any event that will make Israel look bad, while at the same time minimizing or even ignoring the waves of suicide terrorists who have murdered hundreds of Israeli civilians in cold blood.  Mr. Swisher even parrots points of Palestinian propaganda so thoroughly disproved that even Palestinian leaders no longer mention them, such as the claim of massacres during Israeli operations in Jenin, which exhaustive study long ago proved to be nothing more than a fabrication.  Curiosity will cause readers to ask why Mr. Swisher takes this extremely biased view.  Fortunately, he lays out his rather simplistic point of view at the very beginning of the book by writing the following, "The primary reason for Arab and Muslim anger against America has been and remains unbridled support for Israel's oppression of the Palestinians."  Again, one can only muse as to why Mr. Swisher does not take Osama bin Laden at his word when he spoke shortly after 9/11 that his hatred manifests from the presence of American Christian soldiers in the heart of Islamic holy lands like Saudi Arabia and later Iraq.  Surely neither the bombings in Madrid or more recently in London had anything to do with Israel, but it seems for Mr. Swisher's simplistic world view, it is at the door step of the Jewish state where all blame is to be laid.  
 The religion of peace is at it again!  In response to the popes words, muslims all over the world respond with violence, destruction, rage, hatred, burning down buildings, burning papal effigies, issuing fatwas against the pope, and even shooting a 70 year old nun in the back.  Wow, such peace from a religion of "peace".  If Islam is a religion of peace, then all the guns in the world are pink flowers, and every nuclear bomb, a soft feathery pillow.  Violence for words.  Destruction for speech.  PLEASE!  This is a religion of war, and bereft mindless 70 year old bags like Noam have begun to lose a lot of mental function with age.  This old bag of a man gives Muslims free passes and blames America.The religion of peace is at it again!  In response to the popes words, muslims all over the world respond with violence, destruction, rage, hatred, burning down buildings, burning papal effigies, issuing fatwas against the pope, and even shooting a 70 year old nun in the back.  Wow, such peace from a religion of "peace".  If Islam is a religion of peace, then all the guns in the world are pink flowers, and every nuclear bomb, a soft feathery pillow.  Violence for words.  Destruction for speech.  PLEASE!  This is a religion of war, and bereft mindless 70 year old bags like Noam have begun to lose a lot of mental function with age.  This old bag of a man gives Muslims free passes and blames America. Question:  When will the world start holding to account the actions of Muslims, and stop blaming others, such as Bush, America, the Pope, or God knows who else? How many more innocent people will die at the hand of Muslims before the western world finally, and for the first time, holds the Muslims accountable for their own actions, rather than someone else?  Question:  When will the world start holding to account the actions of Muslims, and stop blaming others, such as Bush, America, the Pope, or God knows who else? How many more innocent people will die at the hand of Muslims before the western world finally, and for the first time, holds the Muslims accountable for their own actions, rather than someone else?    Well Im sick of the left defending this vile cesspool of Islamofacism.  Im tired of the leftist media beating up on Israel and coming to the side of middle-eastern tyrants who shoot 70 year old nuns in the back in response to spoken words.  And then these radical leftists have the audacity blame the pope!  Can you believe it?!!  Yes, idiots all over the western world actually blame the pope for the mindless violence and destruction that followed from a spoken word.  Its unreal!  A grown man got a gun, deliberately aimed it at a 70 year old woman's backside, and deliberately pulled the trigger, purposefully killing her in cold blood....and yet according to socialist America-hating leftists, he couldn't help it.  Its not his fault...its the Pope's fault guys!    Respond to words with violence, and then blame the speaker, absolving the person who actually commits the violence of responsibility.  As absurd as that sounds, I'm sad to say there are actually people all over the world who think that.  And they are idiots (like Noam)
 Very little plot, which is boring.The reader should be paid by the page, if not by the word, to read this book!
 I bought this book this weekend as we're doing the pre-five in a Row w/our preschooler and I don't much like it. I've got a mother w/borderline personality disorder and who doesn't observe personal boundaries of other's what-so-ever (if I need a break away, she hunts down my poor husband, all my relatives and friends- ugh) and so this book just kind of made my stomach turn as I could see her reading this to me and justifying her 'stalker mom' mentality. I bought this book this weekend as we're doing the pre-five in a Row w/our preschooler and I don't much like it. I've got a mother w/borderline personality disorder and who doesn't observe personal boundaries of other's what-so-ever (if I need a break away, she hunts down my poor husband, all my relatives and friends- ugh) and so this book just kind of made my stomach turn as I could see her reading this to me and justifying her 'stalker mom' mentality. In the end, I think if a person is from a semi-normal household w/proper respect for a child's boundaries and need for space away from their parents, then this book is okay. I just find some moms are too smoothering- even ones w/o personality disorders- and this book doesn't send a message about love as much as 'I own you'. I like 'Mama Do You Love Me?' better for explaining to a child a parent's unconditional love.In the end, I think if a person is from a semi-normal household w/proper respect for a child's boundaries and need for space away from their parents, then this book is okay. I just find some moms are too smoothering- even ones w/o personality disorders- and this book doesn't send a message about love as much as 'I own you'. I like 'Mama Do You Love Me?' better for explaining to a child a parent's unconditional love.'Good-Night Moon' by Margaret Wise Brown, however, is by far my children's all time favorite book. I was reading that one to them ineutero and still every night before they go to bed. They love it and so do we as parents. But this one even creeped my hubby out and he's from a fairly 'normal' family.Take it w/a grain of salt
 Aside from the 1958 Championship Game and the 1968 Super Bowl, the actual football games got very short shrift. The 1964 Championship Game didn't even get a MENTION! Whole years are virtually ignored. Very, very little discussion of Unitas' career and his impact on the game: mostly just anecdotes about family, friends, and teammates, and way too much space devoted to post-mortem comments from same. I think I learned way more about Johnny Sample and Gino Marchetti and Jim Parker from this book than I learned about Unitas. And that's not saying much. There's a lot of padding in this book but precious little information. And a lot of the anecdotes will be familiar if you're a football fan. Wait for the paperback if you're a Unitas devotee; otherwise don't bother.
 This is the first book by Shaara I have read. And, if his other works are like this, it is also the last.  This is the first book by Shaara I have read. And, if his other works are like this, it is also the last.  On the cover, J. Persico is quoted as saying Shaara makes "literature read like history and history read like literature."  He goes on to claim that Shaara brings the war to "pulsating life."  I have even read a review that claimed this book was better than Remarque's All Quiet on the Western Front.  On the cover, J. Persico is quoted as saying Shaara makes "literature read like history and history read like literature."  He goes on to claim that Shaara brings the war to "pulsating life."  I have even read a review that claimed this book was better than Remarque's All Quiet on the Western Front.  I must have been reading a different book.  The first chapter, The Replacement, is a great short story.  After reading it, I had hight expectations for the book.  Unfortunately, it falls apart after that great beginning and it is a dull affair that completely lacks any sense of a coherent narrative from a literary point of view.  And, the history reads like an 8th grade textbook. I must have been reading a different book.  The first chapter, The Replacement, is a great short story.  After reading it, I had hight expectations for the book.  Unfortunately, it falls apart after that great beginning and it is a dull affair that completely lacks any sense of a coherent narrative from a literary point of view.  And, the history reads like an 8th grade textbook. His narrative style is unable to give life to people that actually lived.  They are flatly presented and there is no sense of really caring about what happens to them.  His narrative style is unable to give life to people that actually lived.  They are flatly presented and there is no sense of really caring about what happens to them.  After the dislocated short story of the first chapter, the book delves into a long-winded story of the flying aces, interspersed with summaries of historic events that do little more than ruin the flow of the story.  It frequently feels like the book is written for people who are unwilling to read a real history book.After the dislocated short story of the first chapter, the book delves into a long-winded story of the flying aces, interspersed with summaries of historic events that do little more than ruin the flow of the story.  It frequently feels like the book is written for people who are unwilling to read a real history book.Shaara doesn't even begin dealing with the trench warfare of the war until the 1918's, when the Americans arrive, focusing, as I noted before, primarily on the air war that occurred in the first years of the war. I should point out that the air war would be interesting reading in a book of its own.  Here, however, it seems more to reflect that the author did not deem the ground warfare fought by non-Americans worthy of a story. Or was too lazy to research the events enough to write about the ground war from the British or French perspective. Shaara doesn't even begin dealing with the trench warfare of the war until the 1918's, when the Americans arrive, focusing, as I noted before, primarily on the air war that occurred in the first years of the war. I should point out that the air war would be interesting reading in a book of its own.  Here, however, it seems more to reflect that the author did not deem the ground warfare fought by non-Americans worthy of a story. Or was too lazy to research the events enough to write about the ground war from the British or French perspective. And, I have no particularly problem with him focusing on the American perspective on the war, but then why bother with writing anything prior to our entry?  I suppose a smaller book doesn't sell as well.And, I have no particularly problem with him focusing on the American perspective on the war, but then why bother with writing anything prior to our entry?  I suppose a smaller book doesn't sell as well.For those interested in historical fiction, I would recommend Bernard Cornwall's work.  And, perhaps, Shaara can learn a bit from him
 This book is an nice collection of differing points of views about latinos/hispanics. However it's primarily philisophical. It's more confusing than inspiring. It's great for those studying for a phD, but will not inspire average latinos to action. This book tilts slightly more towards the assimilationist point of view, although a few writers do express some pan-latino thoughts.
 J.K. Rowling successfully put me off this book series within the first two chapters of this book.  The characters personalities were wavering in book 5, in this they completely vanished or mutated.  I'll only be getting the 7th one because it's the last one and I've read this far so I might as well go the whole way. J.K. Rowling successfully put me off this book series within the first two chapters of this book.  The characters personalities were wavering in book 5, in this they completely vanished or mutated.  I'll only be getting the 7th one because it's the last one and I've read this far so I might as well go the whole way. In books one through four the trio of Harry, Ron, and Hermione were loveable characters tenaciously and cleverly seeking out the answers to the mysteries that came up each year and saving the day.  Book 5 had them doing more angsting and screaming than mystery solving, and more whining than day saving. Book 6 made them stand in paper doll doing a bad job miming the motions the real characters would have done.In books one through four the trio of Harry, Ron, and Hermione were loveable characters tenaciously and cleverly seeking out the answers to the mysteries that came up each year and saving the day.  Book 5 had them doing more angsting and screaming than mystery solving, and more whining than day saving. Book 6 made them stand in paper doll doing a bad job miming the motions the real characters would have done.This book Harry seemed to care more about romance.  A very poorly done romance littered with cheezy phrases and romantic moments on par with the worst of bad fanfiction; which had no background or build up from previous books.  A female character from the background, whom Harry barely even notices all through the past five books, is suddenly the most perfect and beautiful girl in the school in mary-sue fashion.  Several other characters in both the foreground and background were also unfortunately treated to Rowlings amature attempts at romance, none of which bore any revelance to plot or story.This book Harry seemed to care more about romance.  A very poorly done romance littered with cheezy phrases and romantic moments on par with the worst of bad fanfiction; which had no background or build up from previous books.  A female character from the background, whom Harry barely even notices all through the past five books, is suddenly the most perfect and beautiful girl in the school in mary-sue fashion.  Several other characters in both the foreground and background were also unfortunately treated to Rowlings amature attempts at romance, none of which bore any revelance to plot or story.Harry also had a significant decline in morality and intelligence.  The clever boy who put clues together with his friends now cheats in one of his classes and makes one stupid mistake after another.  The image of Harry that stuck with me and seemed to glare off the pages every time he spoke or did anything was of him lying, frozen in a curled position on the floor of the train with blood coming out of his broken nose, under his invisibility cloak and rolling around with the trains motion after a particularly stupid episode with Malfoy.Harry also had a significant decline in morality and intelligence.  The clever boy who put clues together with his friends now cheats in one of his classes and makes one stupid mistake after another.  The image of Harry that stuck with me and seemed to glare off the pages every time he spoke or did anything was of him lying, frozen in a curled position on the floor of the train with blood coming out of his broken nose, under his invisibility cloak and rolling around with the trains motion after a particularly stupid episode with Malfoy.As to the general plot of the book.  Poorly done.  Continually backstaged by sickeningly done romance and angst it barely made an impression on me.  Most of the 'revealations' in the book revealed nothing not already known or obvious from old information, and the culmination of what Harry was not-quite-solving didn't amount to anything.As to the general plot of the book.  Poorly done.  Continually backstaged by sickeningly done romance and angst it barely made an impression on me.  Most of the 'revealations' in the book revealed nothing not already known or obvious from old information, and the culmination of what Harry was not-quite-solving didn't amount to anything.My final opinion: Don't bother to read past book 4 if you're just starting the series and care anything at all about characterization.  A very disappointing book
 The premise of this story started off smartly. I was drawn in as a reader as Case set up an unusaul plot where the protagonist is in Russia to cover a minor story only to be pushed aside while his sources of information are taken away. But from this point onwards the story becomes painfully predictable as time after time Case takes the predictable rout. Finally the story completely falls apart and it was like when you watch one of those really bad action flicks where the hero saves the day time after time and its so stupid that you get a bad headache. The premise of this story started off smartly. I was drawn in as a reader as Case set up an unusaul plot where the protagonist is in Russia to cover a minor story only to be pushed aside while his sources of information are taken away. But from this point onwards the story becomes painfully predictable as time after time Case takes the predictable rout. Finally the story completely falls apart and it was like when you watch one of those really bad action flicks where the hero saves the day time after time and its so stupid that you get a bad headache. I have read one other Case book I think, his "Kingdome Come" that was written under a psudo name, or maybe Case is the psudo name, I'm not sure. But what I am trying to say here is that 'Kingdome Come' was much better than 'First Horseman.' Its still a little corny, but it reads like a more contemporary Ludlum
 Keynes was no doubt an influential economist.  His theories and 'expertise' on economics influenced the post-New Deal economic policies of the United States and the internationalist wealth redistribution schemes like IMF.  However, his ideas on economics failed miserably and it was application of Keynesian ideas that wrecked so much havoc on the U.S. particularly in the 1970s with the stagflation (an inflationary recession with unemployment which was theoretically impossible accordingly to Keynesism.)  We have Keynes to thank for budget deficits and the nebulous idea that we can spend ourselves into prosperity through the largesse of the federal government.  Read Planning for Freedom or Socialism by Ludwig von Mises instead
 I was really disappointed with this book.  A lot of the recipes are identical to one another, with just one ingredient - eg a different type of vegetable - substituted.  With no pictures and not much more content, I really regret buying it. 
 I read this short novel because I greatly admired Shaara's Pulitzer Prize winning "Killer Angels," and because I'm a baseball fan.  The novel feels more like an outline or first draft than a completed work about an aging pitcher.  It's a bit shallow and predictable in its plot.  The characters are what one expects in all too many sports novels and short stories.  The feel or atmosphere just isn't quite there.I read this short novel because I greatly admired Shaara's Pulitzer Prize winning "Killer Angels," and because I'm a baseball fan.  The novel feels more like an outline or first draft than a completed work about an aging pitcher.  It's a bit shallow and predictable in its plot.  The characters are what one expects in all too many sports novels and short stories.  The feel or atmosphere just isn't quite there.Any baseball fan will see flaws in the book right away, flaws that distract and damage the work.  Shaara sets most of the novel in Yankee Stadium with the Hawks playing the Yankees.  Why the author chose to have one real team against a fictional team is unclear.  The Hawks apparently are from Atlanta, but an Atlanta team, Braves or Hawks, whichever, would not be playing the Yankees interleague on the next to last day of the season.  Finally, when a visiting pitcher goes out to warm up before the game, he does so in the semi-hidden bull pen down the left field line in Yankee Stadium--not on the mound on the field.Any baseball fan will see flaws in the book right away, flaws that distract and damage the work.  Shaara sets most of the novel in Yankee Stadium with the Hawks playing the Yankees.  Why the author chose to have one real team against a fictional team is unclear.  The Hawks apparently are from Atlanta, but an Atlanta team, Braves or Hawks, whichever, would not be playing the Yankees interleague on the next to last day of the season.  Finally, when a visiting pitcher goes out to warm up before the game, he does so in the semi-hidden bull pen down the left field line in Yankee Stadium--not on the mound on the field.This book was published posthumously and Mr. Shaara perhaps never had a chance to polish his prose--prose that was excellent in "Killer Angels."  It's unfortunate.This book was published posthumously and Mr. Shaara perhaps never had a chance to polish his prose--prose that was excellent in "Killer Angels."  It's unfortunate.There are glimmers of interest in the book, but not enough to recommend it to baseball fans or fans of the author's other book
 Lies, half truths, spin and glitz.  Of course there is some truth sprinkled in.  Self promoting TV stars are more interested in being self promoting TV stars than truth. Theres just not enough time for both. At best it's entertainment, at worst it misleads the children.  And finally they are all biblically illiterate.  So be careful...especially with TBN.
 Because you wait and wait, and then three don't turn up at once
 This book is not as good as i thought it would be.  I hope i have better readings with Bryan Tracy's Advance selling
 Wright presents no new information about Al-Qaeda, leaves out plenty of information about Al-Qaeda and neglects the USA side of "the road to 9/11."  Understanding Qutb's radicalization of Islam is important to understanding why Ayman al-Zawahiri and Usama exist and also why they failed at creating theocracies and were lame ducks until the USA found a use for them as an enemy.  What cannot be neglected is the myths spread about the United States by the Neoconservatives and followers of Leo Strauss.  The United States is not a unique and beautiful snowflake.  The liberal idea of individual freedom was decried by Strauss as destructive of the society of the USA and he told his followers to keep the public in line with grand myths about US exceptionalism.  After the the Soviet Union was kicked out of Afghanistan, both Qutb and Strauss' followers believed they were the cause of it.  Since the Cold War the US has been working off of the "friend and enemy" model of policy formulated by Carl Schmitt and 9/11 presented the US with what Schmitt called a "state of exemption."  If you think jihad was the cause of 9/11, ask yourself why Richard Clarke found Bush and his advisors saying find a way to tie this to Iraq hours after 9/11.  See the BBC documentary, "The Power of Nightmares" or "From Secularism to Jihad: Sayyid Qutb and the Foundations of Radical Islamism" by Adnan A. Musallam or the Political Ideas of Leo Strauss by Shadia Drury for a better analysis of Qutb and Strauss than Wright has in his book.  If you prefer to stick with fiction about "the road to 9/11," check out Patrick S. Johnston's novel "Mission Accomplished.
 If you've read one Gary Null book, you've read them all.  He is no doubt highly knowledgeable and dedicated to his subject, but when I buy two books with different titles by Gary Null and find they are the same, I'm pretty annoyed.  His early books were taken directly from Herbert Sheldon's Natural Hygience material, which I assume must not have been copyrighted, and I felt ripped off then, in the 70's as I did recently when Amazon was good enough to give me a refund for one of the books. 
 Unfortunately, instead of an thorough analysis of the genesis, justifications, and problems with overarching property rights, DeLong acts as a mouthpiece for other property rights activists.  DeLong covers some of the same ground as Congressman Richard Pombo in his 1996 This Land Is Our Land, simply emphasizing anomalous examples instead of practicable solutions.  DeLong's denial of the externalities resulting from uninhibited development leave his analysis unbalanced and ill-founded.  DeLong's politics overcome his analysis.  This book is similar to his condemnation of industry for their recognition to the denial of carbon dioxide emissions.  (...)  His political agenda overwhelm his rational
 this was certainly not one of Cornwell's best works.  IT was almost like a couple of possible novels rolled into one.  It read like a draft for a novel rather tahn a complete novel
 This book really irritated me. I loved Mayes's previous books and was really looking forward to reading this one. The concept, a year of traveling to different locations, seemed like it would be really interesting combined with Mayes' fresh perspectives, enthusiasm for discovery, feisty opinions and poetic descriptions. But somehow it didn't work. This book really irritated me. I loved Mayes's previous books and was really looking forward to reading this one. The concept, a year of traveling to different locations, seemed like it would be really interesting combined with Mayes' fresh perspectives, enthusiasm for discovery, feisty opinions and poetic descriptions. But somehow it didn't work. I get the sense that her heart wasn't really in this book. Maybe because the trips were taken over a span of five years, and cobbled together? Or because there's so much `padding' - endless quotes from her own or other people's writing. When she liked the place, her descriptions feel artificially enthusiastic, almost as if the book was paid for by the chamber of commerce. I got tired of reading that she could live there, or could imagine taking her grandson there, or wishes she was born there, or that it's SO much better than San Francisco. Where she doesn't live anymore, and hasn't for years. There are also too many stories about refreshing local characters who think Frances Mayes is the nicest, most tasteful, most interesting person they've ever met. Especially since these people tend to be waiters, cab drivers, rug salesmen or others whose business depends on charming the tourists. I get the sense that her heart wasn't really in this book. Maybe because the trips were taken over a span of five years, and cobbled together? Or because there's so much `padding' - endless quotes from her own or other people's writing. When she liked the place, her descriptions feel artificially enthusiastic, almost as if the book was paid for by the chamber of commerce. I got tired of reading that she could live there, or could imagine taking her grandson there, or wishes she was born there, or that it's SO much better than San Francisco. Where she doesn't live anymore, and hasn't for years. There are also too many stories about refreshing local characters who think Frances Mayes is the nicest, most tasteful, most interesting person they've ever met. Especially since these people tend to be waiters, cab drivers, rug salesmen or others whose business depends on charming the tourists. Most of the book consists of sneering at her fellow Americans, or talking about people's personal appearance. This is boring and clichd - and if you like that kind of thing, Bill Bryson does it better. There's also way too much name dropping (she's always mentioning "my friend so-and-so, the famous ____"). What happened to the ordinary, financially stretched, middle-aged college professor? She seems to be taking on the persona of a celebrity. She doesn't want to be crowded in with a group, doesn't want to associate with ordinary tourist types - now she deserves the VIP treatment. This is definitely a change from her previous books.Most of the book consists of sneering at her fellow Americans, or talking about people's personal appearance. This is boring and clichd - and if you like that kind of thing, Bill Bryson does it better. There's also way too much name dropping (she's always mentioning "my friend so-and-so, the famous ____"). What happened to the ordinary, financially stretched, middle-aged college professor? She seems to be taking on the persona of a celebrity. She doesn't want to be crowded in with a group, doesn't want to associate with ordinary tourist types - now she deserves the VIP treatment. This is definitely a change from her previous books.I think when it comes right down to it, there's too much Frances Mayes in this book. I thought I liked her, but what I really like is her writing style. It can still be magical - when she gets her ego out of the way. But when she puts herself front and center, she becomes more tedious and pretentious than interesting. Now I'm sorry I read this book, because I'm afraid it will spoil my enjoyment of the earlier ones.
 The work of a 12 year-old without talent. Phrases are tediously cobbled with clumsy, inappropriate similies. Story line is absurd. If this were Koontz's first novel, no publisher would touch it
 Hateful liberals once again undermine their so-called ideology by promoting the hatred of over half the US population. They claim to be tolerant and open-minded toward all lifestyles,religions, races etc... but that open-mindedness obviously shouldn't apply to people who disagree with them. Throughout the "book," Moore also demonstrates his racism towards caucasians and thin people. If you like this book, I also recommend Mein Kampf by Adolf Hitler. Both "books" are jam-packed full of hate.
 Who published these weak translations?  Yup, they are on newsprint and get smudged immediately.  How about using real paper?  B&N needs to stop thinking opportunistically and start thinking about quality
 I bought this book because of the 4 star rating by readers.  Let me be candid....what the hell were they reading?  This book is simply insipid, implausible and a waste of time.  Get this for a premise....rich, geeky guy buys a major league baseball team called the "Connecticut Nutmegs"!  Nutmegs for a major league team??!!  Yeah, right.  It gets better....he has an incredibly sexy girl friend who stars in the C-list movies he produces....ok hold on to your seats, here comes the good part....she is going to be his star player on this MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL team!!  Why, because in college she was an excellent athlete.  So some buxom starlet who ran track in college is going to play major league baseball!!  Am I the only one who thinks this is plain stupid.  Oh, yeah there's a murder along the way.  Parker (author) must have pictures of the publisher having sex with a goat otherwise I can't think of a reason why it got published.             
 Having read "The Millionaire Next Door," as well as most if not all of the classics in this category, I expected life-altering experiences with this book.Having read "The Millionaire Next Door," as well as most if not all of the classics in this category, I expected life-altering experiences with this book.There were too many statistics, and statistics that contradicted one another, not to mention generalizations about various subgroups that, try as I did, I had to put my copy down and use it at first for a door stop, then because the cover art is great, I decided leaving it on the coffee table makes a great conversation piece.There were too many statistics, and statistics that contradicted one another, not to mention generalizations about various subgroups that, try as I did, I had to put my copy down and use it at first for a door stop, then because the cover art is great, I decided leaving it on the coffee table makes a great conversation piece.
 Most books that set out to explain why organisms behave as they do describe observations of behaviour on almost every page. The books of Richard Dawkins, whom Rose selects as his special target, illustrate this well: readers can reject all of his interpretations while remaining fascinated by the purely factual information that they contain. How one can hope to convince anyone of the truth of a theory without supporting it with abundant facts? Yet hard biological information is extremely sparse in Rose's book. There is a great deal about what he thinks of other biologists' opinions, but almost no observations from behavioural biology. Nonetheless, in his preface he aligns himself with the practising biologists "who spend a significant part of every working day thinking about and designing experiments", dismissing Dawkins and Daniel Dennett as "people who either no longer do science or never did it." What a pity, therefore, that he chose to include so little of the experimental basis of his ideas in his book. There are a few vague remarks about how chicks behave, and that's about it. 
 The first twenty pages of the book quickly sparks your interest but soon after that, the story drags until it picks back up again toward the last third of the book.  I think the story would have been more credible if Barr would have thoroughly explored the inner workings of her fictional religious sect and offered more details about it.  Without those details, the book seemed "unfinished".  It was like watching a movie and only viewing the actions of the good guy without being exposed to villain.  Boring in my opinion.                                                                                                                                                                                           
 I'll put my opinion first, so there won't be any doubt in your mind.  I don't believe that you can write useful books about national character.  Is there really such a thing as &quot;national character&quot;? People are  just too different, too unpredictable. How well can you predict the  behavior of the people closest to you ?  How well can you predict what  people in your own country will do ?  Would every Italian, if they could  write well, have written the same book as Mr. Barzini ?  I seriously doubt  it.  So what we have in THE ITALIANS is one man's views on the conglomerate  nature of 50 million Italians.  After reading it, I felt even more strongly  that such books, though possibly entertaining, are a waste of time.  An  informative book about unicorns--but do they exist ?   Anthropologists have  been concerned, for many years, in getting the &quot;inside view&quot;--the  view of a culture as seen by the person within it.  While Barzini is  indisputable Italian, he tries to visualize Italians as seen by foreign  visitors, then explain to those of us not lucky enough to travel there, why  they are as visitors see them, or why they are not as foreigners may think.   This is not a successful gambit.  Cultures are based on many general  factors--like history, socio-economic patterns, religion, family,  etc.---but the specific results are just that, specific.  Barzini covers  many topics--the importance of spectacle and giving an illusion of  something rather than actually having that quality; the family vs. the  state; Italian modes of achieving success; the north-south split; Sicily  and the Mafia; and last, the tragedy of Italy's long domination by  foreigners.  But nothing really connects.  There are only superficial,  scattered impressions, nothing very concrete to grasp.  The reader is left  with a handful of stereotypes.  Barzini is at his best when describing the  lives and modus operandi of particular characters in Italian history.   These sections were well-written and interesting.  But his portrayal of  Italian &quot;character&quot; is fuzzy, contradictory, and ultimately,  unconvincing.  Finally, if you are a lover of lists, you will thrill to  this book, because there is a list on nearly every single page.  Myself, I  got pretty tired of those lists.  If you want to know something useful  about Italy, read another book.  If you just want entertainment, which  might support any stereotypes you have about Italians, then this book could  be for you
 It has the potential to be a great book if the author had taken some time to actually look into each breed. The "Canadian Eskimo Dog" is now referred to as the Canadian Inuit Dog out of respect for the Inuit people. He has the dog's height wrong, and the weight range is much too high. This leads me to conclude that if there were that many errors on one dog breed, who's to say that it's not wrong on other breeds too? I was quite disgusted and mad to see the "designer dogs" put as purebred dogs. Labradoodles, Bichon/Yorkies, Cockerpoos, and Bull Boxers are NOT purebred dogs. They are mixes given a fancy name and sold for staggering amounts of money. The first few chapters on the history of the dog is quite fascinating though, and the pictures are nice. If you need an all-in-one book and don't mind many errors, this is a great book for you. If you're like me, go down the road of buying a better dog encyclopedia and different books on different subjects rather than this faulty all-in-one
 Two main comments.  Firstly, the book is mistitled or I misread the meaning of the title and I would be delighted to return it.  This is a book devoted primarily on how to make your dog perform "tricks" with much on showmanship.  I have no interest in that but I do have an acute interest in dog obedience relative to the master's care of their puppy and mature dog.  Problems handlers encounter in "greeting" of your dog with other dogs and people. Two main comments.  Firstly, the book is mistitled or I misread the meaning of the title and I would be delighted to return it.  This is a book devoted primarily on how to make your dog perform "tricks" with much on showmanship.  I have no interest in that but I do have an acute interest in dog obedience relative to the master's care of their puppy and mature dog.  Problems handlers encounter in "greeting" of your dog with other dogs and people. Secondly, the book, as written, talks down to the reader and unless you have had some professional experience with dogs, you feel very unqualified to read on.  I felt intimidated by it. 
 I've read only a few of Hillerman's previous Leaphorn/Chee novels. I've enjoyed what I've rtead, though they are an acquired taste, and I don't indulge in them very often. I tend to enjoy the earlier, more active years of Joe Leaphorn more interesting than his ' semi-retired unofficial advisor to Jim Chee' phase. I've read only a few of Hillerman's previous Leaphorn/Chee novels. I've enjoyed what I've rtead, though they are an acquired taste, and I don't indulge in them very often. I tend to enjoy the earlier, more active years of Joe Leaphorn more interesting than his ' semi-retired unofficial advisor to Jim Chee' phase. From what I gather, 'Skeleton Man' continues a recent trend of disappointment with Hillerman's last few novels. Even without having read the books immediately prior to this one, I can understand that sentiment.'Skeleton Man' starts off with a rather risky premise, tying the story in with the real life collision over the Grand Canyon in 1956. While an author can occasionally pull off a good story with a strong connection to 'real life'(See Nelson De Mille's 'Night Fall'), Hillerman fails here.The story is bogged down with bland and unlikable supporting characters, flimsy motivation, and very little that could really be called 'action'.Chee ends up joining Leaphorn in the background for much of the story.The spiritual and ritualistic aspects of Hillerman's earlier books are, for the most part, glossed over here. Even what should have been a major plot development (Chee's wedding) is overshadowed by Chee have to rescue Manuelito, in the manner of far too many contrived 'Superman rescues Lois' situations. Better to stick with Hillerman's earlier novels. The 'aging athlete past his prime' analogy suits Hillerman, I'm afraid
 This book is 'oragnized' into sections - Getting Started, Organizing Room by Room, Organizing Finances, Organizing Time, Organizing Home Life, and Organizing Transitions.This book is 'oragnized' into sections - Getting Started, Organizing Room by Room, Organizing Finances, Organizing Time, Organizing Home Life, and Organizing Transitions.Who needs an entire section telling you the benefits of being organized - isn't that why I bought the book?  The author takes 'plain and simple' to new heights...for example - "To organize your refrigerator, start by uncluttering it."  Who needs an entire section telling you the benefits of being organized - isn't that why I bought the book?  The author takes 'plain and simple' to new heights...for example - "To organize your refrigerator, start by uncluttering it."  I was hoping for something with more substance.  There was nothing in this book that I didn't already know.  If you're looking for something very basic as far as what to do in your home...you will like this book
 I like looking at old pictures and old letters, but I thought when I bought the book that I would actually be looking in the history of someone's life with pictures to go with it but that was not the case.  It is just a random bunch of pictures and a random bunch of letters put together in a book.  The pictures aren't necessarily the pictures of the people who wrote the letters, so you know nothing of the authors, no explanation of the times they lived in or the place they lived in or anything.  In other words, no story behind it whatsoever.  Just a disappointing collection
 In my usual perusal of the thrift shops for 25 cent novels, i came across this interesting find summer of 2005.In my usual perusal of the thrift shops for 25 cent novels, i came across this interesting find summer of 2005.from the very first page, the book had me hooked. merricat blackwood is a girl i could relate to on first degree. in her family, she's a bit of a misfit, and as  a consequence, finds herself and her older sister constance locked away in their large old house as the town freaks after the *mysterious* death of their entire family at dinner on night.from the very first page, the book had me hooked. merricat blackwood is a girl i could relate to on first degree. in her family, she's a bit of a misfit, and as  a consequence, finds herself and her older sister constance locked away in their large old house as the town freaks after the *mysterious* death of their entire family at dinner on night.everyone hates them and wants them gone. merricat braves walking to town to buy groceries for her sister with cash from the vast amount of wealth they keep hidden in the house. the towns people sneer at merricat and ask her to leave and she, head lifted, tries bravely to remain unafraid.everyone hates them and wants them gone. merricat braves walking to town to buy groceries for her sister with cash from the vast amount of wealth they keep hidden in the house. the towns people sneer at merricat and ask her to leave and she, head lifted, tries bravely to remain unafraid.it is an all together marvelous book for anyone who enjoys the cryptic events that go on behind the scenes of creepy old houses.it is an all together marvelous book for anyone who enjoys the cryptic events that go on behind the scenes of creepy old houses.
 I will be brief: Penroses writing is mediocre, his drawings obfuscate more than clarify.The vast majority of the book is devoted to completely and utterly extraneous topics, and seems to largely be a platform for Penroses new quantum theories.His arguments are unclear, weak and largely dependent on philosphers like Lucas and Searle, while his idea of quantum effects is improbable and surely in the end irrelevant (cannot computers tap into quantum effects?) and his knowledge of computer science deeply, deeply suspect.For example, I quote here from the final sections which actually have something to do with his ostensible reason for writing the book: "Neverthless, one still might imagine some kind of natural selection process being effective for producing approximately valid algorithms. Personally, I find this very hard to believe, however."The entire flourishing, commercially succesful field of evolutionary computing begs to differ here, Mr. Penrose. SUch bonehead errors compells me to point out that this mathematician has no clothes
 Perhaps this book appeared to be a futuristic medical thriller when it first came out, but now it seems like a bad 1950s horror movie.  The story involves brain surgery gone bad, with a mix of artificial intelligence and mind control.  The end of the story was very predictable and played out exactly as I suspected from the very beginning of the book.
 Many reviewers on this site read TLGPE in the 70's, when we were young and impressionable. (I happened to be 13 when I read it.) If one could be sued for intellectual forgery, Lindsey would certainly be found at fault.Many reviewers on this site read TLGPE in the 70's, when we were young and impressionable. (I happened to be 13 when I read it.) If one could be sued for intellectual forgery, Lindsey would certainly be found at fault.Most of us, thankfully, have gotten past our fears that plagued our teenage years. After all, when we read TLGPE, we were young. We were searching and seeking. We didn't have all of the facts. There were wolves who knew this, and they preyed upon us. Many people who were older, yet still intellectually undeveloped, read this book and were moved to 'believing'.Most of us, thankfully, have gotten past our fears that plagued our teenage years. After all, when we read TLGPE, we were young. We were searching and seeking. We didn't have all of the facts. There were wolves who knew this, and they preyed upon us. Many people who were older, yet still intellectually undeveloped, read this book and were moved to 'believing'.For most of us, our minds matured. We began to see the vast chinks in Lindsey's pompous Christian armor. We began to realize that fear is a weapon brandished by madmen, by people who use a subtle, gentle cloth of manipulation to control others.For most of us, our minds matured. We began to see the vast chinks in Lindsey's pompous Christian armor. We began to realize that fear is a weapon brandished by madmen, by people who use a subtle, gentle cloth of manipulation to control others.This is beyond dangerous. It is beyond extreme, as most of us have now found out.This is beyond dangerous. It is beyond extreme, as most of us have now found out.I love a good horror novel. I love a good 'true crime' thriller. But the fact that people read Lindsey's books and take them at face value is, perhaps, one of the scariest notions I have ever imagined.I love a good horror novel. I love a good 'true crime' thriller. But the fact that people read Lindsey's books and take them at face value is, perhaps, one of the scariest notions I have ever imagined.That, dear reader, is beyond horrific . . . and far more terrifying than anything you'll find in the bible or any of Lindeys 'books'. The only thing scarier is that Mr. Lindsey is still receiving royalties from an outdated, silly, contradictory and completely barbaric book penned over thirty years ago. Please don't be the next sucker. Please don't add this one to your cart.That, dear reader, is beyond horrific . . . and far more terrifying than anything you'll find in the bible or any of Lindeys 'books'. The only thing scarier is that Mr. Lindsey is still receiving royalties from an outdated, silly, contradictory and completely barbaric book penned over thirty years ago. Please don't be the next sucker. Please don't add this one to your cart.
 This was a less than stellar sequal to The Women of the Silk but it did finish the story of Pei to some extent.  I found the historical aspect of the novel the most interesting and the story of the women the least believabl
 The story was slow, predictable and boring. I am still amazed I hung in there and finished reading it.  It's a dud in my opinion
 The title grabbed me because I have been noticing for, oh about 14 years now, the decline of the truth in this country.  Unfortunately, this book is written precisely by the kind of person who has lost touch with reality and what truth is (definition of irony I believe).The title grabbed me because I have been noticing for, oh about 14 years now, the decline of the truth in this country.  Unfortunately, this book is written precisely by the kind of person who has lost touch with reality and what truth is (definition of irony I believe).The reason it is #1 on the bestseller list is because there is a ready audience out there, of similarly detached people, who want anything (and I mean anything - a website with a good conspiracy story and a glass of warm milk before bed everynight is their ideal) that backs up their point of view.  The reason it is #1 on the bestseller list is because there is a ready audience out there, of similarly detached people, who want anything (and I mean anything - a website with a good conspiracy story and a glass of warm milk before bed everynight is their ideal) that backs up their point of view.  It is precisely why the truth is so out of fashion.  New media streams like the internet, blogs, etc. offer up "news" without accountability.  They allow this segment of society to avoid confronting the truth and instead construct their own alternative realities.  It makes people like Frank Rich, rich, with very little effort.  Why bother checking facts, his core readership doesn't care whether it is true or not, just tell them Bush is evil
 Who better to write a book about morons than Flynn?  An abyssmally miserable book with so little substance I was surprised it didn't float out of my hands.  It's a great resource for those looking for a plethora of examples of pitifully poor logic; Two wrongs don't make a right, non-sequiturs galore, red herrings - they're all there.Who better to write a book about morons than Flynn?  An abyssmally miserable book with so little substance I was surprised it didn't float out of my hands.  It's a great resource for those looking for a plethora of examples of pitifully poor logic; Two wrongs don't make a right, non-sequiturs galore, red herrings - they're all there.It seems apparent the goal was to scoop up the easy money from the thin thinkers in our world.  It certainly wasn't to write a scholarly treatise where the reader came away enlightened in the slightest way.It seems apparent the goal was to scoop up the easy money from the thin thinkers in our world.  It certainly wasn't to write a scholarly treatise where the reader came away enlightened in the slightest way.I guess I have fallen into the category of "moron" by spending money on it and worse yet, reading it to completion.  I'm embarrassed.  Flynn should be too
 I wanted to like this book.  It's a great size for carrying around to dip into.  However, I'd say about a third, or maybe more, I haven't counted, are anonymous. Here's an example: "Life is filled with possibilities" p31.  Now I don't know about you, but I'd hardly class that as great stuff from great minds. Then I read "Decide what is worthwhile and follow through with it" and I'm beginning to yawn. When I came to "Above all, life should be fun" and "Always keep a window open in your mind for new ideas" and I'm just about ready to throw the book into the garbage.  Also, the format of the book is terrible.  Someone decided to put every quote into a little frame, so you get four quotes on a page.  I wanted to like this book.  It's a great size for carrying around to dip into.  However, I'd say about a third, or maybe more, I haven't counted, are anonymous. Here's an example: "Life is filled with possibilities" p31.  Now I don't know about you, but I'd hardly class that as great stuff from great minds. Then I read "Decide what is worthwhile and follow through with it" and I'm beginning to yawn. When I came to "Above all, life should be fun" and "Always keep a window open in your mind for new ideas" and I'm just about ready to throw the book into the garbage.  Also, the format of the book is terrible.  Someone decided to put every quote into a little frame, so you get four quotes on a page.  Still, for the price, it's not that bad.  No, on second thoughts it's pretty dire.  There's just too many pathetic jingles in here for me, which only motivate me to demand a refund!  If I were you, I'd save my money and put it towards something else - "The Book of Positive Quotations" has 7000 quotes and I wouldn't be without my copy
 The Kite Runner gets off to such a good start, with its blend of history, observations about daily life in Kaboul, and a compelling story of two boys growing up together. The second half goes badly astray, as the novel becomes more and more manipulative and sentimental. By the end of the book, the author is willing to put his characters through all sorts of hell just so he can follow up with a teary reconciliation. I wish an editor had convinced him to tighten it up, stay focused, and resist the urge to tug at the heartstrings with such a heavy hand
 I remember reading "The Chamber" distinctly. Somehow, this book doesnt even near that standard. The story line is vague with unnecessary twists and turns. The characters have been strongly depicted but none of them turns out to be standing out
 ...Uldrich makes big bucks on the public speaking circuit discussing nanotechnology...I suspect this book was published for no other reason than to provide some "credentials" to support the speaking engagements...his most recent books published since this one have been one about George Marshall and another about Lewis and Clark -- real cutting edge technology there!...nope, don't buy it
 The ghost writer was probably afraid to put his own name on the book.  It was totally predictable without any of the depth found in real Ludlum books
 I have been a devoted Hiaasen fan from the beginning and awaited all his novels which are few and far between with much excited anticipation.  Although his writing remains flawless and some of his lines are hysterical, the story is just so silly I found it hard to keep my attention focused.  I compare reading this book with watching a sponge bob cartoon which I do with my children on occasion.  Sorry, I just couldn't finish it
 I wavered awhile between three stars and two stars, because a company and entrepreneur as brilliant as Sony and Akio Morita seem to deserve at least three. However, in the end, the book's errors just piled too high. It opens well, with the story of Sony's founding and rise from leaking offices in a half-wrecked department store just after World War II, to becoming one of the world's great companies. This is a fascinating and inspiring story, and Morita tells it with flair.I wavered awhile between three stars and two stars, because a company and entrepreneur as brilliant as Sony and Akio Morita seem to deserve at least three. However, in the end, the book's errors just piled too high. It opens well, with the story of Sony's founding and rise from leaking offices in a half-wrecked department store just after World War II, to becoming one of the world's great companies. This is a fascinating and inspiring story, and Morita tells it with flair.Then, unfortunately, the downward spiral begins. Morita consistently takes his experience at Sony and assumes that every other Japanese company operates the same way, which is a fantastically wrong assertion (as the last thirteen years of Japan's seemingly endless recession have shown). He also frequently takes good basic management techniques, like trusting employees and giving them creative leeway, and tries to brand them as somehow uniquely "Japanese".Then, unfortunately, the downward spiral begins. Morita consistently takes his experience at Sony and assumes that every other Japanese company operates the same way, which is a fantastically wrong assertion (as the last thirteen years of Japan's seemingly endless recession have shown). He also frequently takes good basic management techniques, like trusting employees and giving them creative leeway, and tries to brand them as somehow uniquely "Japanese".Then there are all the claims which are simply out-and-out false, such as Japan supposedly having the world's best construction technology. (It actually has perhaps the worst in the industrial world, as the Kobe earthquake unfortunately demonstrated.)  Or how Japan is supposedly a nation fanatically devoted to not wasting anything. (Yet it only recently discovered the concept of "second-hand goods", instead of throwing nearly-new furniture and clothing away. Plus, Japanese garbage trucks groan under the weight of the world's worst overpackaging.)Then there are all the claims which are simply out-and-out false, such as Japan supposedly having the world's best construction technology. (It actually has perhaps the worst in the industrial world, as the Kobe earthquake unfortunately demonstrated.)  Or how Japan is supposedly a nation fanatically devoted to not wasting anything. (Yet it only recently discovered the concept of "second-hand goods", instead of throwing nearly-new furniture and clothing away. Plus, Japanese garbage trucks groan under the weight of the world's worst overpackaging.)Reading between the lines, a person can see the roots of so many of the problems that Japan faces today. For example, Morita spends a good deal of words attacking the excess of lawyers in the United States. While this can, of course, sometimes be a serious problem, it also gives U.S. consumers a way to protect themselves. Japan's consumers, on the other hand, without an accessible court system, are almost completely at the mercy of bureaucrats and executives. Complaints about dangerous products or chemicals in drinking water are simply ignored, because they lack any threat of legal action. In another example, Morita praises the "trust" and agreements without contracts that exist among Japanese corporations. In reality, this "trust" is a death pact, as bankrupt inefficient companies are propped up by their buddies, instead of letting them fall and create openings for fresh and innovative entrepreneurs.Reading between the lines, a person can see the roots of so many of the problems that Japan faces today. For example, Morita spends a good deal of words attacking the excess of lawyers in the United States. While this can, of course, sometimes be a serious problem, it also gives U.S. consumers a way to protect themselves. Japan's consumers, on the other hand, without an accessible court system, are almost completely at the mercy of bureaucrats and executives. Complaints about dangerous products or chemicals in drinking water are simply ignored, because they lack any threat of legal action. In another example, Morita praises the "trust" and agreements without contracts that exist among Japanese corporations. In reality, this "trust" is a death pact, as bankrupt inefficient companies are propped up by their buddies, instead of letting them fall and create openings for fresh and innovative entrepreneurs.Other than the glimpses into Sony's history and corporate culture, this book is only interesting as a museum piece - yet another in the flood of "Japan is going to take over" books that came out in the Eighties. Although, of course, considering all the "Internet companies are going to take over" books that came out in the Nineties, not even this is a uniquely "Japanese" phenomenon. Other than the glimpses into Sony's history and corporate culture, this book is only interesting as a museum piece - yet another in the flood of "Japan is going to take over" books that came out in the Eighties. Although, of course, considering all the "Internet companies are going to take over" books that came out in the Nineties, not even this is a uniquely "Japanese" phenomenon. PS: Anyone wanting a healthy reality check about the current state of Japan should read "Dogs and Demons" by Alex Kerr.
 [Joshua 6:23,21]Joshua said to the people of Israel, "The Lord has given you the city of the all silver, and gold, and vessels of brass and iron, are consecrated unto the Lord: They shall come into the treasury of the Lord.The people utterly DESTROYED ALL THAT WAS IN THE CITY, BOTH MAN AND WOMAN,YOUNG AND OLD, AND OX AND SHEEP, AND ASS, WITH THE EDGE OF THE SWORD. The people utterly DESTROYED ALL THAT WAS IN THE CITY, BOTH MAN AND WOMAN,YOUNG AND OLD, AND OX AND SHEEP, AND ASS, WITH THE EDGE OF THE SWORD. Deuteronomy 17:3-5 "And he should go and worship other gods and bow down to them or to the sun or the moon or all the army of the heavens, .....and you must stone such one with stones and such one must die." Deuteronomy 17:3-5 "And he should go and worship other gods and bow down to them or to the sun or the moon or all the army of the heavens, .....and you must stone such one with stones and such one must die." Romans 1:20-32 ....32. "Although they know God's righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things but also approve of those who practice them." Romans 1:20-32 ....32. "Although they know God's righteous decree that those who do such things deserve death, they not only continue to do these very things but also approve of those who practice them." Numbers 31: And the Lord said unto Moses, "Avenge the children of the Mid'-an'ites.. They warred against the Mid'-i-an'ites, as the Lord commanded Moses, and they slay all the males. And they took all women as captives, and their little ones, and took the spoil of all their cattle, and all their flocks, and all their goods. And they burnt all their cities wherein they dwelt, and all their goodly castles, with fire. Moses said, "HAVE YOU SAVED ALL THE WOMEN ALIVE? NOW KILL EVERY MALE AMONG THE LITTLE ONES, AND KILL EVERY WOMAN that has known a man by lying with him, but all the young girls who have not known a man by lying with him keep alive for yourselves." Numbers 31: And the Lord said unto Moses, "Avenge the children of the Mid'-an'ites.. They warred against the Mid'-i-an'ites, as the Lord commanded Moses, and they slay all the males. And they took all women as captives, and their little ones, and took the spoil of all their cattle, and all their flocks, and all their goods. And they burnt all their cities wherein they dwelt, and all their goodly castles, with fire. Moses said, "HAVE YOU SAVED ALL THE WOMEN ALIVE? NOW KILL EVERY MALE AMONG THE LITTLE ONES, AND KILL EVERY WOMAN that has known a man by lying with him, but all the young girls who have not known a man by lying with him keep alive for yourselves." [Quran-60:8-9] GOD does not enjoin you from befriending those who do not fight you because of religion, and do not evict you from your homes. You may befriend them and be equitable towards them. GOD loves the equitable. GOD enjoins you only from befriending those who fight you because of religion, evict you from your homes, and band together with others to banish you. You shall not befriend them. Those who befriend them are the transgressors.
 I was more upset with this book than anyother. I've loved every book in the series , but this one was more dissapointing. I pictured EVERYTHING the sasme as in the movie though... thatrs just telling you how welll it's written and described. But, it was more about the Triwizard tournament the whole entire time. Still, i am addicted to the series . Either way you should read the story just to understand whats going on. I just wish it would have been more exciting and less predictable
 Galbraith's insight on society unfortunately gets lost in a maze of double negatives and confusing sentence structure.  His ideas are sound, though he has a very off-putting pompous delivery.  In fact, his verbosity and poor structure is so bad, that it turns what should be a slim read into a fairly mind-numbing experience.  The book really needs to go back to an editor
 Mr. Galbraith is smart, accomplished, and learned man who knows what is best for all us.  His view of a good society differs from past visions of societal utopia.  Rather than a completely coercive state directing the  actions of its citizens to some hirer calling, Mr. Galbraith aims to be  `practical' and just further defines the third way.  Nonetheless, his  proposal of what makes a good society is not the classical liberal view and  it is more attuned to the European model of society.  Many of his proposals  are so silly you won't take them seriously.  But sadly, he is quite  serious.  For example, Mr. Galbraith states that in a good society everyone  should have a rewarding life.  Of course, he never defines the standard by  which society should judge whether or not a life is rewarding.  Neither  does he address what one should do if their life is un-rewarding and what  the obligation is of society to fulfill that vision of a rewarding life.   And, of course, who is the `rewarding life judge' and does this judge have  the authority of the state to take something from someone (who has a life  that is deemed too rewarding) for someone who has life that is too  un-rewarding.  Mr. Galbraith fails to convince the reader of the  practicality of his proposals and ends up straddling a line between  socialism and capitalism, and saying nothing new
 Even the avid "trekie" reader of the Star Trek science fiction novels, movies and television series must suspend disbelief, when he finds Captain Kirk saying "Beam me up, Scotty."  But the biblical literalist reading this book need make no such effort, when he reads in this book that Jesus will effectively beam millions of true Christians up to heaven in the world-wide "Rapture."  Though the characters and their roles are fictitious, the book specifically references the relevant biblical passages for the believer. Even the avid "trekie" reader of the Star Trek science fiction novels, movies and television series must suspend disbelief, when he finds Captain Kirk saying "Beam me up, Scotty."  But the biblical literalist reading this book need make no such effort, when he reads in this book that Jesus will effectively beam millions of true Christians up to heaven in the world-wide "Rapture."  Though the characters and their roles are fictitious, the book specifically references the relevant biblical passages for the believer. The story line opens with the chaotic moment of discovery after the historic mass Rapture event, and the remainder is a moral melodrama concluding with emotional born-again conversions. The story line opens with the chaotic moment of discovery after the historic mass Rapture event, and the remainder is a moral melodrama concluding with emotional born-again conversions. In the September/October 2006 issue of Foreign Affairs Walt Mead writes that fundamentalists are not hospitable to the idea of gradual progress toward a secular utopia driven by technological advances and the cooperation of intelligent people of all religious traditions.  In the September/October 2006 issue of Foreign Affairs Walt Mead writes that fundamentalists are not hospitable to the idea of gradual progress toward a secular utopia driven by technological advances and the cooperation of intelligent people of all religious traditions.  Instead fundamentalists separate themselves from the world and have a premillennial pessimism about prospects for social reform.  Billy Graham's biography by Strober notes that they criticized Graham's "new evangelism" for its inclusiveness and for its involvement in addressing social problems. Yet their separatism does not preclude proselytizing as portrayed in these novels by the "Tribulation Force" or as exemplified by Jerry Falwell's Moral Majority.Instead fundamentalists separate themselves from the world and have a premillennial pessimism about prospects for social reform.  Billy Graham's biography by Strober notes that they criticized Graham's "new evangelism" for its inclusiveness and for its involvement in addressing social problems. Yet their separatism does not preclude proselytizing as portrayed in these novels by the "Tribulation Force" or as exemplified by Jerry Falwell's Moral Majority.They are also committed to an apocalyptic vision of the end of the world and are hostile to international institutions such as the United Nations. Mead notes that it is no coincidence that the Left Behind novels show the Antichrist rising to power as the secretary-general of the United Nations.They are also committed to an apocalyptic vision of the end of the world and are hostile to international institutions such as the United Nations. Mead notes that it is no coincidence that the Left Behind novels show the Antichrist rising to power as the secretary-general of the United Nations.The U.S. Statistical Abstract reports that the per capita numbers of fundamentalists are growing exponentially, while evangelicals and liberals - e.g. Southern Baptists, Lutherans, Presbyterians, Methodists - and Catholics are continuing their per capita declines.  Such data and the reported popularity of these Left Behind novels indicate fundamentalism's growing appeal in reaction to contemporary American society.The U.S. Statistical Abstract reports that the per capita numbers of fundamentalists are growing exponentially, while evangelicals and liberals - e.g. Southern Baptists, Lutherans, Presbyterians, Methodists - and Catholics are continuing their per capita declines.  Such data and the reported popularity of these Left Behind novels indicate fundamentalism's growing appeal in reaction to contemporary American society.I see the readers who seriously respond to this book as the "left behind" in the backwash of the tidal flows of cultural change in modern American society, and as conservative Christians who believe it is better to stay behind.  And in not just a few respects, they may be wise to do so.I see the readers who seriously respond to this book as the "left behind" in the backwash of the tidal flows of cultural change in modern American society, and as conservative Christians who believe it is better to stay behind.  And in not just a few respects, they may be wise to do so.Thomas J. HickeyThomas J. Hickey
 My problem was that these books were missing chunks of pages!  We didn't notice it until book 4 of 6, but 80+ pages were gone!  Now, Amazon was great about replacing the set adn paying for me to return the messed-up set.  This is just a warning to check your boxed set when it gets in for missing chunks of pages!My problem was that these books were missing chunks of pages!  We didn't notice it until book 4 of 6, but 80+ pages were gone!  Now, Amazon was great about replacing the set adn paying for me to return the messed-up set.  This is just a warning to check your boxed set when it gets in for missing chunks of pages!Of course, the Harry Potter series is great, adn we love having them in paperback
 While the author rehashes some basic business writing theory, she consistently fails to follow her own rules:- The text is full of fluff- The style is flippant instead of useful- The lecture style puts you to sleep There are much better books on the subject. A textbook approach is necessary for this subject. Not this dopey-run-on-crap.There are much better books on the subject. A textbook approach is necessary for this subject. Not this dopey-run-on-crap.
 If you walk into B&N and flip through (not even buy!) the other "well known/recommended" pregnancy books you'll get much more information than what Douglas offers. If you walk into B&N and flip through (not even buy!) the other "well known/recommended" pregnancy books you'll get much more information than what Douglas offers. If you're lazy/want a quick read, this book is for you.If you're looking for a comprehensive tell-all (which the title and reviews lead you to believe), this is *not* the book for you.If you're looking for a comprehensive tell-all (which the title and reviews lead you to believe), this is *not* the book for you.This was a total waste of money! If I had know it was this bad I would have just used my money to buy diapers instead.
 Hmm, quite a disappointment, especially after splurging on the hardcover edition.  Set as a kind of "Rockies Rear Window," this is one slow story.  Endless pages of crazy-making when I'd already guessed the outcome about halfway through.  Finally skipped ahead to finish the book.  I had really looked forward to Angels Fall, too :(  If you are a Roberts fan, don't spend the money on the hardcover, wait for the paperback, go to the library, or borrow from a friend.  Not worth the price.
 There were several good scenes, but they didn't make up for the rest of the book.  Not worth reading. 
 This book was easy enough to read, it just wasn't what I expected from Quindlen.  I usually find her writing style and her way of thinking about things so captivating, in this book I really did not find either of those traits to stand out.  The back-and-forth from current day to the past was somewhat confusing, and sometimes I was in the middle of a paragraph before I realized this paragraph was a jump to the past, whereas the previous paragraph was present time.  Although I got used to that writing style, I always found it annoying.  The storyline itself never sold me either: a typical, young "sew-your-wild-oats" boy finds a baby and decides to keep it and is the "perfect" father. I just did not find such an occurrence likely.  And, as a mother myself, all the times he either left the newborn alone or took it with him while he labored on the land just made me squirm. Anyway the whole story seemed far-fetched and disjointed to me, and a disappointment especially since I have been a Quindlen fan for many, many years
 just awfuljust awfulsave your money, this book is not worth it. The pictures are dull and lifeless, boring composition. Mann hasn't captured anything here but a bunch of worthless photos. Any 10th rate amateur photographer could have done better.
 I was recommended Borges' works by one of his innumerable over-educated sycophants and I will never forget the tremendous time I wasted attempting to grasp the supposed value of his life's work (when I should have been writing my dissertation). Each time I read one of his pedantic, mediocre peices of short fiction, I was convinced by these elite book review troglodytes that I would like other examples of his work if I continued reading since &quot;all of his stories are so unique.&quot; I found the exact opposite to be true. One story after another about mazes, mirrors, mystical mathematical formulas and books, books, books. The ideas were transperant, the language boring in the extreme. His poetry is trite. Who needs this? Borges reads like a petulant graduate student at University of Chicago who failed repeatedly to get his/her short fiction published in _The Atlantic Monthly_. Particularly among academics, literary elites and like people, many seem to cite Borges and worship his genius more than read him--and certaintly _no one_ reads him critically. I read most of his work, and I can tell you, outside of a few interesting turns of phrase, you'd be better off reading a Yale dissertation on the semiotics of self-superiority. People incessantly talk about how imaginative Borges is. The vast majority of popular SF and fantasy writers are more imaginative. Even many of the despicable magical realist &quot;geniuses&quot; make Borges look rather plain. Borges merely litters his works with elite literary references and a kind of faculty cocktail party wit to make it more palatable to the kind of people who never step foot out of Manhattan or Cambridge. If you're this kind of pompous fellow, you'll want to sleep every night with a portrait of Luis by your side and a series of mirrors, as it were, slowly attempting to seek some kind of trans-substantiation with this benighted old librarian. If you're the kind of person who prefers reading about interesting characters, enjoying nuanced use of language, and grasping subtle, daring ideas that transcend purile academic banter, run far, far away from Jorge Luis Borges. Even top authors from all over the world and every historical period get bad reviews. The adulation of Borges merely underlines the fact that this is more about a cult of personality among (those who think themselves) intellectual elites than a serious attempt to evaluate his fiction. I think his fiction is better considered a kind of academic experiment, relegated to quirky local fiction publications and coffee house poetry slams, and not an example of literary genius. In that sense, 30min spent on one of his short stories gets you the drift of his entire body of work, and that's about as much attention as he deserves
 I read exactly half the book and stopped.  Based on all the criticisms of the unlikely ending, that was a good decision.  As it is there went hours of my life I won't get back!  The book is silly and laughable.  The premise sounded great - but the book is bad.  Really bad
 I have read a bunch of poker books and play regularly.  There are a lot of good books out there, Dan Harrington's the very best, but this isnt one of them.  Too much ego here and not enough helpful information
 I use "The Notebook" and "A Walk to Remember" as optional films in my upper division sociology courses. After hearing many positive student responses, I was curious about Sparks as an author--one of the few males writing commercially successful romance novels.  After a slow start with "True Believer," I was more satisfied with "The Rescue."  Taylor's friendship with Mitch and his emotional growth add dimension to an otherwise standard tale of boy meets girl, etc., etc., 
 Ann Coulter is unbelievable in her unrelenting hatred of anyone not in aggreement with her warped sense of reality.  To her there is no middle ground.    I am an educated, well travelled adult who while born in the United States, spent a good portion of my childhood living overseas and consider myself to be fairly open minded.  To be called a communist, a traitor, and an enemy of America just because I don't buy into the ultra conservative mind think is an insult to the freedom that this country was founded on.Ann Coulter is unbelievable in her unrelenting hatred of anyone not in aggreement with her warped sense of reality.  To her there is no middle ground.    I am an educated, well travelled adult who while born in the United States, spent a good portion of my childhood living overseas and consider myself to be fairly open minded.  To be called a communist, a traitor, and an enemy of America just because I don't buy into the ultra conservative mind think is an insult to the freedom that this country was founded on.I have never in my life considered buring or destroying a book because of it's evil, until I read this one.I have never in my life considered buring or destroying a book because of it's evil, until I read this one.Be afraid, be very afraid of these people
 The is by far the weakest Grisham novel I've ever read.  The first two hundred pages creep along at a glacial pace as the protagonist (Joel Backman; more about him later) wanders Italy for nearly 200 pages, learning to speak the language and spending way too much time sipping espresso in quaint trattorias with Italian carictatures that would make Chico Marx cringe.  When Grisham finally rachets up the action and suspense, it's all for naught, as the story eventually limps and staggers to a completely listless and anticlimactic ending.The is by far the weakest Grisham novel I've ever read.  The first two hundred pages creep along at a glacial pace as the protagonist (Joel Backman; more about him later) wanders Italy for nearly 200 pages, learning to speak the language and spending way too much time sipping espresso in quaint trattorias with Italian carictatures that would make Chico Marx cringe.  When Grisham finally rachets up the action and suspense, it's all for naught, as the story eventually limps and staggers to a completely listless and anticlimactic ending.As for Joel Backman, I can't think of a more unlikeable and unsympathetic protagonist in recent memory.  A disgraced lawyer, lobbyist and traitor that plowed through life in a meaningless quest for wealth and power, all the while causing numerous deaths, and alienating numerous wives and children is supposed to be someone we care about?  Does this character redeem himself in any meaningful fashion?  You read the book and decide..
 Not a bad beach read but nothing in this story is unexpected. I didn't really connect with the main characters. I was interested by the description in the supernatural aspects (the lights) it seemed like a mystery/love story that may have been unique but instead was a way too predictable love story.
 If the Kranks really did what they set out to do and skip Christmas, that would have been a good story.  The end.  Instead, they end up having to scramble to try & make Christmas "happen" for their daughter unexpectedly coming home.  In other words - a typical stressful material holiday, instead of a celebration of friends, family, or even, gasp! Christ's birth.  I agree - if you don't want to celebrate Christ's birth, if you don't want presents and holiday decorations and family time - skip it.  Why torture yourself?  Instead, they end up having to scramble to try & make Christmas "happen" for their daughter unexpectedly coming home.  In other words - a typical stressful material holiday, instead of a celebration of friends, family, or even, gasp! Christ's birth.  I agree - if you don't want to celebrate Christ's birth, if you don't want presents and holiday decorations and family time - skip it.  Why torture yourself?  It would have been a good story if they did this.  Instead, the plot deteriorated into a very stupid, ridiculous and unrealistic dash to the finish line of "making Christmas happen."  It would have been a good story if they did this.  Instead, the plot deteriorated into a very stupid, ridiculous and unrealistic dash to the finish line of "making Christmas happen."  A completely unsatisfying and unfunny read.  Threw it away so others wouldn't have the displeasure of reading it
 ...you can waste your time and save your money by checking this out of your local library....you can waste your time and save your money by checking this out of your local library.If you want to get an "inside view" of the inner workings of Wall Street during the excessive gyrations of the '80s, then read Den of Theives - that book is well written and well worth the money!If you want to get an "inside view" of the inner workings of Wall Street during the excessive gyrations of the '80s, then read Den of Theives - that book is well written and well worth the money!What turned me off about this book was the structure and the writing style.  The first half of the book was essentially the author relating fortuitous circumstances that were the product of Serendipity.  He was simply in the right place at the right time, had virutally no idea how he got there, felt out of place the whole time (even when he was raking in the Big Bucks in NY and London), and so now he thought he'd wwrite a book about it.  I also got the sense that he was trying to assuage some guilt from his association at Salomon Brothers.  He was there, he made a lot of money, good for him - get over it!What turned me off about this book was the structure and the writing style.  The first half of the book was essentially the author relating fortuitous circumstances that were the product of Serendipity.  He was simply in the right place at the right time, had virutally no idea how he got there, felt out of place the whole time (even when he was raking in the Big Bucks in NY and London), and so now he thought he'd wwrite a book about it.  I also got the sense that he was trying to assuage some guilt from his association at Salomon Brothers.  He was there, he made a lot of money, good for him - get over it!I was also pretty disappointed because the subject matter has A LOT more potential.  I might have actually enjoyed it - had I not read Den of Theives 7 years earlier, and already had some idea of how things took place.  But, if you can get it for $5 or less (including shipping), and you have little to no knowledge of what an investment banker's life is like (and you haven't also seen the movie Wall Street (which covers the same highlights in this book)), then it's probably worth it.I was also pretty disappointed because the subject matter has A LOT more potential.  I might have actually enjoyed it - had I not read Den of Theives 7 years earlier, and already had some idea of how things took place.  But, if you can get it for $5 or less (including shipping), and you have little to no knowledge of what an investment banker's life is like (and you haven't also seen the movie Wall Street (which covers the same highlights in this book)), then it's probably worth it.I did like the wrap up he did towards the end of the book, relating where he had heard everyone from the firm ended up...althought that seemed a little rushed..
 it is juust a copy of the frist book. if you read the frist the world is flat, then don't waste your time.jo
 What a disappointment!  Based on reviews, I couldn't wait to get this book.  Don't let the 48 pages fool you...half of the pages are pictures, and the half with writing on them are double-spaced with wide margins.  Took me all of 20 minutes to read (and only that long because of all the page turning).  Nothing wrong with being concise....except that the philosophy here is overly simplified.  Quindlen goes to great lengths to equate "Pefection" with "Conformity" and condemning it as inauthentic.  I do believe that women tend to set unrealistic expectations for themselves (i.e., wanting to be the perfect mother, perfect daughter, perfect wife, perfect businesswoman); therefore, it creates warm, fuzzy feelings to hear someone criticize perfection as being "boring".  Unfortunately, to claim that "[well-behaved women] don't make good lawyers....or businesswomen" just doesn't follow.  This is not deep reading.  20 minutes?  Don't waste your time.   
 My understanding is that this book is an accessible summary of the ideas Catsells presents in his three volume magnum opus, the Information Age (which starts with the Network Society). If this is so, I am definitely not missing much by not having read the trilogy. This is a really bad piece of sociology, characterized by a technologically deterministic analysis. Why did I give it two stars instead of one then? Well, it does have some OK parts. Catsell's analysis of the origins of the internet is an interesting bit of the sociology of technology and what saves the book from pure technological determinism. He also presents some convincing data (gathered by other people) that use of the internet for socializing does not suck people into an on-line world, alienating them from the world of face-to-face interaction; this happens in the case of a few troubled people, but most people use the internet to enhance their already existing off-line relationships. The rest of the book basically argues that the network format of the internet is reshaping the rest of society in its image, with everything from big business to governments to social movements adopting a network form in response to the rise of this new technology. This is, frankly, ludicrous reductionism. It doesn't even stand up to a simple test of chronology--a lot of the developments that Castells argues are driven by the internet predate the explosion of ist usage in the mid-1990s. As Castells himself admits, businesses were already taking on more of a network form before the internet appeared big time on the scene, and social movement scholars have shown the same is true of transnational social movements. On top of this, Castells shows an effusive enthusiasm for all things networked, whether they be transnational corporations or the transnational social movements that oppose these same corporations. I'm really at a loss to understand how one can enthuse about both of these opposed phenomena. Castells does see some of the problems with the new network society--loss of job security and the digital divide, for instance--but he tends to downplay these. And his solution to these problems tends to come down to more of the same--more internet access, more network social organization. Talk about a narrow vision
 This "novel" would be better suited for the stage.  It reads like a play, often.This "novel" would be better suited for the stage.  It reads like a play, often.It's not realistic as the author goes overboard in depicting "high drama" within a family.  They suffer a tragedy that would certainly affect a family but to the extent the author has them changing is not realistic at all.It's not realistic as the author goes overboard in depicting "high drama" within a family.  They suffer a tragedy that would certainly affect a family but to the extent the author has them changing is not realistic at all.There are far too many scenes of shouting, histrionics.  The father goes from being Ward Cleaver to a verbally abusive monster.  If I had to see the mother one more time with her calling "Robin!" I was going to scream.There are far too many scenes of shouting, histrionics.  The father goes from being Ward Cleaver to a verbally abusive monster.  If I had to see the mother one more time with her calling "Robin!" I was going to scream.The author needs to understand that high drama and a climax will be inferred by the reader after seeing the conflict.  This author forces the climax onto us in every scene.  He's desperate for this end result of angst, high drama and shock.The author needs to understand that high drama and a climax will be inferred by the reader after seeing the conflict.  This author forces the climax onto us in every scene.  He's desperate for this end result of angst, high drama and shock.It's overkill.  I don't believe that a 14 year old would become this promiscuous.  Sure it happens but this was the Leave it to Beaver family at first.  It just doesn't make sense that because of ONE incident, all members of the family devolve into sordid disasters.It's overkill.  I don't believe that a 14 year old would become this promiscuous.  Sure it happens but this was the Leave it to Beaver family at first.  It just doesn't make sense that because of ONE incident, all members of the family devolve into sordid disasters.In short, the author needs to be focused more on telling a story, allowing the reader to infer.  Instead, he thrusts high drama and climax onto us at every turn.  It's ironic, actually, as he's trying to make us feel drama but he did it so much that I just felt tedium.In short, the author needs to be focused more on telling a story, allowing the reader to infer.  Instead, he thrusts high drama and climax onto us at every turn.  It's ironic, actually, as he's trying to make us feel drama but he did it so much that I just felt tedium.Very, very contrived and forced novel.  Not believable.  I do not recommend
 Please take the time to consider what kind of reader you are.  I hated this book.  It took me at least 6 months to read this because I could not force myself to read it.  But that being said I also hate stream of consciousness and now wished that I had looked at some reviews and realized that was what I was getting myself into.  I read 'As I Lay Dying' in High School and hated it too.  There is no plot, and no point.  I hated it. 
 It still amazes me that anyone takes Gould seriously. He is an admitted Marxist, and he allows his social beliefs to influence science. That is not science. Science is a dispasionate search for the truth. I get the feeling reading this book that Gould doesn't like what the truth is, so he wants to shape the way we see the truth. They used to do that in the middle ages when it started to look like the earth revolved around the sun.It still amazes me that anyone takes Gould seriously. He is an admitted Marxist, and he allows his social beliefs to influence science. That is not science. Science is a dispasionate search for the truth. I get the feeling reading this book that Gould doesn't like what the truth is, so he wants to shape the way we see the truth. They used to do that in the middle ages when it started to look like the earth revolved around the sun.Gould tries to claim that Samuel George Morton fudged his data on measuring skull sizes. This is not true. Morton conducted his tests with integrity, and only one error was found which actually benefited the measurements of a non-Caucasian group (Kevin McDonald, "Culture of Critique", 36). General intelligence is not a "statistical artifact" as Gould wants to promote.Gould tries to claim that Samuel George Morton fudged his data on measuring skull sizes. This is not true. Morton conducted his tests with integrity, and only one error was found which actually benefited the measurements of a non-Caucasian group (Kevin McDonald, "Culture of Critique", 36). General intelligence is not a "statistical artifact" as Gould wants to promote.Gould or any other scientist who wants to take Darwin out of biological sciences should be viewed with extreme skepticism
 J.K. Rowling successfully put me off this book series within the first two chapters of this book.  The characters personalities were wavering in book 5, in this they completely vanished or mutated.  I'll only be getting the 7th one because it's the last one and I've read this far so I might as well go the whole way. J.K. Rowling successfully put me off this book series within the first two chapters of this book.  The characters personalities were wavering in book 5, in this they completely vanished or mutated.  I'll only be getting the 7th one because it's the last one and I've read this far so I might as well go the whole way. In books one through four the trio of Harry, Ron, and Hermione were loveable characters tenaciously and cleverly seeking out the answers to the mysteries that came up each year and saving the day.  Book 5 had them doing more angsting and screaming than mystery solving, and more whining than day saving. Book 6 made them stand in paper doll doing a bad job miming the motions the real characters would have done.In books one through four the trio of Harry, Ron, and Hermione were loveable characters tenaciously and cleverly seeking out the answers to the mysteries that came up each year and saving the day.  Book 5 had them doing more angsting and screaming than mystery solving, and more whining than day saving. Book 6 made them stand in paper doll doing a bad job miming the motions the real characters would have done.This book Harry seemed to care more about romance.  A very poorly done romance littered with cheezy phrases and romantic moments on par with the worst of bad fanfiction; which had no background or build up from previous books.  A female character from the background, whom Harry barely even notices all through the past five books, is suddenly the most perfect and beautiful girl in the school in mary-sue fashion.  Several other characters in both the foreground and background were also unfortunately treated to Rowlings amature attempts at romance, none of which bore any revelance to plot or story.This book Harry seemed to care more about romance.  A very poorly done romance littered with cheezy phrases and romantic moments on par with the worst of bad fanfiction; which had no background or build up from previous books.  A female character from the background, whom Harry barely even notices all through the past five books, is suddenly the most perfect and beautiful girl in the school in mary-sue fashion.  Several other characters in both the foreground and background were also unfortunately treated to Rowlings amature attempts at romance, none of which bore any revelance to plot or story.Harry also had a significant decline in morality and intelligence.  The clever boy who put clues together with his friends now cheats in one of his classes and makes one stupid mistake after another.  The image of Harry that stuck with me and seemed to glare off the pages every time he spoke or did anything was of him lying, frozen in a curled position on the floor of the train with blood coming out of his broken nose, under his invisibility cloak and rolling around with the trains motion after a particularly stupid episode with Malfoy.Harry also had a significant decline in morality and intelligence.  The clever boy who put clues together with his friends now cheats in one of his classes and makes one stupid mistake after another.  The image of Harry that stuck with me and seemed to glare off the pages every time he spoke or did anything was of him lying, frozen in a curled position on the floor of the train with blood coming out of his broken nose, under his invisibility cloak and rolling around with the trains motion after a particularly stupid episode with Malfoy.As to the general plot of the book.  Poorly done.  Continually backstaged by sickeningly done romance and angst it barely made an impression on me.  Most of the 'revealations' in the book revealed nothing not already known or obvious from old information, and the culmination of what Harry was not-quite-solving didn't amount to anything.As to the general plot of the book.  Poorly done.  Continually backstaged by sickeningly done romance and angst it barely made an impression on me.  Most of the 'revealations' in the book revealed nothing not already known or obvious from old information, and the culmination of what Harry was not-quite-solving didn't amount to anything.My final opinion: Don't bother to read past book 4 if you're just starting the series and care anything at all about characterization.  A very disappointing book
 This was the first book by Daniel Steel that I laid my hands on....Really could not make out how she strikes the chord with the readers. There are so many open ends in the story...chartacters are not distinctly outlined...Tremendous scope of improvement on the story is there
 Woolf's style of writing (changing between several characters' thoughts) causes difficulty for one to follow this novel on audio. The paperback proved to be easier for me.
 This book is not what I thought I bought.  I was expecting information useful to left handers.  Instead I found out why society belives left-handers are evil and research on how left handers are formed.  I  enjoyed reading the encylopedia more than this book.  By the way, it was  written by a right-handed person
 When I picked up True Believer, I was anticipating a good mystery as well as the chance to empathize with sensitively drawn characters.  Neither panned out.  This book is boring.  The characters are one-dimensional and there is no mystery.  Too much detail and not enough substance.  Not sure what the point of the story was as I didn't get it
 This book proves once again, that you don't necessarily have to be a good writer to make lots of cash and sell huge quantities of books to the mass market.  "True Believer" is an all-star team of cheap, shallow cliches.  There is no plot.  No one really believes anything, and everything is a contrived, superficial mish-mash.  The dialoge has no depth, and when you've had too much dialoge, there's paragraph after paragraph of the main characters, "thinking" to themselves.  Wow, is this bad.  "Message in a Bottle" was a great plot idea, but its been a slow, steady descent since then.  You might have a good laugh at it like I did, but otherwise I was very disappointed.
 I have 50 pages to go and I can't wait to finish this boring waste of time. Very predictable, sappy, sweet and quite meaningless.  I give it a minus 1
 "The number" poses an interesting question but provides no helpful answers. A four percent draw on invested assets is as much an old wives' tale as a piece of scientific wisdom, even if it is a number. Eisenberg's number is the inverse of that draw down, or twenty-five times.... well, there's the rub, twenty-five times what? income? expenses? income less savings? projected discretionary spending? Post-mortgage payoff and college tuition expenses? The proverbial bottom line is clouded by conversations with an eclectic collection of consultants, experts, philosophers, and casual acquaintances. Eisenberg, a former Esquire editor and short-timer with Lands End, ruminates about a simple question: How much money do you need to feel secure? The problem is that security comes in multiple forms: happiness, comfort, excess consumption, ego. And the accuracy and stability of those measures and outcomes is compounded by key assumptions about how long you will live and how healthy those years will be. Constructing a one-year budget is hard enough. Constructing a thirty-year budget is nearly impossible."The number" poses an interesting question but provides no helpful answers. A four percent draw on invested assets is as much an old wives' tale as a piece of scientific wisdom, even if it is a number. Eisenberg's number is the inverse of that draw down, or twenty-five times.... well, there's the rub, twenty-five times what? income? expenses? income less savings? projected discretionary spending? Post-mortgage payoff and college tuition expenses? The proverbial bottom line is clouded by conversations with an eclectic collection of consultants, experts, philosophers, and casual acquaintances. Eisenberg, a former Esquire editor and short-timer with Lands End, ruminates about a simple question: How much money do you need to feel secure? The problem is that security comes in multiple forms: happiness, comfort, excess consumption, ego. And the accuracy and stability of those measures and outcomes is compounded by key assumptions about how long you will live and how healthy those years will be. Constructing a one-year budget is hard enough. Constructing a thirty-year budget is nearly impossible.Eisenberg doesn't help his case by the offbeat and idiosyncratic examples and profiles he chooses. Doctors, divorcees, `downshifters', and very little real data shed little light on the real issues. Maybe I knew too much going in. Maybe I expected too much from a few positive references from other sources. In the middle I was confused. By the end I was simply disappointed. And I have my own number, and it changes every day
 This is, without question, the WORST book ever written on one's financial life.  To begin with, it's useless: ZERO information, ZERO new analysis of old information, ZERO advice, ZERO interesting anecdotes.  Additionally, it's rambling--meandering from summaries of old data, to poorly written schmaltzy 'new age' feel-good blathering.  What exactly is this guy's point?   No way to tell. Seriously, this book is SO BAD that all the people who allowed their names to be associated with blurbs on the cover have, in my opinion, lost all remaining credibility.  What a waste of my $16 and 4 hours. I want my money and time back.
 This book has a lot of names.  I'll give it that.  But, there are some relatively common names that are missing.  And so many invented names.  My favorite of the invented names are Schmoopie and Poogie.  As if these names will show up on a birth certificate!!  The definitions/origins of the names are poorly researched and confusing.  For the name "Cowboy" the book tells you it means "country"  for the name "Country" it tells you it means "western".  Not that either of those is a standard name, but, for "words as names" aren't you going to pick it because it has meaning to you?  Also, the lists are totally false, something the author (if you can call her that) made up while sitting around drinking with her buddies.  And some of the names on these lists aren't even found later in the book.  (ex. Lynus on the "Party animals" list)I wish I had held out for a trip to the bookstore instead of just picking up the first book I saw at Walmart.   I figured with so many names I would find one I liked, but I am just so distracted by all the junk that I will never find a good name here. 
 I thought the title was interesting so I bought this book.  Wow, what a disappointment.  This is sappy and poorly written.  How does Mitch Albom keep  getting on the best sellers list
 The trouble starts early. There is an apologetic preamble which states that the author(s) would not dedicate precious space to titles that are well known and well documented beyond the gaming community. This is an enormous assumption about the general public's knowledge - both of video games and more-so it's history of design. Many people that have heard of these games or seen their children watch the TV-spinoffs, most likely would not be able to identify what the games actually look(ed) like or anything about their play dynamics in a gaming environment.The trouble starts early. There is an apologetic preamble which states that the author(s) would not dedicate precious space to titles that are well known and well documented beyond the gaming community. This is an enormous assumption about the general public's knowledge - both of video games and more-so it's history of design. Many people that have heard of these games or seen their children watch the TV-spinoffs, most likely would not be able to identify what the games actually look(ed) like or anything about their play dynamics in a gaming environment.Even though Mario, Zelda, Pokemon, Donkey Kong, Defender, Asteroids, Missile Command, Frogger, etc. are mentioned briefly there are no images of reference for these classic games for us to (a) review and recognize, and (b) learn from. If this is supposed to be a sort of retrospective of the graphic art of game design (this is not about studies of techniques for rendering) then why not show some of these all-time classics as well as the 'new-time' classics? The latter are better represented throughout the book but some of the choices are omissions are questionable. The brief smattering of 'classics' that are shown tend to be more human-looking figurative than 'iconic' which seems lacking to me in breadth and style of representation.Even though Mario, Zelda, Pokemon, Donkey Kong, Defender, Asteroids, Missile Command, Frogger, etc. are mentioned briefly there are no images of reference for these classic games for us to (a) review and recognize, and (b) learn from. If this is supposed to be a sort of retrospective of the graphic art of game design (this is not about studies of techniques for rendering) then why not show some of these all-time classics as well as the 'new-time' classics? The latter are better represented throughout the book but some of the choices are omissions are questionable. The brief smattering of 'classics' that are shown tend to be more human-looking figurative than 'iconic' which seems lacking to me in breadth and style of representation.Beyond this much of the work - but not all - feels and looks rather 'same-y' to me. Lots of brooding dark scene-scapes and characters clearly inspired by countless horror/goth/fantasy masters such as Boris Vallejo or much of the work seen in Heavy Metal. When there is mention of games that are actually considered modern art on display at world-famous museums, such as "Rez," -- we are not shown any images of it because space was taken up by two nearly identical renderings of Lara Croft(!) in the same spread. One has to ask oneself: what was the author/picture editor thinking?Beyond this much of the work - but not all - feels and looks rather 'same-y' to me. Lots of brooding dark scene-scapes and characters clearly inspired by countless horror/goth/fantasy masters such as Boris Vallejo or much of the work seen in Heavy Metal. When there is mention of games that are actually considered modern art on display at world-famous museums, such as "Rez," -- we are not shown any images of it because space was taken up by two nearly identical renderings of Lara Croft(!) in the same spread. One has to ask oneself: what was the author/picture editor thinking?The fact of the matter is that for all the long-winded talk in the intro there is little to graphically show us where the industry came from verses where we are now. And from what I can tell, there is absolutely no mention of the explosion of games and utterly unique designs being done in FLASH. Arguably one of the largest and least expensive/complicated environments for making a unique game. Furthermore, all the games covered and talked about (that I can tell) are from very large corporations and as such tend to be slanted and biased in a number of regards.The fact of the matter is that for all the long-winded talk in the intro there is little to graphically show us where the industry came from verses where we are now. And from what I can tell, there is absolutely no mention of the explosion of games and utterly unique designs being done in FLASH. Arguably one of the largest and least expensive/complicated environments for making a unique game. Furthermore, all the games covered and talked about (that I can tell) are from very large corporations and as such tend to be slanted and biased in a number of regards.My biggest problem with this book was the editing - particularly with regard to choices of art. Far too many examples if things that look the same versus examples of unique design concepts and forms as well as proper representations for an historical analysis. Very nice printing, some nice layouts, and some interesting topics are raised with relation to character conception versus form, versus environment - but I would not recommend this for critical graphic design analysis or critical anything
 If you are a man, you will not like this collection of feminist essays.  This book is worse than bad.  It is an abomination
 This is the book Dan Brown's bestseller "The Da Vinci Code" is based on. Indeed, Michael Baigent et.al. have even sued Brown in court, charging him with plagiarizing their book. The ideas behind "The Da Vinci Code" have been exposed as completely bogus by many real historians. Obviously, this exposure affects "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" as well. This is the book Dan Brown's bestseller "The Da Vinci Code" is based on. Indeed, Michael Baigent et.al. have even sued Brown in court, charging him with plagiarizing their book. The ideas behind "The Da Vinci Code" have been exposed as completely bogus by many real historians. Obviously, this exposure affects "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" as well. This book is methodologically flawed. It claims that Jesus survived the crucifixion and sired children with Mary Magdalene. But if this happened, there should be ancient documents telling us about it. There are essentialy only three ancient views of Jesus: the Christian, the Judeo-Christian and the Gnostic. None of them includes the notion that Jesus married and had children with Mary Magdalene. It simply isn't serious to reject the ancient documents in favor of modern texts of questionable value, as Michael Baigent does. Of course, a conspiracy theorist might claim that the ancient documentation is lacking due to a massive cover-up. But such an argument, compelling as it may sound, is worthless to the historian, who must work with the real evidence, meager as it may be. A claim that can neither be proven or disproven is of little help. Besides, how many sects or cults have managed to keep their esoteric secrets? Very few indeed. There is always a defector or infiltrator somewhere. The idea that the biggest secret of all times was revealed by a confused French right-wing extremist only 40 years ago is very hard to take seriously. Indeed, the fact that not even heretical groups like the Gnostiscs claimed that Jesus had sired children, is good evidence against the claim. The Gnostics, after all, made all kinds of peculiar statements. But not this one. Why? This book is methodologically flawed. It claims that Jesus survived the crucifixion and sired children with Mary Magdalene. But if this happened, there should be ancient documents telling us about it. There are essentialy only three ancient views of Jesus: the Christian, the Judeo-Christian and the Gnostic. None of them includes the notion that Jesus married and had children with Mary Magdalene. It simply isn't serious to reject the ancient documents in favor of modern texts of questionable value, as Michael Baigent does. Of course, a conspiracy theorist might claim that the ancient documentation is lacking due to a massive cover-up. But such an argument, compelling as it may sound, is worthless to the historian, who must work with the real evidence, meager as it may be. A claim that can neither be proven or disproven is of little help. Besides, how many sects or cults have managed to keep their esoteric secrets? Very few indeed. There is always a defector or infiltrator somewhere. The idea that the biggest secret of all times was revealed by a confused French right-wing extremist only 40 years ago is very hard to take seriously. Indeed, the fact that not even heretical groups like the Gnostiscs claimed that Jesus had sired children, is good evidence against the claim. The Gnostics, after all, made all kinds of peculiar statements. But not this one. Why? Why are books like "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" and "The Da Vinci Code" so popular? Perhaps they say what many people want to hear. That in itself is somewhat damning, I think. For how many people want to hear the truth? 
 Eve Dallas is a cop in the future, chasing drug dealers, killer and being a badge heavy bitch in general. Her foster mother shows up and tries to get money out of Eve's rich husband and ends up dead.I hated this book, the characters are all unlikeable and the story drags
 Much repetition and too little of artists neither western nor white...or male for that matter. Though the sections are a lovely idea the same art is used in each. A not terribly risky venture, this
 Buy a Girls Gotta Do What a Girls Gotta Do instead.  Snortland's book is more of a feminist's political treastise on how males and females are raised and nurtured versus a pragmatic approach on skills to identify potential threats and strategies to deal with them.  She does hype Impact training which sounds like a beneficial program. I bought it for my daughter, but read it first. Actually, I tried to read it; halfway through the book I  decided to toss it. 
 Although I really do like Ripley's writing and her stories, this one was shameful what she did to the memory of GWTW. I have to blame this on the editors. Scarlett was not the colorful character as in GWTW in this so called sequel. Publishers and editors should know there is no sequel worthy of the original great classic
 This is a revolutionary book. It introduces the stage metaphor into sociology; all of social interaction is a performance on a stage. It's questionable how novel this metaphor is, but this is certianly its first explicit statement. The language used to present the ideas of the author is, like most sociological writing, unecessarily complicated. There are some problems with clarity and structure; the book just doesnt have a holistic feel for me. No sociological background is presupposed, there is extensive quoting from other sociological sources, many footnotes, and various other ways to enter sociological literature throught the book. So if you are interested in reading sociology, this is probably a good place to start (again, the language is unecessicarily thick and this may be it's bane as an introduction).This is a revolutionary book. It introduces the stage metaphor into sociology; all of social interaction is a performance on a stage. It's questionable how novel this metaphor is, but this is certianly its first explicit statement. The language used to present the ideas of the author is, like most sociological writing, unecessarily complicated. There are some problems with clarity and structure; the book just doesnt have a holistic feel for me. No sociological background is presupposed, there is extensive quoting from other sociological sources, many footnotes, and various other ways to enter sociological literature throught the book. So if you are interested in reading sociology, this is probably a good place to start (again, the language is unecessicarily thick and this may be it's bane as an introduction).However, the book is misguided. The idea of viewing social interaction as a performance on a stage is unecessary. The authors motives for saying this will make my position clearer.However, the book is misguided. The idea of viewing social interaction as a performance on a stage is unecessary. The authors motives for saying this will make my position clearer.(The following is a charicature of the author's argument). There is certianly a large amount of social behavior which is directed towards other people (the audience) in order for the audience to build an impression of the actor. Well, if it can happen here we can draw a parallel with other situations, infact all situations and therfore all of social interaction is like a performance on a stage, "All the world is not, of course, a stage, but the crucial ways in which it isnt are hard to specify" (p 72). The performances can either be with individuals, or groups of people, and they can be performing conciously or unconciously. (end of charicature)(The following is a charicature of the author's argument). There is certianly a large amount of social behavior which is directed towards other people (the audience) in order for the audience to build an impression of the actor. Well, if it can happen here we can draw a parallel with other situations, infact all situations and therfore all of social interaction is like a performance on a stage, "All the world is not, of course, a stage, but the crucial ways in which it isnt are hard to specify" (p 72). The performances can either be with individuals, or groups of people, and they can be performing conciously or unconciously. (end of charicature)There are other arguments, obviously, and the statement "we can draw a parallel with other situations" is most of the content of the book, which i dont like to gloss over with a sentence. But the real question here is, is the view worthwhile? My answer: No. Social interaction is a complex phenomena that cant possibly be summed up with a signle metaphor. Yes, some social interaction is like a performance, where indivudals are intentionally making impressions on one another. Yes, some social behavior can arise from unconcious beliefs. However, most social interaction is exactly the way we see it, conciously controlled, meaningful, purposeful interaction with individuals; it is not some kind of performance with the purpose of creating a "reality".There are other arguments, obviously, and the statement "we can draw a parallel with other situations" is most of the content of the book, which i dont like to gloss over with a sentence. But the real question here is, is the view worthwhile? My answer: No. Social interaction is a complex phenomena that cant possibly be summed up with a signle metaphor. Yes, some social interaction is like a performance, where indivudals are intentionally making impressions on one another. Yes, some social behavior can arise from unconcious beliefs. However, most social interaction is exactly the way we see it, conciously controlled, meaningful, purposeful interaction with individuals; it is not some kind of performance with the purpose of creating a "reality".I hope my view of the book is clear so that the biases on the final part of my review can be sorted out: the book is a waste of time. Where the author is right, the statement is little more than common sense. Where the author goes outside of common sense, he's wrong, sometimes plainly so. This book is part of the tradition in sociology of thinking that society pulls the wool over each individuals eyes, that reality is a social construct with no purpose other than social control (here the wool is the performance, and the control has to do with impressions ... but this quickly degenerates into an obscure mess of assertions). There is no real empirical support given for most of the claims. Where "evidence" is given, the evididence is so heavily intepreted that it fails to correspond to facts in the world but rather to facts about the views of the reporter. Where there is no correspondence to the world there is no truth. Various sources of sociology are cited, but this is more like intellectual bullying. Saying that some author, which also didnt have any empirical support for his claims, agrees with you is just to bully your reader into acepting your claims. The claims in the book have no practical application in the world, but only serve to intepret situations differently, and in personal opinion, less correctly. Nothing said here will lead to better predictions about social behavior or a better understanding of psychology. In short, this isnt a scientific study at all. I hope my view of the book is clear so that the biases on the final part of my review can be sorted out: the book is a waste of time. Where the author is right, the statement is little more than common sense. Where the author goes outside of common sense, he's wrong, sometimes plainly so. This book is part of the tradition in sociology of thinking that society pulls the wool over each individuals eyes, that reality is a social construct with no purpose other than social control (here the wool is the performance, and the control has to do with impressions ... but this quickly degenerates into an obscure mess of assertions). There is no real empirical support given for most of the claims. Where "evidence" is given, the evididence is so heavily intepreted that it fails to correspond to facts in the world but rather to facts about the views of the reporter. Where there is no correspondence to the world there is no truth. Various sources of sociology are cited, but this is more like intellectual bullying. Saying that some author, which also didnt have any empirical support for his claims, agrees with you is just to bully your reader into acepting your claims. The claims in the book have no practical application in the world, but only serve to intepret situations differently, and in personal opinion, less correctly. Nothing said here will lead to better predictions about social behavior or a better understanding of psychology. In short, this isnt a scientific study at all. My final qualm with the book deserves its own paragraph, the use of language. The best example is the definitions given at the end of the introduction "A performance may be defined as all of the activity of a given participant on a given occasion which serves to influence in any way any of the other participants" (15). This is a curios definition. Me breathing while i work is a performance, it changes the percentages of O2 and CO2 in the atmosphere near my co-workers. Me staring into space is a performance, other people see me stare into space and are therefore influenced. Infact, me simply existing is a performance, since my existance causes a gravitational effect on the other participants, as well as influencing them to create beliefs about me existing. Its as if Goffman created a definition for performance which included all possible actions taken by any person, and then wrote a book about how all possible actions taken by any person fall under the category of performance. He didnt. He used a word that we associate with controlled behavior (performance) and defined it in a way no one is used to. Then he used alot of word play to show that behavior has no substance, its all for the purpose of maintaining social reality. I hope this very limited example shows the terrible use of language that is endemic to Goffman and sociology more generally.My final qualm with the book deserves its own paragraph, the use of language. The best example is the definitions given at the end of the introduction "A performance may be defined as all of the activity of a given participant on a given occasion which serves to influence in any way any of the other participants" (15). This is a curios definition. Me breathing while i work is a performance, it changes the percentages of O2 and CO2 in the atmosphere near my co-workers. Me staring into space is a performance, other people see me stare into space and are therefore influenced. Infact, me simply existing is a performance, since my existance causes a gravitational effect on the other participants, as well as influencing them to create beliefs about me existing. Its as if Goffman created a definition for performance which included all possible actions taken by any person, and then wrote a book about how all possible actions taken by any person fall under the category of performance. He didnt. He used a word that we associate with controlled behavior (performance) and defined it in a way no one is used to. Then he used alot of word play to show that behavior has no substance, its all for the purpose of maintaining social reality. I hope this very limited example shows the terrible use of language that is endemic to Goffman and sociology more generally.So an ode to sociology is in order ... actually no it isnt. Why wont this subject go away? This book is an integral part of sociology, and it espouses the methods and style of sociological researchers and writers by being an archetypical work within the tradition. The methods are questionable; the style is obscure. Like it or hate it, sociology is a part of modern thought. Read the book to be an educated person and keep in mind its intellectual failings
 I'm surprised that someone so seemingly intelligent does not know that stories and specific examples are what make a book interesting. This book was totally devoid of them, but instead used vague generalizations from beginning to end. I read the whole book and was waiting for it to get good. It never did. Don't waste your time or your money. Any positive review must have been written by the author's friends. I would rather eat cardboard that read this book again.
 I do not think the man who "translated" the Koran here is a true Muslim. One cannot shuffle and reorder the Suras to suit one's own taste. This man does not have the right to mess up our Holy Book in this way. Plue the style of writing is not nearly as engaging as the Ali version. I have not been in a Mosque yet that had this version of the Koran on its shelves. You can go into any Mosque in this country and pick up a copy of the Ali Tranlation for free. Why waste your money on this Infidel sham version?
 I would love to read a neutral book on Barry Bonds, I hate cheerleader type books about players but I also hate one-sided ones as well. The only good things he really has to say about Bonds are about his baseball brain and his relationship with the famous Marge (whom he then sarcastically remarks that Bonds was only her second favorite player).I would love to read a neutral book on Barry Bonds, I hate cheerleader type books about players but I also hate one-sided ones as well. The only good things he really has to say about Bonds are about his baseball brain and his relationship with the famous Marge (whom he then sarcastically remarks that Bonds was only her second favorite player).The book covers a wide variety of topics, some are puzzeling. While most of the book bashes Barry Bonds is also bashes his ex-wife for being an exotic dancer. I was pretty upset to read that, I was a fan of Pearlman but I thought he had more class then that.The book covers a wide variety of topics, some are puzzeling. While most of the book bashes Barry Bonds is also bashes his ex-wife for being an exotic dancer. I was pretty upset to read that, I was a fan of Pearlman but I thought he had more class then that.This book came out right after (or because of) Game of Shadows. This book here actually praises Game of Shadows while bashing Bonds for illegal activities when 3 weeks after the book came out the writers of Book of Shadows are being subpeoned for illegally optaining information, guess that backfired Pearlman. In fact Game of Shadows may be taken off the shelves soon as well.This book came out right after (or because of) Game of Shadows. This book here actually praises Game of Shadows while bashing Bonds for illegal activities when 3 weeks after the book came out the writers of Book of Shadows are being subpeoned for illegally optaining information, guess that backfired Pearlman. In fact Game of Shadows may be taken off the shelves soon as well.The book uses many annoymous sources (there is a reference sheet in the back, most of those articles all include quotes from many unidentified sources), so its really hard to take alot of the harsh quotes that Bonds says seriously because it is heresay.The book uses many annoymous sources (there is a reference sheet in the back, most of those articles all include quotes from many unidentified sources), so its really hard to take alot of the harsh quotes that Bonds says seriously because it is heresay.The book pretty much discredits itself at the end when Pearlman proclaims that sports writers do not actually try or want to dig up dirt on people, they like to find good stories. That quote alone will have any Bonds hater rolling thier eyes at the sheer stupidity of it. Sports writing has became essectially a tabliod now. Even Skip Bayless publically admitted that most writers do that.The book pretty much discredits itself at the end when Pearlman proclaims that sports writers do not actually try or want to dig up dirt on people, they like to find good stories. That quote alone will have any Bonds hater rolling thier eyes at the sheer stupidity of it. Sports writing has became essectially a tabliod now. Even Skip Bayless publically admitted that most writers do that.So once again, the biggest problem is that it fails to stay on neutral ground. This would be like writing a book about Babe Ruth and only mentioning that he beat up umpires, ran into the stands to attack people, slept with hookers, drank all the time, was mean to Lou Gherig, etc.So once again, the biggest problem is that it fails to stay on neutral ground. This would be like writing a book about Babe Ruth and only mentioning that he beat up umpires, ran into the stands to attack people, slept with hookers, drank all the time, was mean to Lou Gherig, etc.While that may be true it would also only tell one part of the story and would be a waste, just like this
 I was disappointed with this purchase. If you read the book jacket, you have gotten about all of the information out of it that's coming.
 Wow, I was expecting a fun, light read, and in the first chapter already had to skim over a couple of paragraphs relating to "mishaps" that happen to animals in Zippy's life. Well, I thought, next chapter will be better. NOT. The next chapter included a graphic scene of chickens being slaughtered by shovels! Every chapter so far has had something very disturbing about animals in it! If you are sensitive to these things, I would not recommend the book. I'm not sure I'm going to finish it at this rate. Granted, I AM super-sensitive to any animal suffering, but this is really overload. I'm halfway through and so far this is the list: The aforementioned chicken slaughter, a neighbor stealing her cat and starving it in the basement, another neighbor looking to poison her cat, dog-sitting for friends and losing the dog and not worrying about it that much and finding him dead days later, her father going out with a shotgun to kill the dogs who massacred Zippy's pet chicken, joking about a neighbor enjoying "puppy stew", keeping her two dogs penned up, torturing a raccoon by holding in front of 30 braying hounds.... I mean, does that seem like a lot to you??? For a light-hearted "tender" memoir???? Jeez louise! I can't sleep at night from this book
 I picked this book up after reading both Books in the Bartimeus Trilogy and was excited to see what else Jonathan Stroud could conjure up. This book was a let down. I just couldn't get into the plot. I even found the story somewhat disturbing and eerie, especially for young children to read. There are very evil characters in this book who would be much better suited for an adult sci-fi novel, rather than a book marketed for children and young teens. The characters were unlikeable, and the plot just never seemed to grab my attention. I was very dissapointed that this is from the same author who wrote the amazing Bartimeus trilogy books! Well, I figured I would add my two cents in and let people know I just didn't like this book
 I have to preface this by saying that I absolutely love eating at the candle. So delicious.before we moved from NYC, I thought we HAVE to get this book. We've tried several of the recipies, following them to the letter, and have been really dissapointed everytime - with the exception of the  hummus.  I think that they must be leaving out some key ingredients in a lot of these recipies, because all of the ones we have attempted have been either completely flavorless, or tasted like salt. Don't even bother with the soups unless you are a gourmet cook and can figure out how to punch them up somehow after following these directions, because they all end up runny and bland. so sad
 Don't be excited about this book's small size and light weight, the text needs more examples to support you while doing homework.  Breif chapter explantions caused me to nearly fail my class.  Was NOT a gret book, in fact many students complained to the Dean regarding this book.  Good luck
 My husband has a theory that Danielle Steel has a dart board and each circle surrounding the center is labeled either, falls in love, loses family member, has death of loved-one,fights for life of herself or loved one, loses partner,business or spouse. He feels when she is at a loss she justs throws off a dart and whatever she hits becomes the outline for her next book. I have been a loyal fan for many many years and take his kidding with a smile and secretly pray he's not right. This book proved me wrong and he was right all these years.It was so obvious from the first few pages what was happening that I was certain I had read this story before somewhere. After having waited  long time to get this book from my local library I was so disappointed that it was so poorly written and so badly not thought through I couldn't even read it completely, but skipped sections to finish it, knowing what was going to happen before I got to it.  
 All over the place.Confusing. Poorly organized.I was unable to read this book and would love to return it.Bad very bad.
 You have to ask yourself, "Why did William Grimes think there was the need for another culinary dictionary?".  As you read the book, the answer comes quickly, before you're even very far into the "A's"... apparently he didn't.I was repeatedly disappointed by the cursory, often puerile definitions which accompany most of the 2000 culinary terms Grimes presents.  The simplistic line or two of text each are accompanied by are often incomplete and sometimes down right misleading.The introduction builds up the book as a necessary tool to help we little folk through the growing complexities of modern food buying and eating.  In a world no longer dominated by a few French terms we are led to believe that this book will bridge the gap between old-school cooking books (say, from before 1990) and the current state of culinaria.  Why then are so many of the terms defined in an out-dated, even archaic mind-set?Take  the term "brown sugar".  This book says it is "unrefined or partially refined sugar", a definition all well and good perhaps 200 years ago.  Today brown sugar is almost always made from refined sugar with a special molasses syrup and colorings added back to it - a very different thing indeed, and Grimes should know the difference.  The are innumerable other examples available in the same vein.Additionally, Grimes give us  "food lists" scattered periodically throughout the book but provides only sporadic support for the words used in them.  For example, there is a list of Varieties of Apples.  48 varieties are listed but when one wants more information on them it is often lacking.  Sure "Red Delicious" apples have an insipid definition in the "R" section but what about the more interesting varieties like "Sundowner", or "Lodi" apples?  No further mention of them can be found in the book.  There is also a huge list of  "Fish and Seafood" but if you are intrigued by what the "Geoduck" or "Sprat" listed might be, you're out of luck (without running to a REAL culinary dictionary).The bright (if limited) spots in the book are the articles on food etymology and history.  There are 7 of them (reprints from other publications and various authors) that are each informative and interesting.  Grimes would have done much better to have put together a collection of these little insightful gems and left the definitions to those more inspired by the subject.My guess is that the brevity of the definitions (leading to rampant deficiencies) was, perhaps, an attempt at simplicity but the effective "dumbing-down" of the book is insulting to anything but the most elementary reader.  I know that Grimes, a former restaurant reviewer for the New York Times, must know a lot more about food than this book makes him sound.  Grimes is listed as the "editor" of this work (along with a number of others) and it defies logic why he would allow his name used as the primary.Unfortunately, my copy of this book is destined for "re-gifting" or a permanent place on a dusty shelf somewhere while my venerable, dog-eared Larousse Gastronomic retains it's place of honor near my desk.Bon appetite, ex libris, and caveat emptor. DH
 I had expected an insightful analysis of the motivations behind modern terrorism. Instead I got a diatribe against western liberalism. Lee Harris is the poster child for the modern John Birchers, people who believe our way is not only the best way, its the only way. In an increasingly global economic and political system, his view of the world can be said to be outmoded, at best quaint, at worst pathological for if we are truely to address the problems facing humanity over the next 100 years, we will need tolerance and inclusivness.
 I enjoy this work, lots of fresh observations and connections.... but having read it in the light of recent trends in the e-biz world, it sounds thin and delusional...a lot like Tom Peters after way too much espresso. There ARE consequences from CONTINUALLY embracing change...and, in my experience ALL of them are BAD. I wonder on what real-world  EXPERIENCE Mr. Kelly bases his thinking. My advice, embrace chaos and change, but do it VERY CAREFULLY...because it will definitely have consequences.  Truth &amp; Beauty!  -Bv
 The only explanation is that James Paterson churned this dog out to make a buck. I've read a number of James Patterson books and while I'm not a hard core fan, I've enjoyed most of them. I know this will outrage some Patterson readers but I'm not much of a fan of Alex Cross who frankly I find boring as hell. The only explanation is that James Paterson churned this dog out to make a buck. I've read a number of James Patterson books and while I'm not a hard core fan, I've enjoyed most of them. I know this will outrage some Patterson readers but I'm not much of a fan of Alex Cross who frankly I find boring as hell. As mediocre as Patterson often is as an author, readers should beware, London Bridges is especially bad. The novel reads like an abridgement, moving at a frantic pace without ever generating any suspense. The premise is ridiculous - super criminals with silly names join forces to blackmail world leaders (sounds like the plot for an Austin Powers movie - without any of the humour). As mediocre as Patterson often is as an author, readers should beware, London Bridges is especially bad. The novel reads like an abridgement, moving at a frantic pace without ever generating any suspense. The premise is ridiculous - super criminals with silly names join forces to blackmail world leaders (sounds like the plot for an Austin Powers movie - without any of the humour). Patterson is not remotely qualified to enter the international terrorist thriller market. An author who churns out 3 or 4 novels a year doesn't have time to do the kind of research that is needed to produce a plausible terrorist thriller. Patterson is not remotely qualified to enter the international terrorist thriller market. An author who churns out 3 or 4 novels a year doesn't have time to do the kind of research that is needed to produce a plausible terrorist thriller. The twists at the end - "he's the wolf - no, he's the wolf - no, she's the wolf - no...." by the end, I just didn't care. The twists at the end - "he's the wolf - no, he's the wolf - no, she's the wolf - no...." by the end, I just didn't care. James Patterson has written some decent crime novels but his fans should beware. Quantity, not quality seems to be Patterson's priority these days. London Bridges is a mess from beginning to end.
 Not his best book,I Thought Waldo Lost in New York is more authoritive. I mean who honestly belives that someone who is always lost can be trusted to help other people become self reliant, when he can't even rely on himself
 Mark Twain once said that (and I paraphrase)the definition of a classic is something that everyone wants to have read and no one wants to read. That is my experience with this book. For some reason, A Tale of Two Cities never made it onto any of my high school reading lists, and I figured it was one of those books I should have under my belt. So I picked it up. What a slog! A book that might have been fascinating due to its French Revolution subject matter was a mass of rambling descriptions and melodrama. We were supposed to shed tears for Sidney Carton, a character who you barely get to know, and root for Lucie Manette...the highly unrealistic paragon of unspoiled goodness. The only thing I liked about this book was how Madame Defarge knitted a list of people on which she planned to take revenge. An admittedly cool concept. Maybe this book speaks to another era, maybe it's past its prime, maybe I don't have the required literary sensibilities, or maybe I couldn't relate, but A Tale of Two Cities bored me to tears.
 While it is true that Brandenburg is a tremendous photographer and the majority of photos are simply breathtaking.  I returned my copy because the datebook also contained disturbing photos of dead wildlife.  I'm very tender when it comes to wildlife, and while I know that death is a natural part of the life cycle, I am disturbed by dead wildlife and would never chose a book or datebook containing such pictures.  For anyone who is animal sensitive and dislikes any death photos, then this IS NOT the book for them.  Otherwise, I would recommend it
 I saw this book at a friend's shortly after seeing the movie.  I asked her if I could borrow it.  She said I wouldn't want to.  She'd been trying to read it for awhile, and didn't like it.  I decided to try anyway.  Unfortunately, my friend was right.  This is a definite case of a movie being much better than a book.  I really liked the movie.  However, the book is too long and boring.  There are so many tangents in it that have nothing to do with the central story.  I can't believe I even finished it.  Rent the movie-don't waste your time on the book
 While this is a well researched and thought-provoking piece of literature, I do have some critical comments to make.Firstly, it is apparent that the author's own holocaust experiences (or more specifically, those of his family) have left him with a vested interest in how the material in this book is presented.Secondly, there is a LOT of content to trawl through to get, in my opinion, a few pieces of interesting material.Finally, the underlying theme or accusation that without IBM the holocaust may not have happened, or would not have been so sever, is (again in my opinion) flawed. As the book shows, IBM certainly made it much easier for the Nazis to locate and identify Jews, it would not have been impossible without IBM.Finally, the underlying theme or accusation that without IBM the holocaust may not have happened, or would not have been so sever, is (again in my opinion) flawed. As the book shows, IBM certainly made it much easier for the Nazis to locate and identify Jews, it would not have been impossible without IBM.Having said all this - it was an interesting read and although overly wordy is certainly worth reading
 There are two things which tickle me about this book.  One is the sample Zack's report at the back which has a strong buy #1 rating on a -.3% return on equity stock.  The other is the section on practical use of the system.  It, of course, is for any type of investor including long term investors even though the effects that the system measures lasts only for 1 - 3 months.  And don't forget about growth investors and value investors either.  This section is so short as to be laughable.  Also notice that in the 2002 A list there were 216 stocks.  Most are going to have to buy a subset.  But what subset?  No info is provided on the performance of typical subsets for each investor class.  Perhaps an MVO addict or a Monte Carlo hack would have the answer
 I zipped through the first 100 pages of this book unable to put it down.  Unfortuneately the author seems to run out of gas after that.  The main character just goes on a big, boring sight seeing tour.  It reminded me of that show on the Travel Channel where that girl visits hotel after hotel fawning over the interior design. There is not a hint of conflict until the final pages and then it's very short-lived and quickly followed by one of the worst non endings I've ever read.  The book just stops.  Not a hint of resolution or even a cliff hanger pointing to a sequel.I zipped through the first 100 pages of this book unable to put it down.  Unfortuneately the author seems to run out of gas after that.  The main character just goes on a big, boring sight seeing tour.  It reminded me of that show on the Travel Channel where that girl visits hotel after hotel fawning over the interior design. There is not a hint of conflict until the final pages and then it's very short-lived and quickly followed by one of the worst non endings I've ever read.  The book just stops.  Not a hint of resolution or even a cliff hanger pointing to a sequel.It's a shame because Grimsley had some great concepts to work with.  In my experience novels that mix technology with magic usually fail at both, but Grimsley had a workable foundation he could have developed into something unique if he had focused on the SF concepts instead of minutiae.  It's a shame because Grimsley had some great concepts to work with.  In my experience novels that mix technology with magic usually fail at both, but Grimsley had a workable foundation he could have developed into something unique if he had focused on the SF concepts instead of minutiae.  Once in a while the characters stop admiring the drapes long enough to notice the GIANT FREAKIN' PORTAL BETWEEN TWO WORLDS--but enough about that.  Gee, what a lovely sofa..
 This book contains some useful historical information and some insights into the mass psychology of booms, bubbles, and busts.This book contains some useful historical information and some insights into the mass psychology of booms, bubbles, and busts.Prechter should have left it at that.  Instead, he offers up predictions.  Big mistake.  This guy bases his forecasts on Fibonacci numbers and so-called Elliott "wave counts."   He labels all market patterns so that they fit the preordained Elliott Wave 5-up, 3-down pattern.  If you see more or fewer waves than he does in any given market move, you just don't understand that there can only be 5 waves to the top of a bull market.  He's imposing his theory on the market, but surprisingly enough, the market doesn't care.  It does whatever it wants, in however many waves it wants, and Bob has been very frustrated at the market's aberrant behavior lately.  He got lucky early in his career, but it seems he's been fairly consistently getting the market wrong since missing the '87 crash.  Prechter should have left it at that.  Instead, he offers up predictions.  Big mistake.  This guy bases his forecasts on Fibonacci numbers and so-called Elliott "wave counts."   He labels all market patterns so that they fit the preordained Elliott Wave 5-up, 3-down pattern.  If you see more or fewer waves than he does in any given market move, you just don't understand that there can only be 5 waves to the top of a bull market.  He's imposing his theory on the market, but surprisingly enough, the market doesn't care.  It does whatever it wants, in however many waves it wants, and Bob has been very frustrated at the market's aberrant behavior lately.  He got lucky early in his career, but it seems he's been fairly consistently getting the market wrong since missing the '87 crash.  Any superstitution can "seem" to work if you only look at its happenstance apparent accuracies and disregard its abundant failures.  Keep looking for certain numbers of waves and Fibonacci ratios and you'll find what you're looking for.  Pick any set of numbers or patterns or wave counts, and you'll find those too.  The market doesn't care about any of those things, though.  It's nothing more than an aggregation of billlions of individual choices, which are influenced by an infinite number of factors none of us can ever understand fully.  University studies of various investing methods have found that Elliott Wave, like most, is no better than random stock selection. Any superstitution can "seem" to work if you only look at its happenstance apparent accuracies and disregard its abundant failures.  Keep looking for certain numbers of waves and Fibonacci ratios and you'll find what you're looking for.  Pick any set of numbers or patterns or wave counts, and you'll find those too.  The market doesn't care about any of those things, though.  It's nothing more than an aggregation of billlions of individual choices, which are influenced by an infinite number of factors none of us can ever understand fully.  University studies of various investing methods have found that Elliott Wave, like most, is no better than random stock selection. If Prechter had chosen the random method, he and his followers would at least have a good chance of keeping pace with the market.  Unfortunately, he has been getting everything from the Dow, to oil (he thought it was going to $10), to gold (he didn't think it could break $400), to deflation (the "deflation" scare ended shortly after this book came out) WRONG in the past couple of years.  He apparently STILL believes that the Dow will go to 400 (not 4,000 but FOUR HUNDRED) because his charts tell him it should (they've been telling him that since about 1990, actually).  Prechter doesn't understand demographics or economics or markets or the monetary system, all of which render "Dow 400" among the goofiest of forecasting absurdities -- unless you believe a giant asteroid will hit and wipe out two thirds of the population (I don't think Prechter is counting on that).If Prechter had chosen the random method, he and his followers would at least have a good chance of keeping pace with the market.  Unfortunately, he has been getting everything from the Dow, to oil (he thought it was going to $10), to gold (he didn't think it could break $400), to deflation (the "deflation" scare ended shortly after this book came out) WRONG in the past couple of years.  He apparently STILL believes that the Dow will go to 400 (not 4,000 but FOUR HUNDRED) because his charts tell him it should (they've been telling him that since about 1990, actually).  Prechter doesn't understand demographics or economics or markets or the monetary system, all of which render "Dow 400" among the goofiest of forecasting absurdities -- unless you believe a giant asteroid will hit and wipe out two thirds of the population (I don't think Prechter is counting on that).Our debt-heavy economy may have a significant crisis soon, perhaps by the end of the decade.  It will most likely be spurred on by inflation and rising interest rates.  But it's not happening now and it's not happening in the way this author has been prematurely forecasting for over a decade.Our debt-heavy economy may have a significant crisis soon, perhaps by the end of the decade.  It will most likely be spurred on by inflation and rising interest rates.  But it's not happening now and it's not happening in the way this author has been prematurely forecasting for over a decade.This book came out near the bottom of the 2000-2002 stock bear market, just in time for a reader to short stocks as they began a new bull market.  How typical.  While promoting the book, Prechter said it was "definite" that stocks would "crash"in 2003.  He said that 2003 would be "the best year yet" for bears (short sellers).  Late into 2003, when it was clear that the market had proven him wrong, Prechter declared on a radio show that by the end of 2004, the Dow would "certainly" fall below 5,000.  Wrong again!  Since his Fibonacci turn dates and Elliott wave counts fail to portend the future, maybe next he'll tell us he's found the secret code to the stock market from the text count of Nostradamus' writings.in 2003.  He said that 2003 would be "the best year yet" for bears (short sellers).  Late into 2003, when it was clear that the market had proven him wrong, Prechter declared on a radio show that by the end of 2004, the Dow would "certainly" fall below 5,000.  Wrong again!  Since his Fibonacci turn dates and Elliott wave counts fail to portend the future, maybe next he'll tell us he's found the secret code to the stock market from the text count of Nostradamus' writings.Bob Prechter couldn't call the market if it was listed in the Yellow Pages.  This guy couldn't time the market if you gave him a stopwatch.  He's throwing out guesses and misleading people by describing them as "definite" and "certain."  He's either a liar or a true believer in his own irrational superstitions.  In either case, he's not credible.Bob Prechter couldn't call the market if it was listed in the Yellow Pages.  This guy couldn't time the market if you gave him a stopwatch.  He's throwing out guesses and misleading people by describing them as "definite" and "certain."  He's either a liar or a true believer in his own irrational superstitions.  In either case, he's not credible.Here's all you really need to know: Buy dividend stocks.  Buy short-term bonds.  Buy gold.  Hang on to them.  Do that and you'll do better than you will trying to follow the prognostications of market gurus.  Plus, you'll have a lot more time to devote to family, fun, and productive activities
 This is truly a disappointing book.  It starts incredibly slowly and I found it very hard to become interested in the plot.  Another disappointment is Koontz's recycling of elements from other novels: (1) plucky, highly intelligent disabled girl (the young female protagonist in "The Hideaway" had almost identical deformities and personality), (2) devoted, super-powered canine companions, (3) bad guys driving around in ultra pimped-out RVs, and (4) evil bioethicists.This is truly a disappointing book.  It starts incredibly slowly and I found it very hard to become interested in the plot.  Another disappointment is Koontz's recycling of elements from other novels: (1) plucky, highly intelligent disabled girl (the young female protagonist in "The Hideaway" had almost identical deformities and personality), (2) devoted, super-powered canine companions, (3) bad guys driving around in ultra pimped-out RVs, and (4) evil bioethicists.The Leilani character is patently ridiculous.  She conveniently has a genius IQ, but that does not make the absurdly adult manner in which she speaks any more believable.  I found it so disconcerting as to detract from the plot.  Koontz clearly has trouble writing for children, and this book is no exception.  Almost all the children featured in his books are either autistic/MR or genius wunderkinds; the latter, however, does not justify his habit of making smart children talk like genius adults.  Dean heaps the hardships on poor Leilani, with all the subtlety of an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger.  In case you miss the anvils, you are supposed to really, really like her and fear for her safety.The Leilani character is patently ridiculous.  She conveniently has a genius IQ, but that does not make the absurdly adult manner in which she speaks any more believable.  I found it so disconcerting as to detract from the plot.  Koontz clearly has trouble writing for children, and this book is no exception.  Almost all the children featured in his books are either autistic/MR or genius wunderkinds; the latter, however, does not justify his habit of making smart children talk like genius adults.  Dean heaps the hardships on poor Leilani, with all the subtlety of an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger.  In case you miss the anvils, you are supposed to really, really like her and fear for her safety.I don't know how or where Dean Koontz learned about bioethics, but he has a terribly misguided view of the field, taking an extreme sect of it to represent the main viewpoint of the field.  Further, he states multiple times that these eugenic bioethics principles are being taught to medical students at major universities (who will have to pay for their involvement with evil bioethics) -- as a medical student, I can assure you that this is patently untrue.  That Koontz could be so off-base on a topic that directly relates to the central motive is disconcerting and makes an already weak book even harder to swallow.I don't know how or where Dean Koontz learned about bioethics, but he has a terribly misguided view of the field, taking an extreme sect of it to represent the main viewpoint of the field.  Further, he states multiple times that these eugenic bioethics principles are being taught to medical students at major universities (who will have to pay for their involvement with evil bioethics) -- as a medical student, I can assure you that this is patently untrue.  That Koontz could be so off-base on a topic that directly relates to the central motive is disconcerting and makes an already weak book even harder to swallow.The final issue is Koontz's near-deification of dogs, particularly Golden Retrievers, which is a common motif in his more recent works.  It is ridiculous and unintentionally funny to an almost painful degree.  His obsession with dogs and their mystical powers borders on the psychotic (and I like dogs).  This novel probably features the most egregious example of Koontz's tendency to create overly sappy, sugary-sweet endings.The final issue is Koontz's near-deification of dogs, particularly Golden Retrievers, which is a common motif in his more recent works.  It is ridiculous and unintentionally funny to an almost painful degree.  His obsession with dogs and their mystical powers borders on the psychotic (and I like dogs).  This novel probably features the most egregious example of Koontz's tendency to create overly sappy, sugary-sweet endings.Dean Koontz has written many books better than this one.  Spend your money on one of his stronger efforts
 McKnight's concerns about communities' dependency on professional assistance are legitimate, but disturbingly overstated in this book.   McKnight's concerns about communities' dependency on professional assistance are legitimate, but disturbingly overstated in this book.   In the end I felt McKnight's trashing of the already well-trodden government provision of social services may not be altogether helpful to distressed communities.  He sidesteps concerns of capital mobility and exploitation and the pernicious effects wrought by years of discrimination.  Any debate over when and where and how social programs can be effective is cast aside as well, since in McKnight's picture, social programs and the professional service providers are, in fact, the vilains and culprits for most of what ails society.  In the end I felt McKnight's trashing of the already well-trodden government provision of social services may not be altogether helpful to distressed communities.  He sidesteps concerns of capital mobility and exploitation and the pernicious effects wrought by years of discrimination.  Any debate over when and where and how social programs can be effective is cast aside as well, since in McKnight's picture, social programs and the professional service providers are, in fact, the vilains and culprits for most of what ails society.  One of the damaging fallacies that seems to be perpetuated in this book is that service professionals are not able to be both professional and caring - the two are deemed mutually incompatible.  Mcknights views resonate with employers' caring rhetoric - conveniently invoked every time a healthcare worker tries to claim she does care about patients but is still entitled to a living wage or, perhaps, health insurance.   One of the damaging fallacies that seems to be perpetuated in this book is that service professionals are not able to be both professional and caring - the two are deemed mutually incompatible.  Mcknights views resonate with employers' caring rhetoric - conveniently invoked every time a healthcare worker tries to claim she does care about patients but is still entitled to a living wage or, perhaps, health insurance.   What is further implied is that communities will readily and ably take up the reign of providing for themselves and their members when denied more institutionalized professional services.  It seems implied that communities had no problems before the social programs to solve them came into being.  In this, I think I see McKnight is invokeing an idealized notion of an society at an earlier time; maybe his argument would have seemed more reasoble in a time when families were less geographically mobile and may have constituted an economic unit, when the elderly lived shorter lives and were less numerous themselves with more children to care for them, and the local economic activities were more functionally interdependent.  What is further implied is that communities will readily and ably take up the reign of providing for themselves and their members when denied more institutionalized professional services.  It seems implied that communities had no problems before the social programs to solve them came into being.  In this, I think I see McKnight is invokeing an idealized notion of an society at an earlier time; maybe his argument would have seemed more reasoble in a time when families were less geographically mobile and may have constituted an economic unit, when the elderly lived shorter lives and were less numerous themselves with more children to care for them, and the local economic activities were more functionally interdependent.  But McKnight's model for today's cure doesn't seem to fit today's conditions.  On the other hand, McKnights solutions may be the only ones available in a society where budget cuts and elimination of social services seem the prevailing trend.
 ........from reading Danielle Steel.  Here's the book:  three bachelors meet three women.  They all break up, they all end up happily ever after.  BORING, not one single exciting thing about this book.  I was happy when my lunch break ended so I could go back to work and stop reading.........from reading Danielle Steel.  Here's the book:  three bachelors meet three women.  They all break up, they all end up happily ever after.  BORING, not one single exciting thing about this book.  I was happy when my lunch break ended so I could go back to work and stop reading.Yes - we keep reading her because we feel obligated and hope for a better book someday, but I think I'm at the end of my rope with Danielle Steel.  My librarian told me last night they aren't even going to carry any new books of hers.  THAT'S sad
 While this book contains a ton of data, don't get it if you want calorie counts on anything homemade.  If you look up french toast, for example, it only gives information on name brand items.  Much of the information in the book is available on the packaging of the products.  I suppose that if you wanted to check it before shopping, or use it before eating out, it would be helpful.  But if you want to find out the caloric content of any homemade items, you are out of luck with this book
 While entertaining, I found several times that the story slowed down and got a little preachy about the politics of drug money. While probably true it distracted from the story by being repeated and heavy handed. I also found the timeline hard to believe. Maybe because I have lived in the area and understand the distances (and traffic) travelled in short periods of time. I am a big Elizabeth Lowell fan  (as well as Ann Maxwell) but this was not one of her better books
 I was very disappointed in this book even though it was a miniature.  Some of the pages were blank, having not even been printed.  I figure the book was a total loss of money spent
 Gary Zukav states in his introduction "I had never studied physics. In fact I didn't like science and I had no mathematical aptitude.Gary Zukav states in his introduction "I had never studied physics. In fact I didn't like science and I had no mathematical aptitude.On Opra (TV) he admitted that he does not have a TV which may explain his lack of contemporary physics let alone any depth.On Opra (TV) he admitted that he does not have a TV which may explain his lack of contemporary physics let alone any depth.I noticed that some reviewers refer to the "New Physics" is that like "New Age" or voodoo physics? I noticed that some reviewers refer to the "New Physics" is that like "New Age" or voodoo physics? 90% of the matter must be missing from this book. Or else how can he take physics out of context and make such fantastic leaps to religions parallels that he knows little of. He even twists the religion around to serve some unknown purpose. 90% of the matter must be missing from this book. Or else how can he take physics out of context and make such fantastic leaps to religions parallels that he knows little of. He even twists the religion around to serve some unknown purpose. Many people say they did not understand physics until this book; Surprises, you still do not. You now know what Zukav wished physics was. Take anti-mater for instants that does not mean the opposite of mater. And the relationship between particles has no correlation with the relationship of dogs and cats.Many people say they did not understand physics until this book; Surprises, you still do not. You now know what Zukav wished physics was. Take anti-mater for instants that does not mean the opposite of mater. And the relationship between particles has no correlation with the relationship of dogs and cats.At least get it straight before mixing it up. Try reading some of these:"The Ascent of Man by Jacob Bronowski". The book available everywhere the DVD's available from the UK."The Ascent of Man by Jacob Bronowski". The book available everywhere the DVD's available from the UK."The Upanishads" by Eknath Easwaran (Editor), Michael N. Nagler (Photographer)"The Upanishads" by Eknath Easwaran (Editor), Michael N. Nagler (Photographer)Or just about any mainstream material on physics and religion.Or just about any mainstream material on physics and religion.Then if you still want to mix worlds into one read someone saner:"The Tao of Physics: An Exploration of the Parallels between Modern Physics and Eastern Mysticism" by Fritjof Capra."The Tao of Physics: An Exploration of the Parallels between Modern Physics and Eastern Mysticism" by Fritjof Capra.Also on the fringe but not as radical as Zukav is a series called "What the Bleep." (both in books and on video)
 My first Grisham novel, and it reminded me of why I seldom read fiction.  The plot has numerous barely-believable twists, the most ridiculous of which is the protagonist's attorney assisting him in eluding authorities after escaping a juvenile detention facility.  Said lawyer then drives from Memphis to New Orleans with the little delinquent in her car basically at the kid's mere suggestion.  Absurd!  No attorney in his/her right mind would do such a thing!My first Grisham novel, and it reminded me of why I seldom read fiction.  The plot has numerous barely-believable twists, the most ridiculous of which is the protagonist's attorney assisting him in eluding authorities after escaping a juvenile detention facility.  Said lawyer then drives from Memphis to New Orleans with the little delinquent in her car basically at the kid's mere suggestion.  Absurd!  No attorney in his/her right mind would do such a thing!The "storybook ending"just prior to the boarding of the FBI Director's private jet is implausible as well as gratuitously sappy.  Also, I highly doubt that the FBI Director gets personally involved in many -- if any -- such cases.The "storybook ending"just prior to the boarding of the FBI Director's private jet is implausible as well as gratuitously sappy.  Also, I highly doubt that the FBI Director gets personally involved in many -- if any -- such cases.Thankfully, I paid only 25 cents for this book in paperback form at a garage sale 2 weeks ago.  Given that it's written at about a 4th-grade reading level (and I have no children), it'll make good fireplace kindling next fall.Thankfully, I paid only 25 cents for this book in paperback form at a garage sale 2 weeks ago.  Given that it's written at about a 4th-grade reading level (and I have no children), it'll make good fireplace kindling next fall.First Grisham = LAST Grisham
 I was disappointed with this novel which is set in my hometown of Chicago.  I had hoped that the author would have taken advantage of this setting, but it really seemed as if he had just read one of our gay newspapers and pulled out a few names to function as place names.  The plot is trite as are most of the characters.  Characters change their "stripes" at the drop of a hat.  The book has a certain fairy tale, and they lived happily ever after quality that I found really disconcerting.  I would have been more "satisfied" if Dean (the main character) had turned out to be an ax murderer!  Just kidding of course or am I?  If you can pick this book up used for a couple of bucks, okay but don't you pay a penny more
 I ordered this book and read most of it in the hope that I would learn something about Familiars . In the interval between ordering and receiving my sixth sense made me begin to have doubts about Ms Little . Had she flown about the battlements of an old castle in the form of an Owl? Had she entertained A Hyrax or a Feral Cat as a house guest ? Had she ever had a pet Bat living behind a picture in the living room ? Was she acquainted with the properties of Henbane and twylight sleep and did she number Hecate among her close friends? The kindest thing , I thought was to suggest that Ms Little Knew as much about Familiars as I know about Conveyancing or Futures Trading , and let it go at that 
 Now that Hannity has gone on the record as a pedofilia apologist and defender of child molestation. Now that Hannity has gone on the record as a pedofilia apologist and defender of child molestation. "Thank God for Hannity!"-Lee Krock, founder of NAMBL
 I am a teacher at an inner-city school that struggles with the same issues presented by Kozol.  That said, this is the fourth of Kozol's works that I have read, and I came away just as disappointed with "The Shame of the Nation" as I did with the rest of them.  I am so incredibly sick of him shouting from the mountaintops that there is a problem with public education.  He acts like we don't already know.  He acts like there is some unseen solution out there that should be obvious to everybody.  Instead of pointing fingers and and complaining about it, why doesn't he use his experience and know-it-all knowledge to offer real, concrete and practical solutions?  Kozol is a classic Monday-morning quarterback pointing out the flaws in what everybody else is doing - but he doesn't get his hands dirty anymore.  If he is really as educationally omnipresent as he thinks he is, the least he could do is offer some solutions.  I've made four mistakes.  I will not make a fifth.  I have 150 underpriveleged kids to teach, and I can't afford to waste my time on another volume of complaints while he points out the obvious
 What a disastrously bad and unfunny novel.  The self-involved main character is pathetic and whiny, the "plot" is see-through and cliched, and the writing style is far below what can be found on any mediocre blog.What a disastrously bad and unfunny novel.  The self-involved main character is pathetic and whiny, the "plot" is see-through and cliched, and the writing style is far below what can be found on any mediocre blog.When people criticize chick lit, this is exactly the kind of book they're talking about.  It's shallow to such a shocking degree than when it tries to take itself seriously, or stretches for a literary flourish, it's absolutely cringe-worthy.  I find it hard to believe the people who've praised it here actually read the same book.When people criticize chick lit, this is exactly the kind of book they're talking about.  It's shallow to such a shocking degree than when it tries to take itself seriously, or stretches for a literary flourish, it's absolutely cringe-worthy.  I find it hard to believe the people who've praised it here actually read the same book.This was given to me by an acquaintance shortly after my engagement.  She said she didn't really like it but thought it would be "more my kind of thing."  Obviously not a person who knows me well.  Thankfully, it doesn't appear the author is terribly prolific, so readers don't need to worry about trying to stumble through page after page of show-offy navel-gazing.This was given to me by an acquaintance shortly after my engagement.  She said she didn't really like it but thought it would be "more my kind of thing."  Obviously not a person who knows me well.  Thankfully, it doesn't appear the author is terribly prolific, so readers don't need to worry about trying to stumble through page after page of show-offy navel-gazing.I wouldn't say it's one of the worst books I've read, but it's certainly one of the most useless
 Prof. Gardner's book is disappointing. He tries to be all things to all people saying both that he believes in basic competencies but wants to put inquiry first. Also, his language is inflated, and lacking in philosopical specificity. For example, he believes in building up the inner world of "mental representations" [unexplained term] yet insists on "performances of understanding" [another unexplained term]. Prof. Gardner's book is disappointing. He tries to be all things to all people saying both that he believes in basic competencies but wants to put inquiry first. Also, his language is inflated, and lacking in philosopical specificity. For example, he believes in building up the inner world of "mental representations" [unexplained term] yet insists on "performances of understanding" [another unexplained term]. Also, he has respect for the individual learner and individual differences, yet he is concerned about the "position" or "situation" or social class dynamics in which the learning takes place. Thus, he fails to do justice either to the individual or to class, race, or gender.  The role of leadership in learning is wholly ignored; and responsibility is not explored.  In short, it is extremely difficult to pin down Prof. Gardner. It would be kind to say he is eclectic. I hope it's just not fuzzy thinking.Also, he has respect for the individual learner and individual differences, yet he is concerned about the "position" or "situation" or social class dynamics in which the learning takes place. Thus, he fails to do justice either to the individual or to class, race, or gender.  The role of leadership in learning is wholly ignored; and responsibility is not explored.  In short, it is extremely difficult to pin down Prof. Gardner. It would be kind to say he is eclectic. I hope it's just not fuzzy thinking.However, we can discern that he has a romantic obsession with beauty, truth, and goodness. Imagine -- the Holocaust is reduced to being an illustration of what goodness is or is not! His treatment of these ideas is superficial and banal. I don't like to be so judgmental, but his writing about them does not deserve a detailed analysis.However, we can discern that he has a romantic obsession with beauty, truth, and goodness. Imagine -- the Holocaust is reduced to being an illustration of what goodness is or is not! His treatment of these ideas is superficial and banal. I don't like to be so judgmental, but his writing about them does not deserve a detailed analysis.When attacking E.D. Hirsch whom he calls the main speaker for "cultural literacy," he sets up a straw man. He says that Hirsch's school of thought has an underlying belief in the Lockeian "tabula rasa." Yet, I find nothing in Hirsch's writings to indicate that he believes in a tabula rasa. When attacking E.D. Hirsch whom he calls the main speaker for "cultural literacy," he sets up a straw man. He says that Hirsch's school of thought has an underlying belief in the Lockeian "tabula rasa." Yet, I find nothing in Hirsch's writings to indicate that he believes in a tabula rasa. Further, is Prof. Gardner really less elitist than Hirsch as some have claimed? I have found that the Harvard elite spend their entire lives trying to achieve and learn everything, and be on top. Their lives are marked by ambition to the Nth degree; yet, he debunks time-honored and experience-honored content areas that traditionally have defined literacy at its best. Thus, I find a certain inherent dishonesty in Gardner's presentation.  Further, is Prof. Gardner really less elitist than Hirsch as some have claimed? I have found that the Harvard elite spend their entire lives trying to achieve and learn everything, and be on top. Their lives are marked by ambition to the Nth degree; yet, he debunks time-honored and experience-honored content areas that traditionally have defined literacy at its best. Thus, I find a certain inherent dishonesty in Gardner's presentation.  Believe me, friends, I have taught students who have many ideals, Greek ideals and other ideals, but know very little, nor do they aspire to learn. If they have those ideals, and if they are facile and glib, will they be the leaders of tomorrow who are embraced by Prof. Gardner?Believe me, friends, I have taught students who have many ideals, Greek ideals and other ideals, but know very little, nor do they aspire to learn. If they have those ideals, and if they are facile and glib, will they be the leaders of tomorrow who are embraced by Prof. Gardner?I find a tendency on Prof. Gardner's part to oversimplify certain issues like the Holocaust, and to overcomplicate certain others like the nature of intelligence. I find a tendency on Prof. Gardner's part to oversimplify certain issues like the Holocaust, and to overcomplicate certain others like the nature of intelligence. The world is not waiting for the concept of intelligence to be re-written.  Am I oversimplifying when I think that there is something very awkward about saying that there is no fundamental difference in intelligence between Einstein and the custodian of my school? Is this awkwardness because I am an elitist putting down the custodian?  Is it because of lack of intelligence that I am still in the grip of a univocal definition of intelligence? I don't think so. Rather, we all know we are dependent on each other, and that everybody has some unique aptitudes or gifts they can express and be respected for, but trying to elevate this understanding to a higher level of truth or intellectual significance seems to me to be illegitimate. The world is not waiting for the concept of intelligence to be re-written.  Am I oversimplifying when I think that there is something very awkward about saying that there is no fundamental difference in intelligence between Einstein and the custodian of my school? Is this awkwardness because I am an elitist putting down the custodian?  Is it because of lack of intelligence that I am still in the grip of a univocal definition of intelligence? I don't think so. Rather, we all know we are dependent on each other, and that everybody has some unique aptitudes or gifts they can express and be respected for, but trying to elevate this understanding to a higher level of truth or intellectual significance seems to me to be illegitimate. Lastly, his writing style is a bit too fond of adjectives, and the book reads as a whole like It Takes A Village by Mrs. Clinton. The Disciplined Mind has a mellifluous style that presents itself as being highly sophisticated and, at the same time, as down-to-earth, with balanced common sense. Yet, ultimately, the book is boring.  As one Amazon reviewer states, Prof. Gardner is full of himself.  Lastly, his writing style is a bit too fond of adjectives, and the book reads as a whole like It Takes A Village by Mrs. Clinton. The Disciplined Mind has a mellifluous style that presents itself as being highly sophisticated and, at the same time, as down-to-earth, with balanced common sense. Yet, ultimately, the book is boring.  As one Amazon reviewer states, Prof. Gardner is full of himself.  In this book, there is no straightforward discussion or emphasis placed on knowledge, justice, Judeo-Christian values, persistence, responsibility, or character development...words which I find essential for a true philosophy of education.In this book, there is no straightforward discussion or emphasis placed on knowledge, justice, Judeo-Christian values, persistence, responsibility, or character development...words which I find essential for a true philosophy of education.
 BECOMING A MASTER MANAGER, the textbook currently used in my Introduction to Management class, does not effectively convey the important fundamentals of business management.  The book is structured around eight 'roles' of an effective manager, and each role is further broken down into a number of competencies that are functions of that particular role.  While I appreciate the effort to organize a relatively broad subject, I do not feel that the book is necessarily easy to follow.  The reading is constantly being interrupted by assessments and applications for each competency, and while meant well, they are usually skipped over in an attempted to finish the reading and they seem to me to be a large waste of paper.  Furthermore, BECOMING A MASTER MANAGER stresses models and theories of management that I find useless without the necessary fundamentals of management, which are not adequately presented in the textbook.  Some of the models and theories have merit and should be discussed more in depth, but in a more advanced level of business management.  And while BECOMING A MASTER MANAGER is the official textbook for my management class, I have relied heavily on a different textbook for my information, and only the eve of a test do I bother to look over BECOMING A MASTER MANAGER, I do not recommend this textbook for an introductory class at all
 I'm not a fan of mysteries to begin with.  However, my public library has a limited selection of audio books, so I take what I can get.  I am a voracious reader, and I listen to audios to get more "reading" in, as you can listen and do other things.  I much prefer the Lillian Jackson Braun "cat" books, at least there is some humor, and I like the "mystery" part of these books better than Deaver's.  Sorry to all the Deaver fan's out there...I HAVE enjoyed a few of his books, but I get tired of the "same ole-same ole"
 I bought this book because it was listed with Ellen Miller's Like Being Killed, a brilliant and complex book about a woman's love affair with heroin, her best friend Susie, and her best friend's duplicitous HIV positive boyfriend. The protagonist herself was brilliant and complex. So naturally, I expected the same thing out of Swimming Sweet Arrow. Man, was I disappointed. This was yet another trashy tale about a pathetic woman's masochistic sex life, pathetic obsession with brutal men, and pathetic quest for attention. Her entire life is a meta-existence: rather than desiring, she desires to be desired. Rather than enjoying, she enjoys being enjoyed. The male characters and the female characters are written by someone who has never met a male or female who didn't exhibit the most common stereotypes; in her world, all men are sensation-craving brutes, and all women are attention-craving doormats. The men want drugs, fun, and sex, and the women whine and cry and enjoy nothing--not the drugs, not the sex, just being a victim due to the attention it provides. This book made me really miserable to be perceived as part of this gender. 
 I have read all twelve of these books and hoping there will be more. The language is pretty graphic but they are so funny you can usually ignore those words. These books can cause you embaesment, since I read where ever I have to sit and wait and you burst out laughing people do stare and wonder if you are losing it. Please we would all like to see more of these
 On the plus side, this book is fairly easy to understand and contains sufficient pictures of the exercises.  I was very excited at first, but unfortunately none of the exercises, massages, meditations, etc I tried seemed to help any of my health problems, even after a month.  The book contains inspiring stories of people who have quickly recovered from serious illness or injury, yet leaves me crying in disappointment.  I will probably keep trying a few of the exercises and methods for awhile, but I don't hold any hope of them suddenly starting to work at this point
 This is a nice enough board book, but be advised that it is NOT the full version of Dr. Seuss' book!  They've left out several (charming!) pages of text and illustrations for the Board Book...  What a disappointment to loyal fans, and how unfair to the newest generation of fans-to-be
 For decades, many male professors have made the same excuses for sexual exploitation of their students--to the fury of feminists.  To read a feminist using the same rationalizations is both nauseating and infuriating
 This book was suggested reading as if &quot; THE GREAT SECRET to PERSONAL FREEDOM&quot; was going to be revealed. It spoke of a self-centered mindset that seemed to suggest that I was to live my life how I wanted and not consider how my actions would affect others around me. A very simplistic and selfish point of view
     I read a good short story by Franzen in The New Yorker a couple years ago, but this book is lame, lame, lame.  The essays contain little to no humor or insight- they are just lengthy, boring opinions on various subjects.  Imagine if you can a duller, less-relavant Andy Rooney.  If I wanted to read some loser's uninspired musings, I would get on the internet and start reading weblogs.  I hereby declare this book Unreadable
 Sorry for the sarcastic title. I've read most of this book. I'm still reading the last chapter which is actually the most hopeful chapter.I'll start with what I liked. Harris lays out some good suggestions on handling the pyhsical aspects of a dating relationship (or courtship if you get caught up in semantics)However, Harris offers nothing else except a rudimentary courtship model that involves physical boundaries and guarding against things moving too quickly.I think this is good wisdom, but the book completely lacks in many other apects of pursuing a relationship. He talks very little about communication skills. Also you won't find much on personality traits or compatibility. When I began a relationship with my girlfriend I read this book. I don't regret reading it, but it lacks in a lot of areas. Part of this is due to the fact that I don't know what credentials Joshua Harris has to make his claims. He is not a Phd, or a relationship or family counselor. He had two substantial romantic relationships in his life. One with the girl who inspired him to write his first book, and the other with his current wife. When it comes to relationships, I would hardly call Joshua Harris and authority on the subject. He has no more experience or wisdom that the average person who would pick his book up off the shelf.I support the crux of what Harris talks about. I respect the fact that him and his wife Shannon waited to their wedding day for their first kiss. The book is chivalrous and romantic. It is a hopeful book. But it paints only a partial picture of how to persue a relationship. If you are into reading relationship books, just be sure this isn't your only resource.
 This is my 3rd McDermid novel, I previously read 'Mermaids Singing' and 'Wire in the Blood.' McDermid writes good prose but in this 3rd novel I see dangerous repetitions in character types which, if repeated in the next Tony Hill/Carol Jordan book will make that one my last purchase. Generally McDermid paints female police officers as brighter, more diligent and more intuitive than their male counterparts, as well as more often homosexual. The men, with the exception of leading man Tony Hill, are mostly all egotistical, back-stabbing, power-hungry morons of the lowest order, while Hill is rendered impotent -- a redundant bit of emasculation since all the other males are castrated of their moral fiber. The slow mating dance between Hill and Jordan gets a lot of buildup and little payoff. And in this book, the serial killer and the surrounding hunt for him are as limply portrayed as Dr. Hill. The emotional connection between Hill and the killers in the two previous books is missing here, making the entire killer plot read like an afterthought. And the real villain -- not the serial killer but a drug-pushing / illegal-immigrant smuggler loses character focus as the reader is given reason to sympathize with him as well as with the killer. The climactic scenes involving the capture of one villain and the death of another are without any sense of thrill or danger. I was extremely disappointed with this book
 was worthless...was not the correct match for my class book requirement.  Never used it...if someone wants it you can have it for freewas worthless...was not the correct match for my class book requirement.  Never used it...if someone wants it you can have it for freewas worthless...was not the correct match for my class book requirement.  Never used it...if someone wants it you can have it for free
 While this book may give some basic ideas that are useful to keep in mind while you are trying to understand your relationships with others, in the end it is just another attempt to give people answers they want even though such answers don't exist.  I'll admit that being a first or second born might have a general effect on your personality, but just how far can we take this kind of analysis?  The author of this book goes so far to offer that by knowing your own birth order and that of your same-sex parent, he can determine the birth order of your ideal match.  My father was 3rd and I was 2nd, thus I should pair with a 4th born.  Anyone who thinks about that for five seconds should realize that it is totally bogus pseudo-science.  There are too many factors involved to be able to make such predictions.  Not every Nth born is the same, and no relationship between Nth and Mth borns can be analysed this way.  As with astrology, the only thing this book can do is unnecessarily deter you from pursuing relationships with people just because they are the wrong "sign".  Who's to say I won't get along with a 2nd born?  Rather than relying on voodoo like this, we are better off just paying attention to how we actually get along with other individuals
 I was looking for a book with practical advice on how to handle real-life situations.  I felt most of the book talked about how to parent, i.e. cosleeping, wearing baby, etc, but did not give advice on how to handle a specific situation.  What do i do when my child runs away from me toward the street and then hits and bites me when I pick him up?  I don't want to spank, but a 24-month old just doesn't take to "a talk" or timeout like Dr. Sears says he should.  The Sears Birth Book was amazing, I recommend it to anyone, but this book did not help me answer my questions
 I'm usually a sucker for just about any kooky theories backed up by barely-there evidence. Even trying very hard to be generous (hey, I'm a Christian and I think it would be fabulous if the stuff in this book were true), I think I could poke a hole in every page. And that's after perhaps 12 months of formal Mandarin study and a similar amount of Cantonese.I'm usually a sucker for just about any kooky theories backed up by barely-there evidence. Even trying very hard to be generous (hey, I'm a Christian and I think it would be fabulous if the stuff in this book were true), I think I could poke a hole in every page. And that's after perhaps 12 months of formal Mandarin study and a similar amount of Cantonese.Don't buy it. It's embarrassing to Christians that this sort of thing gets passed around as scholarship. If they'd wrapped it up with a plot around it, it'd make a great work of fiction
 "OF PARADISE AND POWER" - BY ROBERT KAGAN"OF PARADISE AND POWER" - BY ROBERT KAGAN"Americans are from Mars and Europeans are from Venus" - apart from simply raising a few eyebrows, this line by Robert Kagan author of "Of Paradise And Power", has not only caught the attention of many but managed to stir up a wave of discussions among the politicians and elites concerned with cross-Atlantic relations. Kagan's thought provoking book became extremely popular and received international acclaim for its analysis of the deteriorating US-Europe relationship, not to mention its catchy and striking phrases systematically introduced throughout the slender yet captivating book. Kagan introduces multiple chapters in his book, in order to deconstruct the key underlying issues which he claims are causes of the ever widening divide between US and Europe. In the chapter "The Power Gap", Kagan starts from World War I to understand the aversiveness Europe displays towards military and wars. He argues that while both the World Wars weakened Europe tremendously; they helped the US emerge as a super power. He further elaborates on the might of the US in the chapter that follows - "Psychologies of Power and Weakness". Kagan explains how lack of power can not only affect psychologies and ideologies, but change perspectives as well. He claims Europe's paucity of military power compels it to not only tolerate threats but ignore them all together and at the same time try and counterbalance the US force by constructing a world which is governed by economic and soft non-violent methods. This chapter culminates into "Hyperpussiance", a chapter in which Kagan discusses intricate details of Kosovo and Bosnia, highlighting Europe's failure and America's effectiveness in handling the situation. He finally presents his central argument in the chapters "The Post Modern Paradise" and "The World America Made" where Kagan states, "Europe's evolution into its present state occurred under the mantle of the U.S. security guarantee and could not have occurred without it." Casting doubts on Europe's intentions, Kagan centers his argument on the growing self-centered policies of Europe and questions the validity of cohesive terms such as `west' in his chapter "Is It Still `The West'"? Finally, it seems Kagan provides a solution to this insolvable problem of the US-Europe divide in his concluding chapter, "Adjusting to Hegemony", by simply stating one line - "the task for both Europeans and Americans is to readjust to the new reality of American hegemony". This extremely small book, as compared to the issue it addresses needs further analysis and some close examining. There are many issues to be addressed in Kagan's brief analysis and one might not be completely satisfied with certain claims, reasonings or the manner in which such a grave and sensitive topic is handled. While there is a tone of underlying bias (in contrast to the general opinion of a well-balanced view that the author holds), Kagan manages to miss out some crucial facts and figures, not to mention present stark paradoxes, and the essay lacks sufficient citings.  Europe divide in his concluding chapter, "Adjusting to Hegemony", by simply stating one line - "the task for both Europeans and Americans is to readjust to the new reality of American hegemony". This extremely small book, as compared to the issue it addresses needs further analysis and some close examining. There are many issues to be addressed in Kagan's brief analysis and one might not be completely satisfied with certain claims, reasonings or the manner in which such a grave and sensitive topic is handled. While there is a tone of underlying bias (in contrast to the general opinion of a well-balanced view that the author holds), Kagan manages to miss out some crucial facts and figures, not to mention present stark paradoxes, and the essay lacks sufficient citings.      To start with, let me point out the contradictions in Kagan's arguments, the presence of which highly undermines his claims, leaving the reader in a dilemma unconvinced of either argument. Kagan claims, "Europe's relative weakness has understandably produced a powerful European interest in building a world where military strength and hard power matter less than economic and soft power...rules of behavior" (pg.37). He goes on to say, - "Since Europeans lack the capacity to undertake unilateral military actions, either individually or collectively as `Europe,' it is natural that they should oppose allowing others to do that they cannot do themselves."(pg.38) in contrast to "...Europe today has the wealth and technological capability to make itself more of a world power in military terms if Europe wanted to become that kind of world power" (pg.53-54). Kagan contradicts his own views, stating many times that Europe is militarily weak, nor does it have the capacity to build up its forces yet at the same time, puts forth an argument of Europe's capabilities of increasing its defense spending and military might to match the US.     In the chapter, Psychologies of Power and Weakness, Kagan's one claim contradicts another which is made in the next chapter as the reasoning for both his claims seem to be absolutely tangential. He first explains Europe's greater tolerance for threats is due to its weakness and the fearful past, which it has suffered from. He then metaphorically explains it by giving the example of a man with a knife and the same one with a rifle having different interpretations of the word `threat' when confronting a bear (pg.31). But again Kagan himself feels Europe can become a military power as and when it wishes to, when he says "They could easily spend twice as much as they are currently spending on defense if they believed it necessary to do so" (pg.54). So this forces me to ask a question, would one be mauled by a bear if one could produce a rifle to prevent this misfortune? So isn't it quite possible that Europeans feel safe, not because they "...enjoy the `free ride' they have gotten under the American security umbrella over the past six decades" (pg.54), but rather because there was and is no real threat at all?    In the chapter, Psychologies of Power and Weakness, Kagan's one claim contradicts another which is made in the next chapter as the reasoning for both his claims seem to be absolutely tangential. He first explains Europe's greater tolerance for threats is due to its weakness and the fearful past, which it has suffered from. He then metaphorically explains it by giving the example of a man with a knife and the same one with a rifle having different interpretations of the word `threat' when confronting a bear (pg.31). But again Kagan himself feels Europe can become a military power as and when it wishes to, when he says "They could easily spend twice as much as they are currently spending on defense if they believed it necessary to do so" (pg.54). So this forces me to ask a question, would one be mauled by a bear if one could produce a rifle to prevent this misfortune? So isn't it quite possible that Europeans feel safe, not because they "...enjoy the `free ride' they have gotten under the American security umbrella over the past six decades" (pg.54), but rather because there was and is no real threat at all?    With the use of phrases such as "The Axis of Evil" and "Rouge States" (pg.30), which Kagan uses to describe Iraq and Iran, not to mention his references to `Weapons of Mass Destruction' (which he uses as a pretext to the war in Iraq), which still seem to be elusive for some reason, he seems to perplex me by blatantly ignoring his own creation. While Kagan maintains that Iraq was a threat and the US perceived it as one while Europe did not, he might want to explain as to why, in 1997, he (Kagan was the Director of the Project for the New American Century) signed a document which justifies American occupation of the Middle-East, irrespective of threats from Iraq or Iran. "The United States has for decades sought to play a more permanent role in Gulf regional security. While the unresolved conflict with Iraq provides the immediate justification, the need for a substantial American force presence in the Gulf transcends the issue of the regime of Saddam Hussein...From an American perspective, the value of such bases would endure even should Saddam pass from the scene. Over the long term, Iran may well prove as large a threat to U.S. interests in the Gulf as Iraq has. And even should U.S.-Iranian relations improve; retaining forward-based forces in the region would still be an essential element in U.S. security strategy given the longstanding American interests in the region."(pg.17 - Rebuilding America's Defenses - *1) This forces me to conclude that either the author has resorted to `cherry picking' of evidence or he suffers from selective amnesia.    Some of his reasoning, analysis and analogies seem to be too nave. When explaining military action, one cannot justify it by saying, "When you have a hammer, all problems start to look like nails". The author speaks about the nation's (US's) willingness to go to war simply because it has the ability and the capacity to do so. Without discussing a need or providing concrete reasons for the use of aggression, the author seems to be content in justifying use of force, simply because one has it. One important aspect Kagan leaves out in his analysis are the political and economical aspects of the ongoing US-Europe feud. While I have discussed some economical aspects later in the review, one must note that Kagan does not mention the Kyoto Protocol (apart from Clinton's negotiation of it (pg.45)). The US withdrawal from the Protocol had created serious problems and divisions between the two giants (www.climnet.org - *2). While there were many other issues that further fanned the growing fire, disagreements over the Anti-Ballistic Missile treaty for example, which Kagan conveniently sweeps under the carpet, needed to be addressed if one is discussing transatlantic relations (www.bbcnews.com - *3, 4)    Some of his reasoning, analysis and analogies seem to be too nave. When explaining military action, one cannot justify it by saying, "When you have a hammer, all problems start to look like nails". The author speaks about the nation's (US's) willingness to go to war simply because it has the ability and the capacity to do so. Without discussing a need or providing concrete reasons for the use of aggression, the author seems to be content in justifying use of force, simply because one has it. One important aspect Kagan leaves out in his analysis are the political and economical aspects of the ongoing US-Europe feud. While I have discussed some economical aspects later in the review, one must note that Kagan does not mention the Kyoto Protocol (apart from Clinton's negotiation of it (pg.45)). The US withdrawal from the Protocol had created serious problems and divisions between the two giants (www.climnet.org - *2). While there were many other issues that further fanned the growing fire, disagreements over the Anti-Ballistic Missile treaty for example, which Kagan conveniently sweeps under the carpet, needed to be addressed if one is discussing transatlantic relations (www.bbcnews.com - *3, 4)    For a book which covers issues from the pre World War II decade (occasionally going back to ancient philosophy) to the present issues, 72 citations, from which many are simply extended explanations (for examples, see supra notes- 19, 20, 22), seem to be alarmingly low, especially with the absence of some important ones and not to mention, certain citations which wrongly allude to historical facts. Kagan mentions, "As `some' Europeans put it, the real division of labor consisted of the United States making the dinner and the Europeans doing the dishes" (pg.23), yet he does not refer to any source for this cynical statement. He says, "The vast majority of Europeans always believed that the threat (if any) posed by Saddam was more tolerable than the risk of removing him" along with other alleging statements like, "The rehabilitation and reintegration of Saddam Hussein's Iraq is precisely what they(Europe) sought" (pg.44) , and again gives no source for the origin of these beliefs. Strangely, he supports one of his claims by stating in his supra note.20, pg.30, "for that matter, this is also the view commonly found in American textbooks". One might not generally expect to see such puerile purporting evidence in a scholarly analysis of transatlantic relations. Kagan at times jumps back to Athenian times and has injected strong philosophies in his essay. He mentions a number of times how Americans see the world from a Hobbesian perspective while Europeans are followers of Kantinian policies. Kagan seems to have overlooked the fact, that though Hobbes had described the state of nature as that of "all against all", the only reason Hobbes justifies a sovereignty is to ensure peace on earth. Kagan conveniently cites Hobbes (Hobbes theory itself was flawed as later philosophers termed it as `Hobbes Dilemma') to justify American aggression, but no where in Hobbes' theory is aggression justified by the sovereign (Leviathan - Ch.17).     For a book which covers issues from the pre World War II decade (occasionally going back to ancient philosophy) to the present issues, 72 citations, from which many are simply extended explanations (for examples, see supra notes- 19, 20, 22), seem to be alarmingly low, especially with the absence of some important ones and not to mention, certain citations which wrongly allude to historical facts. Kagan mentions, "As `some' Europeans put it, the real division of labor consisted of the United States making the dinner and the Europeans doing the dishes" (pg.23), yet he does not refer to any source for this cynical statement. He says, "The vast majority of Europeans always believed that the threat (if any) posed by Saddam was more tolerable than the risk of removing him" along with other alleging statements like, "The rehabilitation and reintegration of Saddam Hussein's Iraq is precisely what they(Europe) sought" (pg.44) , and again gives no source for the origin of these beliefs. Strangely, he supports one of his claims by stating in his supra note.20, pg.30, "for that matter, this is also the view commonly found in American textbooks". One might not generally expect to see such puerile purporting evidence in a scholarly analysis of transatlantic relations. Kagan at times jumps back to Athenian times and has injected strong philosophies in his essay. He mentions a number of times how Americans see the world from a Hobbesian perspective while Europeans are followers of Kantinian policies. Kagan seems to have overlooked the fact, that though Hobbes had described the state of nature as that of "all against all", the only reason Hobbes justifies a sovereignty is to ensure peace on earth. Kagan conveniently cites Hobbes (Hobbes theory itself was flawed as later philosophers termed it as `Hobbes Dilemma') to justify American aggression, but no where in Hobbes' theory is aggression justified by the sovereign (Leviathan - Ch.17).     There are some conclusions Kagan draws which seem to be beliefs of an American idealist living in a world where politics is as pure as religion. He concludes that while the US was providing "free security" to Europe after the Cold War, "...America's great power and willingness to assume responsibility for protecting other nations..." (pg.34) has given Europe the opportunity to build up economically. Kagan further asserts his point when he says, "Given America's willingness to spend so much money protecting them, Europeans would rather spend their own money on social welfare programs, long vacations and shorter workweeks" (pg.54). These are inaccurate presentations of facts, which are more of subjective, bias ideologies. I would like to put forth two points in order to accentuate the conspicuous fallacy of these two statements. First, America's interest in Europe was not to provide it with security whether before or after the Cold War. One must not confuse the fact that measures taken to restrict the Soviet advance was purely for selfish motives, rather than for the benefit of nations which were under the watchful eye of the communist empire (Kagan himself acknowledges the fact when he says, "With the check of the Soviet power removed, the United States was free to intervene practically whenever and wherever it chose..."(pg26)). Second, when Kagan acknowledges that Europe which has a "$9 trillion " economy is in a comfortable position to support its welfare programs along with increased military spending; attributing the fact that Europe spends more on welfare, as he calls them "free-riders", results in a faulty analysis.    There are some conclusions Kagan draws which seem to be beliefs of an American idealist living in a world where politics is as pure as religion. He concludes that while the US was providing "free security" to Europe after the Cold War, "...America's great power and willingness to assume responsibility for protecting other nations..." (pg.34) has given Europe the opportunity to build up economically. Kagan further asserts his point when he says, "Given America's willingness to spend so much money protecting them, Europeans would rather spend their own money on social welfare programs, long vacations and shorter workweeks" (pg.54). These are inaccurate presentations of facts, which are more of subjective, bias ideologies. I would like to put forth two points in order to accentuate the conspicuous fallacy of these two statements. First, America's interest in Europe was not to provide it with security whether before or after the Cold War. One must not confuse the fact that measures taken to restrict the Soviet advance was purely for selfish motives, rather than for the benefit of nations which were under the watchful eye of the communist empire (Kagan himself acknowledges the fact when he says, "With the check of the Soviet power removed, the United States was free to intervene practically whenever and wherever it chose..."(pg26)). Second, when Kagan acknowledges that Europe which has a "$9 trillion " economy is in a comfortable position to support its welfare programs along with increased military spending; attributing the fact that Europe spends more on welfare, as he calls them "free-riders", results in a faulty analysis.When I had mentioned earlier that Kagan chose to omit and ignore certain facts, the example of the Balkans, which the author has cited many times in his book would seem most relevant. Kosovo is one of the primary issues he discusses to bring forth US benevolence and European incapacity. "American involvement in Kosovo or Bosnia was not based on calculations of a narrow American `national interest'...While Americans had a compelling moral interest in stopping genocide and ethnic cleansing,... the US had no `national interest' at stake in the Balkans"(pg.50), this is how Kagan sees it. Indeed stopping genocide was a concern, but was it the only concern? While Milosevic had very much agreed to station NATO troops in Kosovo to stop the conflicts, none seem to have been interested in his offer; they rather wanted complete access and control to all of Yugoslavia. The Rambouillet Accord, to which the Contact Group added an Appendix B on the last day of the conference held at Paris, one must note was the primary reason for rejecting NATO troops, as it demanded Yugoslavia to surrender its autonomy and sovereignty. Yet, he does not mention of Milosevic agreeing to station NATO troops in Kosovo (http://wsws.org *5).     Some thing missing from Kagan's entire book are the words "Latin America" and "Africa". As seen above, Kagan believes America was spending its money protecting Europe and Europe alone from all the threats around the world, before and after the Cold War. But what baffles me to quite an extent is that not once does Kagan mention about any American intervention in Latin America (official or not), Africa or the Far East for that matter. Those who are well aware of the world around them, will be aware of America's support for dictators and other corrupt regimes throughout Latin America and the far East, Indonesia for example, which were for self serving purposes alone or is it that the author is implying that the Latin American and African countries were a threat to Europe, hence the interventions and no mention of them? (A complete timeline by Steven Kangas can be found on multiple sites *6, 7, 8)     Some thing missing from Kagan's entire book are the words "Latin America" and "Africa". As seen above, Kagan believes America was spending its money protecting Europe and Europe alone from all the threats around the world, before and after the Cold War. But what baffles me to quite an extent is that not once does Kagan mention about any American intervention in Latin America (official or not), Africa or the Far East for that matter. Those who are well aware of the world around them, will be aware of America's support for dictators and other corrupt regimes throughout Latin America and the far East, Indonesia for example, which were for self serving purposes alone or is it that the author is implying that the Latin American and African countries were a threat to Europe, hence the interventions and no mention of them? (A complete timeline by Steven Kangas can be found on multiple sites *6, 7, 8)     There is one severe `defect', as I put it, which undermines the entire argument of this book. Kagan's tunneled vision approach, which refers to the word `power' only in terms of military strength and capabilities, ultimately results in a false dichotomy, which is the stumbling stone for his thesis. Kagan believes the world and in particular, Europe, is left with two options, that either they follow the US or be a tacit audience. The reason he reaches this conclusion as I previously put it, is due to his convergent view. "Rather than viewing the US as a Gulliver tied down by Lilliputian threads", says Kagan, "American leaders should realize that they are hardly constrained at all, that Europe is not really capable of constraining the US". He reinforces this claim throughout his book (see pg- 33, 37-40, 59, 62, etc). The author's abysmal ignorance about hard-hitting, highly valid and relevant facts has rendered severe blows to the validity of his claims. Kagan has committed serious errors here, by ignoring Europe's strength, not military but political and economical indeed. With a population of 456,953,258 (the CIA Fact Book *9) and still growing, the EU, leave aside Europe, cannot be simply overlooked or brushed aside as a dead competitor or a bygone culture. Europe is economically strong enough to trouble the US as and when it wants to, the recent problems over the genetically altered meat, banana dispute, steel industry debacle, Airbus-Boeing clash and many more, have all proved that Europe's economic strength is much of a concern for the US.  While I must point out a rank deletion, I believe this is `the' single factor which is capable for arguing against all of Kagan's thesis and arguments, and that is the American Economy. Not once has he mentioned the deteriorating state of American economy (2001), even though problems did exist when he wrote this book. He seems to be blissfully ignorant and persists that America can sustain its exorbitant defense spending, "...the US can sustain its current military spending levels and its current global dominance far into the future". Strangely, the growing inflation rate, rising unemployment, stagflation, trends the economy was showing of heading towards a recession, were I believe dismissed as myths by the author (for statistics see - www.bbcnews.com; http://wsws.org *10, 11). Also, Kagan's final solution suggest that, "The obvious answer is that Europe should.... and build up its military, even if only marginally", leaves me with a conundrum. Is Kagan implicating that Europe has no military at all or is it that he wants to begin a new arms race, this time Cold War II? Kagan must understand he is writing this book for international publics and not simply those, whose ideologies are in tandem with his. Hence, I doubt most would disagree that the world should get into an arms race here, as we all know, there is no stopping to this evil if it once starts.    There is one severe `defect', as I put it, which undermines the entire argument of this book. Kagan's tunneled vision approach, which refers to the word `power' only in terms of military strength and capabilities, ultimately results in a false dichotomy, which is the stumbling stone for his thesis. Kagan believes the world and in particular, Europe, is left with two options, that either they follow the US or be a tacit audience. The reason he reaches this conclusion as I previously put it, is due to his convergent view. "Rather than viewing the US as a Gulliver tied down by Lilliputian threads", says Kagan, "American leaders should realize that they are hardly constrained at all, that Europe is not really capable of constraining the US". He reinforces this claim throughout his book (see pg- 33, 37-40, 59, 62, etc). The author's abysmal ignorance about hard-hitting, highly valid and relevant facts has rendered severe blows to the validity of his claims. Kagan has committed serious errors here, by ignoring Europe's strength, not military but political and economical indeed. With a population of 456,953,258 (the CIA Fact Book *9) and still growing, the EU, leave aside Europe, cannot be simply overlooked or brushed aside as a dead competitor or a bygone culture. Europe is economically strong enough to trouble the US as and when it wants to, the recent problems over the genetically altered meat, banana dispute, steel industry debacle, Airbus-Boeing clash and many more, have all proved that Europe's economic strength is much of a concern for the US.  While I must point out a rank deletion, I believe this is `the' single factor which is capable for arguing against all of Kagan's thesis and arguments, and that is the American Economy. Not once has he mentioned the deteriorating state of American economy (2001), even though problems did exist when he wrote this book. He seems to be blissfully ignorant and persists that America can sustain its exorbitant defense spending, "...the US can sustain its current military spending levels and its current global dominance far into the future". Strangely, the growing inflation rate, rising unemployment, stagflation, trends the economy was showing of heading towards a recession, were I believe dismissed as myths by the author (for statistics see - www.bbcnews.com; http://wsws.org *10, 11). Also, Kagan's final solution suggest that, "The obvious answer is that Europe should.... and build up its military, even if only marginally", leaves me with a conundrum. Is Kagan implicating that Europe has no military at all or is it that he wants to begin a new arms race, this time Cold War II? Kagan must understand he is writing this book for international publics and not simply those, whose ideologies are in tandem with his. Hence, I doubt most would disagree that the world should get into an arms race here, as we all know, there is no stopping to this evil if it once starts.While I have already discussed the effects of trade and economics (which Kagan ignores) on the US-Europe relation, there is something I must point out before I end this review. Kagan, rather conveniently digresses of the topic, which is transatlantic relationships, to justifying US hegemony in a neo-conservative fashion. While most Americans themselves would probably not agree with Kagan's ideology (as the public opinion and faith plummets - see polls from various news sources *12), leave aside Europeans or rest of the world, Kagan writes almost 15 pages to justify it. This was a rather disappointing conclusion to his book, where he thinks the only solution to the ever widening divide is "Adjusting to Hegemony". When Kagan says how many (statistics seem to abandon him) Americans believe that by advancing their interest, they advance the interest of humanity, he sounds exuberantly jingoistic and to drive the point home, he quotes Benjamin Franklin as saying - "America's cause is the cause of all mankind" and again I must bring to the author's notice, the recipient of these remarks is an international audience, which is diverse, has its own culture and heritage, religious beliefs and ideologies and has no reason to believe why their culture or beliefs are inferior to any other.  An author of his stature must realize that it is transatlantic relationships and not a primary grade bully that is being discussed. While he seems to take pride in saying that America has a "go it alone" attitude (pg.39, 99), it does not abide by the UN Security Council (pg.40, 99), takes action unilaterally irrespective of international laws (pg.45, 61, 99), is justified in adopting `double standards' (pg.62, 99), he fails to fathom the gravity of the current day (or rather the day when he wrote this book) situation and the growing unpopularity of American foreign policy around the world. While he sees Europe as an obstacle in the path of America's imperialistic goals, a neutral observer would be more than justified in pointing out that may be it is the US that hinders progress and efforts of the EU to establish a world which respects international laws, human rights, collective public opinion and most of all - peace. He fails to give an impartial, if not a complete solution to rid the world of this wedge as he weakly concludes his essay by saying, "...a little common understanding can still go a long way". While many have nothing but words of praise, as a one line summary by Francis Fukuyama calls it - "Brilliant" (a co-architect and signatory of the Rebuilding America's Defense Project) and according to Dr. Henry Kissinger, [against whom innumerable charges of human right violations have been levied, who ironically, Kagan terms as a "quintessential realist". See - http://en.wikipedia.org(for cases) *13; http://www.thenation.com(for list of crimes) *14] the book is a "seminal treatise" which would "shape the (US-Europe relation) discussion for years to come"; I do not particularly endorse it it. As I have already put forth immense supportive data to show why the book lacks a concrete argument, sane reasoning or supportive evidence, though its lucid prose, easy comprehension and its articulate linking makes it a good read, it barely digs deep into the problem or the solution, apart from scratching the surface, `the military surface'. Indeed the book did create waves in the political arena, which was probably due to its impeccable timing, but I cast serious doubts on the claims that it would be "discussed for years to come".   *1   - http://www.newamericancentury.org/RebuildingAmericasDefenses.pdf*2   - http://www.climnet.org/news/march2001.html*3   - http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/1383385.stm*4   - http://212.58.226.30/1/hi/business/2052405.stm*5   - http://www.wsws.org/articles/1999/apr1999/yugo-a14.shtml*6   - http://www.atrocities.net/ *7   - home.att.net/~Resurgence/CIAtimeline.html *8   - www.serendipity.li/cia/cia_time.htm	*9   - http://www.cia.gov/cia/publications/factbook/geos/ee.html*10 - http://www.wsws.org/articles/2000/dec2000/us-d30.shtml*11 - http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/1263211.stm*12 - http://www.michaelmoore.com/words/index.php*13 - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_Kissinger*14 - http://www.thenation.com/blogs/capitalgames?bid=3&pid=17
 I suppose every author in this genre comes to the table with an agenda.  That being said, in this book, Mr. DiLorenzo seems to play fast and loose with the facts (or at least with his conclusions).I suppose every author in this genre comes to the table with an agenda.  That being said, in this book, Mr. DiLorenzo seems to play fast and loose with the facts (or at least with his conclusions).The flyleaf of this book promises "extensive research and meticulous documentation" but at least one other reviewer has already pointed out some problems with this author's historical research.  That should raise a red flag to anyone reading this book. The flyleaf of this book promises "extensive research and meticulous documentation" but at least one other reviewer has already pointed out some problems with this author's historical research.  That should raise a red flag to anyone reading this book. Consider this:  The author claims Lincoln was more interested in building an American "empire" by centralizing Federal power than ending slavery.  This implies Lincoln was premeditated in what he would do as President.  I challenge anyone who believes that to read Lincoln's actual words and, more importantly, examine his actions.Consider this:  The author claims Lincoln was more interested in building an American "empire" by centralizing Federal power than ending slavery.  This implies Lincoln was premeditated in what he would do as President.  I challenge anyone who believes that to read Lincoln's actual words and, more importantly, examine his actions.This we know:  Abraham Lincoln was a complicated man and, as a thoughtful person, his views on slavery changed during his many years in public life.  He came to believe that slavery would not die out on its own.This we know:  Abraham Lincoln was a complicated man and, as a thoughtful person, his views on slavery changed during his many years in public life.  He came to believe that slavery would not die out on its own.I do recommend purchasing and reading this book since it is so different from the mythical view we have of Lincoln today.  However, when it comes to some of the "facts" and conclusions expounded in this book be very careful what you believe
 Yuk!!! Worst Book I've ever read - I read alot and with alot of variety. This book stinks (too farfetched, retched, disgusting and plain weird).Yuk!!! Worst Book I've ever read - I read alot and with alot of variety. This book stinks (too farfetched, retched, disgusting and plain weird).
 The book is brilliant, no question about it. His stories are great, his humor dry and culturally insightful. The problem is that, like all audio books, the voice of the narrator can make or break the experience. And in this case, unfortunately, the voice of the author fails the material.The book is brilliant, no question about it. His stories are great, his humor dry and culturally insightful. The problem is that, like all audio books, the voice of the narrator can make or break the experience. And in this case, unfortunately, the voice of the author fails the material.Sorry, Bill, but your voice is just too droning and monotonous for an audio book. It's hard to get past the first few discs as his voice tends to lull you to sleep. I wouldn't recommend this audio book for listening while driving or in traffic (as I did, and almost got into an accident).Sorry, Bill, but your voice is just too droning and monotonous for an audio book. It's hard to get past the first few discs as his voice tends to lull you to sleep. I wouldn't recommend this audio book for listening while driving or in traffic (as I did, and almost got into an accident).If you want this book, get the paperback
 Dr. Gray must be a wonderful lover.  As a woman I read his hints and suggestions for a man's love making technique and marvel at his insight.  I truly could not have imagined a man so aware of what a woman really wants in the bedroom.   However there are no corresponding ideas for a woman geared to improviing her skills as a lover.  By maintaining a position of gallant "ladies first" mentality he, in truth, is demeaning the power of women's sexuality.Dr. Gray must be a wonderful lover.  As a woman I read his hints and suggestions for a man's love making technique and marvel at his insight.  I truly could not have imagined a man so aware of what a woman really wants in the bedroom.   However there are no corresponding ideas for a woman geared to improviing her skills as a lover.  By maintaining a position of gallant "ladies first" mentality he, in truth, is demeaning the power of women's sexuality.There is much to be gained by men reading this book.  Attitudes can improve, skill levels can rise and even the articulation of loving feelings can be created and/or grow with the help of this book's suggestions. Women are unfortunately reduced to being receipients of, not participants in, in bedroom activity
 My 60s something father gave me this book. I am a 45-year-old middle-class man with a 6-year-old son using my wife's account. I don't understand for whom this book is written. It is full of painfully obvious advice such as "Don't play with your food" or "Do not throw golf clubs... in anger." Anyone raised in America (presuming that is the author's intended audience) who doesn't already understand these things and take them to heart isn't going to be interested in reading about them in a book, if they can even read. Chapter 15 deals with Staring and differences where the author admonishes: "Do not repeat racist, sexist or ethnic jokes or tolerate them in your presence." If you were not a racist you would obviously already understand and agree with this. If you are, this book isn't going to change your attitude and you would probably want to burn it. I found this book useless for any reasonably sophisticated person unless you happen to be from a third world country or another planet. If the book was intended to teach good manners to the unsophisticated, dream on! I think the author has a Professor Henry Higgins Jones. I am also concerned about my father's opinion of me, I mean "Do not expect a child to endure a lengthy shopping trip unless it is to a toy or candy store." Duh
 The publishers should be sued. Maybe we should get a class-action together.The publishers should be sued. Maybe we should get a class-action together.Imagine taking an instruction manual for the very first Apple computer and putting a new title on it "How to use your new home computer" and selling it in bookstores today. This book is doing EXACTLY that!Imagine taking an instruction manual for the very first Apple computer and putting a new title on it "How to use your new home computer" and selling it in bookstores today. This book is doing EXACTLY that!Also, it is highly doubtful that the tactic ever worked in the first place. The author's website vanished years ago. In a thinly traded NYSE stock if you try to repeatedly front the specialist with 2000 share orders he will simply move the price 50 cents against you immediately following your next purchase. Game over.Also, it is highly doubtful that the tactic ever worked in the first place. The author's website vanished years ago. In a thinly traded NYSE stock if you try to repeatedly front the specialist with 2000 share orders he will simply move the price 50 cents against you immediately following your next purchase. Game over.[...
 I concur with another reviewer: get Luigi Gambero's "Mary and the Fathers of the Church," and, I might add, his follow-up work, "Mary in the Middle Ages."  Read these two books alongside "Truly Our Sister. . .," then decide whether 15 or 16 centuries of organic, historically contiguous development of the Church's Marian doctrine by some of the finest minds and hearts the Church has ever produced--including Bridget of Sweden, or Johnson's glib, 21st century, feminist revisionism provides the better spiritual nourishment.  I concur with another reviewer: get Luigi Gambero's "Mary and the Fathers of the Church," and, I might add, his follow-up work, "Mary in the Middle Ages."  Read these two books alongside "Truly Our Sister. . .," then decide whether 15 or 16 centuries of organic, historically contiguous development of the Church's Marian doctrine by some of the finest minds and hearts the Church has ever produced--including Bridget of Sweden, or Johnson's glib, 21st century, feminist revisionism provides the better spiritual nourishment.  The Blessed Virgin Mary stirs us to properly love her divine Son, bringing us into the intimate recesses of the Trinitarian love itself!  Anything shy of that simply misses the point and leaves one painfully short-changed.       
 I had high hopes when I picked up this book because Styron is a terrific writer and I was interested in the subject. By the time I was done I nearly threw it across the room. Admittedly, Depression makes for a tough topic, but that's not good enough.I had high hopes when I picked up this book because Styron is a terrific writer and I was interested in the subject. By the time I was done I nearly threw it across the room. Admittedly, Depression makes for a tough topic, but that's not good enough.There's more to Depression than staring at an empty page, unable to muster the courage to write one single word. The dark places of the soul also have their fires, their drama, even if they are played out in secret. There's more to Depression than staring at an empty page, unable to muster the courage to write one single word. The dark places of the soul also have their fires, their drama, even if they are played out in secret. I will grant that the writing is spare and elegant, as you would expect. But I would have traded all the insider literati name-dropping for one paragraph that gave me a visceral sense of how he felt, something that put me there with him. I have read instruction manuals for appliances with more passion and conviction. I will grant that the writing is spare and elegant, as you would expect. But I would have traded all the insider literati name-dropping for one paragraph that gave me a visceral sense of how he felt, something that put me there with him. I have read instruction manuals for appliances with more passion and conviction. Styron is candid about his descent into alcoholism, but the self-destruction inherent in alcoholism does not imply the elimination of ego, frequently it heralds the triumph of ego. In Darkness Visible, Styron maintains egomaniacal control of his subject through aloof detachment, showcasing a carefully polished veneer, never inviting the reader in.
 As someone very interested in urban exploration (especially in the subways) I wanted to check this book out upon hearing of it. After reading many of these Amazon reviews though, I opted out of a purchase, and took it out of my Bronx library instead. Thank goodness as I only wasted valuable time, and not any money.As someone very interested in urban exploration (especially in the subways) I wanted to check this book out upon hearing of it. After reading many of these Amazon reviews though, I opted out of a purchase, and took it out of my Bronx library instead. Thank goodness as I only wasted valuable time, and not any money.This book is a sham. It is obviously mostly fiction. And it's boring fiction at that. The book is divided into chapters, each chapter a new "adventure." This book is a sham. It is obviously mostly fiction. And it's boring fiction at that. The book is divided into chapters, each chapter a new "adventure." I read the subway one first, where the "explorers" take the 6 train around the loop at the end of the line, to see the City Hall Station, which opened in 1904 (NYC's first station) and closed in 1948. The station is located on the loop of the 6 train, that makes the southbound trains go back up north after the last stop, Brooklyn Bridge. First of all, anyone can go on this "adventure." Just stay on the train at the last stop, Brooklyn Bridge, and that's it. Despite the author's attempt to make this sound risky, no conductors walk through the train to see if anyone is on (like they really care), just sit down. The author created some "European tourists" that inadvertantly stayed on the 6 after the last stop, and the author even tries to create some mystery by saying "are we on the wrong train?" Well, unless all those huge "6" signs that are lit all over the train are difficult to read, then you probably got on the correct train. The author also fails to mention that the MTA used to give public tours all the time through this station (and others like the 18th street on the 6 and more) but stopped after 9-11. This chapter was a joke.I read the subway one first, where the "explorers" take the 6 train around the loop at the end of the line, to see the City Hall Station, which opened in 1904 (NYC's first station) and closed in 1948. The station is located on the loop of the 6 train, that makes the southbound trains go back up north after the last stop, Brooklyn Bridge. First of all, anyone can go on this "adventure." Just stay on the train at the last stop, Brooklyn Bridge, and that's it. Despite the author's attempt to make this sound risky, no conductors walk through the train to see if anyone is on (like they really care), just sit down. The author created some "European tourists" that inadvertantly stayed on the 6 after the last stop, and the author even tries to create some mystery by saying "are we on the wrong train?" Well, unless all those huge "6" signs that are lit all over the train are difficult to read, then you probably got on the correct train. The author also fails to mention that the MTA used to give public tours all the time through this station (and others like the 18th street on the 6 and more) but stopped after 9-11. This chapter was a joke.I started reading the other chapters, and saw they were no better. I then started to breeze through the book. One thing that is very obvious - no photographs of the adventures are in the book at all. This, despite the fact that on page 67 the author states, "Josh takes out his camera and snaps away at every pipe and puddle..."  But no photos of their "adventures" are in the book. Why? Because it's fiction. I started reading the other chapters, and saw they were no better. I then started to breeze through the book. One thing that is very obvious - no photographs of the adventures are in the book at all. This, despite the fact that on page 67 the author states, "Josh takes out his camera and snaps away at every pipe and puddle..."  But no photos of their "adventures" are in the book. Why? Because it's fiction. There are photos of what they are supposed to be exploring, sure, that's easy. There's even one pic of one of these clowns hopping some fence somewhere, ooo. Buit no pics of the actual "adventures." I guess "Josh" lost all those pictures when he went to CVS to have them developed.There are photos of what they are supposed to be exploring, sure, that's easy. There's even one pic of one of these clowns hopping some fence somewhere, ooo. Buit no pics of the actual "adventures." I guess "Josh" lost all those pictures when he went to CVS to have them developed.The funny thing is, you can save yourself a lot of time by just going online and viewing pictures of these things for yourself. Especially the City Hall station, there are tons of pictures of it available from the people that were in there during the tours.The funny thing is, you can save yourself a lot of time by just going online and viewing pictures of these things for yourself. Especially the City Hall station, there are tons of pictures of it available from the people that were in there during the tours.Just stay away from this sham of a book, it's really a huge waste of time
 Sue Grafton has written many good books but this one is weak, weak, weak. Try 'A is for Alibi' or 'J is for Judgement'. They show off Grafton's writing talents much better
 Not that I don't like Shakespeare's works, but his tragedies are terrible, especially this one. I can't understand the language real well, so I have to grab one with the contemporary language so that it'll be easier to understand. I just can't understand this love tragedy at all! Here are some things that confuse me:Not that I don't like Shakespeare's works, but his tragedies are terrible, especially this one. I can't understand the language real well, so I have to grab one with the contemporary language so that it'll be easier to understand. I just can't understand this love tragedy at all! Here are some things that confuse me:*How did this feud really begin?*Why can't this story end in happily ever after?*Why does Lady Capulet have to be so stuck up on everybody?*Why couldn't Shakespeare have written in a language we could all understand?*Why does everybody have to jump to conclusions?*Why does everybody have to jump to conclusions?I simply can't understand why people love this play so much. It's ridiculous! If you want a true love story, try reading "A Midsummer Night's Dream". This one absolutely SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I wanted to cry when I put this book down because I miss the Danielle Steele that wrote 'Thurston House', 'Family Circle' and others.  For years now I have felt that she is simply putting out books because she is contractually obligated to by her publishers.  I really feel like her heart just isn't in it anymore.  She has become very idiosyncratic and predictable.  Every book has her main character 'being honest.' I keep reading because I am a loyal Danielle Steele fan and I write this in hopes she'll read it and either decide she is writing because she loves it (like she once did) or decide to retire and let us love her through her earlier works.  This book was just awful. 
 I received this book as a gift.  I was skeptical upon reading the praise for the book on the back cover from such political wonks as Bob Novak and Sean Hannity.  Haven't any well respected catholic theologians or scholars approved of this book?  No.  And with good reason.  It's not a history book, it's a poorly researched piece of garbage designed to bilk "the faithful" out of their hard-earned dollars.I received this book as a gift.  I was skeptical upon reading the praise for the book on the back cover from such political wonks as Bob Novak and Sean Hannity.  Haven't any well respected catholic theologians or scholars approved of this book?  No.  And with good reason.  It's not a history book, it's a poorly researched piece of garbage designed to bilk "the faithful" out of their hard-earned dollars.I did read several chapters of the book to be fair.  When Crocker describes the Papal forces during the Albigensian crusade as "soldiers of God, overcoming all the odds to destroy the wicked oppression challenging the authority of the church."  I wanted to puke.  And how about the Inquisition, where Church authorities sanctioned physical torture against "heretics?"  Well, Crocker concedes that torturing someone might stray a little bit from Christ's original message of tolerance... but hey, they threatened the authority of the righteous Catholic church, so they got what they deserved.  Uh, yeah, amen brother.  I did read several chapters of the book to be fair.  When Crocker describes the Papal forces during the Albigensian crusade as "soldiers of God, overcoming all the odds to destroy the wicked oppression challenging the authority of the church."  I wanted to puke.  And how about the Inquisition, where Church authorities sanctioned physical torture against "heretics?"  Well, Crocker concedes that torturing someone might stray a little bit from Christ's original message of tolerance... but hey, they threatened the authority of the righteous Catholic church, so they got what they deserved.  Uh, yeah, amen brother.  These considerations aside, the book isn't even well researched, which immediately destroys its credibility with me.  For example from the Albigensian crusade, Crocker states that the armies of the heretics numbered over 100,000, yet with only a few thousand men, the Pope was able to defeat them, as they were filled with the "glory of god" or something like that.  Curiously, in his footnotes he cites nothing to back this claim up.  Maybe because it isn't true.  And any cites to books that have been critical of church policy, like, say, endorsing Mussolini, are derided as "unresearched," "politically motivated" and "shameful"These considerations aside, the book isn't even well researched, which immediately destroys its credibility with me.  For example from the Albigensian crusade, Crocker states that the armies of the heretics numbered over 100,000, yet with only a few thousand men, the Pope was able to defeat them, as they were filled with the "glory of god" or something like that.  Curiously, in his footnotes he cites nothing to back this claim up.  Maybe because it isn't true.  And any cites to books that have been critical of church policy, like, say, endorsing Mussolini, are derided as "unresearched," "politically motivated" and "shameful"Ironically, that's exactly what "Triumph" is to me
 Yet another offering from the Kinkade art product assembly line. Pass on this -- Read real books and buy real art instead
 This is a well written but ultimately sophomoric disquisition on the concept that if you don't have faith in the supernatural, you have no reason for hope. This is a well written but ultimately sophomoric disquisition on the concept that if you don't have faith in the supernatural, you have no reason for hope. According to this book, the rational world is such an unpleasant place that, if you are not religious as Schaeffer defines religious, "[t]he only way of escape lies in a nonrational fantasy world of experience, drugs, absurdity, pornography, an elusive "final experience," madness... ."According to this book, the rational world is such an unpleasant place that, if you are not religious as Schaeffer defines religious, "[t]he only way of escape lies in a nonrational fantasy world of experience, drugs, absurdity, pornography, an elusive "final experience," madness... ."Piffle! Piffle! Throughout history, a great many people found life to be good without resorting to either madness or Schaeffer's brand of religion. And indeed, religion and rationality need not be foes, as frequently demonstrated by scientists and science writers, such as Isaac Asimov and Stephen Jay Gould. Reduces our choices to "religion or madness" is just silly.Throughout history, a great many people found life to be good without resorting to either madness or Schaeffer's brand of religion. And indeed, religion and rationality need not be foes, as frequently demonstrated by scientists and science writers, such as Isaac Asimov and Stephen Jay Gould. Reduces our choices to "religion or madness" is just silly.Schaeffer in this book champions not religion or spirituality, but authoritarianism with a clerical face. His fans won't like that characterization, but my job as a reviewer is to tell you what's in the book; if you seek comfort in authoritarian religion, this book's skillful wordcraft makes it is a good place to start
 As a Certified Information Systems Security Professional, I can definitively state that this book does not cover everything that needs to be covered or in any depth whatsoever. I got this book based on the glowing reviews I found here, and I'm at a loss as to why these reviews would have recommended it.As a Certified Information Systems Security Professional, I can definitively state that this book does not cover everything that needs to be covered or in any depth whatsoever. I got this book based on the glowing reviews I found here, and I'm at a loss as to why these reviews would have recommended it.The most aggrevating part about this book is the subtitle "An Integrated Approach to Security in the Organization." The book not only lacks effective security integration techniques, it doesn't seem to address the entire organization where it tries its half-hearted integration.
 Like many others in my book group, I had been looking forward to finally reading something by Pamuk. And like most of my book group, I was fairly disappointed by this short early novel from him. Originally published in Turkey in 1985, the story is prefaced by an introduction in which one Faruk Darvinoglu purports to have discovered the manuscript in a dusty archive. He then goes on to explain that parts of the story can be historically corroborated, but much of it can't. This should immediately alert the reader not to take everything in the book as it comes. Even more so if the reader knows that Darvinoglu is the protagonist of Pamuk's earlier book The House of Silence. Such intertextual tricks immediately bring to mind the works of Calvino, Borges, and their ilk.Like many others in my book group, I had been looking forward to finally reading something by Pamuk. And like most of my book group, I was fairly disappointed by this short early novel from him. Originally published in Turkey in 1985, the story is prefaced by an introduction in which one Faruk Darvinoglu purports to have discovered the manuscript in a dusty archive. He then goes on to explain that parts of the story can be historically corroborated, but much of it can't. This should immediately alert the reader not to take everything in the book as it comes. Even more so if the reader knows that Darvinoglu is the protagonist of Pamuk's earlier book The House of Silence. Such intertextual tricks immediately bring to mind the works of Calvino, Borges, and their ilk.The basic plot is very straightforward: in the mid 17th-century, a young Venetian gentleman is captured by Turkish raiders and sold into slavery to an aspiring Turkish scholar who happens to look just like him. The two men then spend the next few decades cloistered together, engaged in various psuedo-intellectual investigations of astronomy, biology, engineering, and so on. These bring them to the attention of the Sultan (based on Mehmet IV), whose patronage waxes and wanes, culminating in a lengthy attempt to construct a powerful war machine. Along the way, their claustrophobic relationship swings back and forth, and is interrupted by an outbreak of the plague, whose outcome they are tasked with predicting. The book concludes with a brief section which will challenge the reader's assumptions and calls into question everything that comes before it. Namely, are there two characters or are they just manifestations of two aspects of a single person?The basic plot is very straightforward: in the mid 17th-century, a young Venetian gentleman is captured by Turkish raiders and sold into slavery to an aspiring Turkish scholar who happens to look just like him. The two men then spend the next few decades cloistered together, engaged in various psuedo-intellectual investigations of astronomy, biology, engineering, and so on. These bring them to the attention of the Sultan (based on Mehmet IV), whose patronage waxes and wanes, culminating in a lengthy attempt to construct a powerful war machine. Along the way, their claustrophobic relationship swings back and forth, and is interrupted by an outbreak of the plague, whose outcome they are tasked with predicting. The book concludes with a brief section which will challenge the reader's assumptions and calls into question everything that comes before it. Namely, are there two characters or are they just manifestations of two aspects of a single person?This all unfolds at a glacial pace, and the two "characters" are mere ciphers. Their clashing of wills and ideas take up page after page, but the reader is always told about the conflict rather than shown it, and this makes for disengaging reading. Pamuk seems much less interested in storytelling or characters than in grand themes such as the nature of identity, the collision of cultures, and the very nature of reality. But none of these are addressed in a way that is particularly fresh or interesting. The tension between East and West is handled in a fairly superficial manner, as the Turkish master is obsessed with Western advances in science and technology, while the Sultan has a credulous appetite for tall tales and soothsayers. This all comes across as a rather ambivalent satire of the fluidity of Turkish national character. In the end, this is not a particularly good introduction to major modern writer whom many have compared to Eco, Calvino, Borges, Kafka, and Kundera. However, readers who enjoy highly ambiguous works about self-identity with unreliable narrators may find this a satisfying read
 Sorry, but I found this book a total waste of time. I never did like the main character - I found HER boring! I laughed out loud when I read another reviewer say that "this person escaped her life to be a secretary?" - good point! It was just so unbelievable a woman would leave her children without any thought really - and to continue this "new" life without really taking time to search her soul. Instead she befriends even more boring people than herself.As far as the ending of the book goes - I couldn't have cared less what happened to her anyway! After reading it (book on tape) I felt I had totally wasted my time. What a disappointment
 The author comes off as a whining, unhappy camper about having to grow up in what he considers a 'stifling' church environment; further apalled by the Church Founder's belief, in that it (the Worlwide Church Of God) was God's True Church through the ages, right on up to the present 'end time'. Feazell spends a good amount of time giving his negative opinions on Herbert W. Armstrong,the Church's actual teachings, and a general trashing and somewhat of a misreprentation of the general denomination as a whole, labeling it a 'cult'...and further damning its Pastor General as a "heretic", despite the Church's humanitarian works, publishing, Colleges and international outreach for world peace over the past seven decades under the leadership of H.W. Armstrong. Since Armstrong's death in 1986, Feazell and his cohort Joseph Tkach Jr. seem to be having a field day jumping up and down on his remains, and writing books on how great it feels to be loosed from having to keep the apostolic Holy Days, sabbaths, ten commandments (which, in his estimation are now the 'ten suggestions') and general lifestyle of this 7th Day Church Of God denomination. Mr. Feazell apparently does not speak for all the Church membership, as over 100,000 members left and formed various smaller independent Church Of God conferences throughout the United States...and continuing the legacy and apostolic, traditional Christian system of worship restored by Herbert W. Armstrong in 1927.Recommended reading: "Autobiography of Herbert W. Armstrong"; "Mystery Of The Ages"; "The Incredible Human Potential"
 This is yet another book where anyone who passed a high school bio class will know is crap. [...] he seems to have found a devoted crew of morons who believe that he really can cure all.   If you ever go to one of their conventions, you'll know that its AMWAY for stupid soccer moms with allergic kids. 
 John Katzenbach is an accomplished author and I had previously read and enjoyed another of his novels (The Analyst), so I was surprised at how bad The Shadow Man was.  The premise of the plot is that four very old Jewish people, survivors of the Holecaust, believe they have seen the "Shadow Man".  The Shadow Man was a Jew who joined forces with the Nazis to find Jews that were hiding to avoid certain doom in concentration camps.  These four old people feared the Shadow Man more than anything.  When one of them is killed, a retired police detective named Simon Winter looks into who the Shadow Man is.  Meanwhile, the Miami police are also investigating the death of the elderly Jewish woman and have young gangster as a suspect.John Katzenbach is an accomplished author and I had previously read and enjoyed another of his novels (The Analyst), so I was surprised at how bad The Shadow Man was.  The premise of the plot is that four very old Jewish people, survivors of the Holecaust, believe they have seen the "Shadow Man".  The Shadow Man was a Jew who joined forces with the Nazis to find Jews that were hiding to avoid certain doom in concentration camps.  These four old people feared the Shadow Man more than anything.  When one of them is killed, a retired police detective named Simon Winter looks into who the Shadow Man is.  Meanwhile, the Miami police are also investigating the death of the elderly Jewish woman and have young gangster as a suspect.Eventually, Winter and the police and the District Attourney join to hunt the Shadow Man, a man of pure evil.  As the book villian, it was hard to fear a villian who was a killer 50 years ago but was now in his 70s.  Also, this book barely touches on WWII, yet purports at times to be a novel about WWII.  I've read a lot of great WWII novels, and this book would have been great if it had been set in the 60s.  But setting it present day with senior citizens and the main characters wasn't too exciting.  It wasn't exciting primarily because I wondered where had the Shadow Man been all these years?  Why was he starting to kill now?  The Shadow Man had no motivation to kill.Eventually, Winter and the police and the District Attourney join to hunt the Shadow Man, a man of pure evil.  As the book villian, it was hard to fear a villian who was a killer 50 years ago but was now in his 70s.  Also, this book barely touches on WWII, yet purports at times to be a novel about WWII.  I've read a lot of great WWII novels, and this book would have been great if it had been set in the 60s.  But setting it present day with senior citizens and the main characters wasn't too exciting.  It wasn't exciting primarily because I wondered where had the Shadow Man been all these years?  Why was he starting to kill now?  The Shadow Man had no motivation to kill.Finally, I realized I didn't like this book when I was skipping paragraphs at a time during the last 20 pages.  The entire book was like this with each character prone to long rambling inner thoughts that really added nothing to the story.  If you take away the WWII angle, this novel is bad.  The WWII angle adds some excitement, but there are probably thousands of books out there that relate the horror of WWII better than this one does.Finally, I realized I didn't like this book when I was skipping paragraphs at a time during the last 20 pages.  The entire book was like this with each character prone to long rambling inner thoughts that really added nothing to the story.  If you take away the WWII angle, this novel is bad.  The WWII angle adds some excitement, but there are probably thousands of books out there that relate the horror of WWII better than this one does.The review from Publishers Weekly printed above summarizes my thoughts and deserves to be repeated..."Katzenbach (Just Cause) has some good Holocaust and WWII vignettes and pretty good cop-talk here, but the book is burdened by flat characterization, a slow pace, an odd, unsatisfying ending and a serious need for editing.
 This book was written in 2000 from events occuring in 1998!!!  Totally out of date! Useless!! Wondering why it is still for sale.  The author, contacted by email responded but did not address the questions asked, simply giving excuses and mentioning that he wrote another book much better than this one...  Outrageaous!  Spread the word and if you own the book, get your money back
 I have been a huge fan of the Anna Pigeon mysteries.  The hard truth about Hard Truth is skip it.  It is a very unpleasant experience.I have been a huge fan of the Anna Pigeon mysteries.  The hard truth about Hard Truth is skip it.  It is a very unpleasant experience.The graphic representation of child abuse and cruelty in this book still makes me ill.  The graphic representation of child abuse and cruelty in this book still makes me ill.  What I've loved about the Anna Pigeon series is that I felt like I got a good sense of the national park where the story took place with an appreciation for the natural beauty of the area.  I doubt Anna spent more than a night in Rocky Mountain National Park.  Not only does she completely miss the unique character of the park but the park has no necessary link to the story.  The whole thing could have taken place in urban Chicago.What I've loved about the Anna Pigeon series is that I felt like I got a good sense of the national park where the story took place with an appreciation for the natural beauty of the area.  I doubt Anna spent more than a night in Rocky Mountain National Park.  Not only does she completely miss the unique character of the park but the park has no necessary link to the story.  The whole thing could have taken place in urban Chicago.I have been picking up Nevada Barr books as fast as I could find them.  This book, however, was truely repulsive.  I'll be much more cautious about investing a part of my life in her next book
 Jeremy Narby's The Cosmic Serpent: DNA and the Origins of Knowledge, started out decently enough with Narby reminiscing about his days doing field work in the Amazon Basin and from there he goes over some interesting ideas regarding DNA and Serpent Myths but then all goes down hill as he suddenly becomes a follower of Intelligent Design and makes an all out attack on Darwinian Evolution and Science itself.Jeremy Narby's The Cosmic Serpent: DNA and the Origins of Knowledge, started out decently enough with Narby reminiscing about his days doing field work in the Amazon Basin and from there he goes over some interesting ideas regarding DNA and Serpent Myths but then all goes down hill as he suddenly becomes a follower of Intelligent Design and makes an all out attack on Darwinian Evolution and Science itself.A number of Narby's ideas regarding DNA and Shamanism are intriguing enough but he has apparently decided that all Shamanism is based on Molecular Biology, while he freely admits that he is being very reductionist on this point, I still see many problems with his view that Shamanism is based on Molecular Biology at heart. His argument mostly surrounds the symbol of the Serpent/Dragon which is present in many different mythologies often with connections to water and associations with twins. He decides that this is in actually a representation of DNA as viewed by Shamans and believes that all serpents in mythology and shamanic visions are actually DNA. Since DNA emits photons and this has been shown to possibly play a part in cell communication (along with the traditional chemical communication) Narby believes that in shamanic trances the shaman becomes able to see the light emitted by DNA (which often show up as snakes) and the shaman communicates with the individual bits of DNA (which is conscious) and the entire linked network of DNA based life. As justification for this argument he points out that some groups hold that spirits are beings of pure light, to him this is almost literally correct as the spirits are actually DNA and communicate through light as "spirits".A number of Narby's ideas regarding DNA and Shamanism are intriguing enough but he has apparently decided that all Shamanism is based on Molecular Biology, while he freely admits that he is being very reductionist on this point, I still see many problems with his view that Shamanism is based on Molecular Biology at heart. His argument mostly surrounds the symbol of the Serpent/Dragon which is present in many different mythologies often with connections to water and associations with twins. He decides that this is in actually a representation of DNA as viewed by Shamans and believes that all serpents in mythology and shamanic visions are actually DNA. Since DNA emits photons and this has been shown to possibly play a part in cell communication (along with the traditional chemical communication) Narby believes that in shamanic trances the shaman becomes able to see the light emitted by DNA (which often show up as snakes) and the shaman communicates with the individual bits of DNA (which is conscious) and the entire linked network of DNA based life. As justification for this argument he points out that some groups hold that spirits are beings of pure light, to him this is almost literally correct as the spirits are actually DNA and communicate through light as "spirits".From there he goes on to say that all ladders, staircases, and ropes in shamanic quests are representations of DNA and when the shaman uses them he is travelling along DNA and similarly when the shaman goes to the underworld he is sinking down to the world of Molecular Biology (although since one can apparently work with and see DNA in the middle world one must ask why one would need to shrink down). While these views might make for some interesting theological discussion about some shamanic practices, Narby seems to have ignored the psychological aspects of visions and quests and any elements other than snakes or other things that just happen to be long and thin. Given Narby's view of spirits as DNA one must ask what spiritual helpers/allies are? Is someone's spiritual guides DNA in some bacteria on my hand? Will I kill Yahweh by washing my hands with anti-bacterial soap (hey maybe that's why Jesus decided that washing one's hands was bad!)?From there he goes on to say that all ladders, staircases, and ropes in shamanic quests are representations of DNA and when the shaman uses them he is travelling along DNA and similarly when the shaman goes to the underworld he is sinking down to the world of Molecular Biology (although since one can apparently work with and see DNA in the middle world one must ask why one would need to shrink down). While these views might make for some interesting theological discussion about some shamanic practices, Narby seems to have ignored the psychological aspects of visions and quests and any elements other than snakes or other things that just happen to be long and thin. Given Narby's view of spirits as DNA one must ask what spiritual helpers/allies are? Is someone's spiritual guides DNA in some bacteria on my hand? Will I kill Yahweh by washing my hands with anti-bacterial soap (hey maybe that's why Jesus decided that washing one's hands was bad!)?A lot of his proof is like the proof of Erich von Dniken except that where Dniken saw aliens and spacecraft, Narby sees DNA and Molecules. Take for example this Dniken-esque proof from the book:A lot of his proof is like the proof of Erich von Dniken except that where Dniken saw aliens and spacecraft, Narby sees DNA and Molecules. Take for example this Dniken-esque proof from the book:"The second was a rock painting of the Rainbow Snake. I looked at it more closely and saw two things: All around the serpent there were sorts of chromosomes, in their upside-down "U" shape, and underneath it there was a kind of ladder!" (p. 79)"The second was a rock painting of the Rainbow Snake. I looked at it more closely and saw two things: All around the serpent there were sorts of chromosomes, in their upside-down "U" shape, and underneath it there was a kind of ladder!" (p. 79)By Chapter 10, entitled Biology's Blind Spot, Narby has decided that Evolution is Wrong and all of Science must be toppled. This bit seems to have come out of nowhere like someone spliced a Pro-Intelligent Design rant into a book where it didn't belong and as with all Pro-ID and Creationist literature we get the same old faulty attacks again and again. Attacks such as Evolution being based on a Circular argument because the most fit species survive to spread their genes and therefore are more fit. Yes, that is the definition of fitness, and sometimes the basis of things start as tautologies such as the Theory of Gravity but like Gravity Natural Selection and evolution is justified and testable by looking at it's predictive power. Population genetics and mathematics shows clearly that natural selection is very predictive and has so far not been falsified. Similarly, we can also look at the fossil record in geological strata for evidence of evolutionary change over time.By Chapter 10, entitled Biology's Blind Spot, Narby has decided that Evolution is Wrong and all of Science must be toppled. This bit seems to have come out of nowhere like someone spliced a Pro-Intelligent Design rant into a book where it didn't belong and as with all Pro-ID and Creationist literature we get the same old faulty attacks again and again. Attacks such as Evolution being based on a Circular argument because the most fit species survive to spread their genes and therefore are more fit. Yes, that is the definition of fitness, and sometimes the basis of things start as tautologies such as the Theory of Gravity but like Gravity Natural Selection and evolution is justified and testable by looking at it's predictive power. Population genetics and mathematics shows clearly that natural selection is very predictive and has so far not been falsified. Similarly, we can also look at the fossil record in geological strata for evidence of evolutionary change over time.After that attack Narby then attacks the Central Dogma (Which is how transcription of DNA to proteins works) by misinterpreting what Francis Crick meant. Crick never meant the word Dogma in Central Dogma to be taken in the sense it is used in religion instead he meant it as a joke name for a grand hypothesis that he had at the time little actual experimental evidence for. Narby misinterprets Crick's joke to argue that evolution is apparently Faith based, since this argument has no basis in reality it falls flat immediately.After that attack Narby then attacks the Central Dogma (Which is how transcription of DNA to proteins works) by misinterpreting what Francis Crick meant. Crick never meant the word Dogma in Central Dogma to be taken in the sense it is used in religion instead he meant it as a joke name for a grand hypothesis that he had at the time little actual experimental evidence for. Narby misinterprets Crick's joke to argue that evolution is apparently Faith based, since this argument has no basis in reality it falls flat immediately.He then argues that ants and other animals are fully conscious because they do amazing things that seem to require forethought and they tap into DNA like shamans to do things. Higher animals are smart and may have consciousness but ants are pretty dumb. One is reminded of Edward Selous and others' ideas about thought-transference to explain how flocks of birds move and how ants and termites build hives, as it turns out birds flocking behaviour operates on simple instinctual rules (clustering, maintaining speed, and appropriate distance) and so are Ant Nesting behaviours. One proof of this is to put food just out of the reach of ants, and some dirt underneath, while they understand how to move earth and tunnel they will never purposely move earth to build ramps, bridges, or tunnels to reach a goal. The birds who flew in flocks and the ancestors of ants who had developed nesting behaviour managed to survive better and so these behaviours somehow became instincts and persisted.He then argues that ants and other animals are fully conscious because they do amazing things that seem to require forethought and they tap into DNA like shamans to do things. Higher animals are smart and may have consciousness but ants are pretty dumb. One is reminded of Edward Selous and others' ideas about thought-transference to explain how flocks of birds move and how ants and termites build hives, as it turns out birds flocking behaviour operates on simple instinctual rules (clustering, maintaining speed, and appropriate distance) and so are Ant Nesting behaviours. One proof of this is to put food just out of the reach of ants, and some dirt underneath, while they understand how to move earth and tunnel they will never purposely move earth to build ramps, bridges, or tunnels to reach a goal. The birds who flew in flocks and the ancestors of ants who had developed nesting behaviour managed to survive better and so these behaviours somehow became instincts and persisted.Now Narby makes the extremely tired argument that life is too complicated to be determined by chance alone, and he is correct on this matter. Too bad there is more than chance guiding evolution, we also have Natural Selection guiding the process, to quote Richard Dawkins: "Life results from the non-random survival of randomly varying replicators." The combinations which work survive and prosper and are kept in the population. Narby argues "How can a small telephone directory of information emerge from random processes?" (P. 142) to answer this I wish to quote a bit of Michael Shermer's 25 Creationists' Arguments and 25 Evolutionists' Answers which nicely illustrates how natural selection can produce Shakespeare's Hamlet quickly from random letters:Now Narby makes the extremely tired argument that life is too complicated to be determined by chance alone, and he is correct on this matter. Too bad there is more than chance guiding evolution, we also have Natural Selection guiding the process, to quote Richard Dawkins: "Life results from the non-random survival of randomly varying replicators." The combinations which work survive and prosper and are kept in the population. Narby argues "How can a small telephone directory of information emerge from random processes?" (P. 142) to answer this I wish to quote a bit of Michael Shermer's 25 Creationists' Arguments and 25 Evolutionists' Answers which nicely illustrates how natural selection can produce Shakespeare's Hamlet quickly from random letters:"Natural selection is not "random" nor does it operate by "chance." Natural selection preserves the gains and eradicates the mistakes. The eye evolved from a single, light-sensitive cell into the complex eye of today through hundreds if not thousands of intermediate steps, many of which still exist in nature. In order for the monkey to type the first 13 letters of Hamlet's soliloquy by chance, it would take 26 to the power of 13 number of trials for success. This is 16 times as great as the total number of seconds that have elapsed in the lifetime of the solar system. But if each correct letter is preserved and each incorrect letter eradicated, the process operates much faster. How much faster? Richard Hardison constructed a computer program in which letters were "selected" for or against, and it took an average of only 335.2 trials to produce the sequence of letters TOBEORNOTTOBE. This takes the computer less than 90 seconds. The entire play can be done in about 4.5 days!""Natural selection is not "random" nor does it operate by "chance." Natural selection preserves the gains and eradicates the mistakes. The eye evolved from a single, light-sensitive cell into the complex eye of today through hundreds if not thousands of intermediate steps, many of which still exist in nature. In order for the monkey to type the first 13 letters of Hamlet's soliloquy by chance, it would take 26 to the power of 13 number of trials for success. This is 16 times as great as the total number of seconds that have elapsed in the lifetime of the solar system. But if each correct letter is preserved and each incorrect letter eradicated, the process operates much faster. How much faster? Richard Hardison constructed a computer program in which letters were "selected" for or against, and it took an average of only 335.2 trials to produce the sequence of letters TOBEORNOTTOBE. This takes the computer less than 90 seconds. The entire play can be done in about 4.5 days!"Narby also tries to argue that gaps in the fossil record such as in whale evolution and other places where there are few or no intermediate forms indicate that evolution has not occurred. This however just means that in this instance there are gaps in the fossil record because the fossils have not been found yet. Narby also points to the seemingly rapid appearance of species in the fossil record as an argument against evolution. Apparently Narby has never heard of Punctuated Equilibrium.Narby also tries to argue that gaps in the fossil record such as in whale evolution and other places where there are few or no intermediate forms indicate that evolution has not occurred. This however just means that in this instance there are gaps in the fossil record because the fossils have not been found yet. Narby also points to the seemingly rapid appearance of species in the fossil record as an argument against evolution. Apparently Narby has never heard of Punctuated Equilibrium.Narby stunningly also tries to argue that because large portions of DNA is identical over many different species that this somehow indicates design, unfortunately for Narby a lot of these identical sequences of DNA code for the basic processes of life. A human who couldn't cope with oxygen or a fox which could not metabolize energy would not last long in this world. The fact that these sequences are identical is actually a point for evolution because the same processes have been preserved and we even see similar basic skeletal structures in animals even when it is not efficient or useful such as digits in the fins of dolphins or the appendix in humans.Narby stunningly also tries to argue that because large portions of DNA is identical over many different species that this somehow indicates design, unfortunately for Narby a lot of these identical sequences of DNA code for the basic processes of life. A human who couldn't cope with oxygen or a fox which could not metabolize energy would not last long in this world. The fact that these sequences are identical is actually a point for evolution because the same processes have been preserved and we even see similar basic skeletal structures in animals even when it is not efficient or useful such as digits in the fins of dolphins or the appendix in humans.Finally, we come back full circle to his argument about Natural Selection being a form of circular logic and he ties to paint Evolution as unfalsifiable (No, we can test it's predictions in such fields as Genetics and Palaeontology) and being denounce by an increasing number of scientists (not at all true).Finally, we come back full circle to his argument about Natural Selection being a form of circular logic and he ties to paint Evolution as unfalsifiable (No, we can test it's predictions in such fields as Genetics and Palaeontology) and being denounce by an increasing number of scientists (not at all true).All in all while Narby has some interesting nuggets of information and ideas in The Cosmic Serpent he ultimately seems to squander these ideas by jumping around in random directions and to strange conclusions based on very little evidence
 She wastes the first chapters, and my time, going to extremes with kooky consultants that only someone who doesn't deserve to be hired would use.  It adds to the drama and despair I suppose, but it comes off as contrived, and as an attempt to pander to her extremist/pessimist reading coterie.I don't think Babs could have possibly put more words in quotations.  Her OCD with quotated words and terms is a distraction that ultimately drove me nuts. I can't believe she's an accomplished writer.Her writing style can best be described as unsmooth and read-stoppage inducing.Oh well, her intentions were good
 I fail to understand all of the hoopla about Susan Sontag. While I have only read a limited selection of her work, in these essays, &quot;Against Interpretation&quot; being the ultimate example, Sontag emerges as a simple-minded, arrogant ignoramus. In her utterly unreasoned invective,  Sontag ignores (or is just unable to understand) two critical facts. First,  some works of art and theory are difficult to understand (in varying  degrees) without the help of interpretation. Sontag's flawed analysis of  the supposed ruination of the works of Kafka by interpretation demonstrates  that not only is she among this crowd, she has clearly reached new and  unheard of misguided heights. Second, Sontag ignores the fact that works of  art in other languages cannot be understood in translation without the help  of interpretation and criticism that demonstrates the extent to which  aspects of a certain culture are imbedded in the original language. This  couldn't possibly be clearer than in poetry. Weinberger's excellent  &quot;Nineteen Ways of Looking at Wang Wei&quot;, which adroitly considers  the subject, hadn't been released when Sontag published this essay but it  probably wouldn't have made a difference. What was she thinking? The only  good aspect of the essay (and why I give it 2 stars instead of 1 or zero)  is the fact that it has given me ample opportunity to win arguments against  individuals who are flawed in their thinking enough to enjoy Sontag's  writing
 I stumbled across this book by accident at my library and decided what the heck, all those millions reading Gray's franchise can't be wrong.  Plus, I've seen Gray on Larry King once, and he seemed like a nice and reasonable enough guy.  This book, though, promising in its intro to be "sexy", touched more of my comical than my sensual nerves.  Now, I am not above accepting bedroom advice where it's warranted (for instance, it is thanks to Dr. Gray that I finally made sense of that night years ago when my husband slept on the couch after a huge fight caused by my criticizing a movie we'd just went to see).  But Gray's generalizations, dumbing down of most issues and sharing his own sex life with his wife Bonnie were mostly unhelpful, and I suspect that the passages I found funny were involuntarily so. I stumbled across this book by accident at my library and decided what the heck, all those millions reading Gray's franchise can't be wrong.  Plus, I've seen Gray on Larry King once, and he seemed like a nice and reasonable enough guy.  This book, though, promising in its intro to be "sexy", touched more of my comical than my sensual nerves.  Now, I am not above accepting bedroom advice where it's warranted (for instance, it is thanks to Dr. Gray that I finally made sense of that night years ago when my husband slept on the couch after a huge fight caused by my criticizing a movie we'd just went to see).  But Gray's generalizations, dumbing down of most issues and sharing his own sex life with his wife Bonnie were mostly unhelpful, and I suspect that the passages I found funny were involuntarily so. Although I'm the first to admit that women love compliments, Gray's suggestions, as displayed in several top 10-lists of things to say (and, occasionally, what not to say) were a tidbit too repetitive (ever wonder how many combinations you can play with the phrase "your breasts are wonderful"?  Read the book!).  Almost as enlightening was the hot tip on how, while getting to the undressing part, the man should pull the woman's panties "up her crack" (a.k.a. give her a plain old wedgie--no joke).  And, don't miss the one where the Mongolian woman pulls a flag at full mast when she's in the mood and at half when she's not (or maybe it was different colors, I couldn't read clearly through my tears--no offense to the Mongolian people!).Although I'm the first to admit that women love compliments, Gray's suggestions, as displayed in several top 10-lists of things to say (and, occasionally, what not to say) were a tidbit too repetitive (ever wonder how many combinations you can play with the phrase "your breasts are wonderful"?  Read the book!).  Almost as enlightening was the hot tip on how, while getting to the undressing part, the man should pull the woman's panties "up her crack" (a.k.a. give her a plain old wedgie--no joke).  And, don't miss the one where the Mongolian woman pulls a flag at full mast when she's in the mood and at half when she's not (or maybe it was different colors, I couldn't read clearly through my tears--no offense to the Mongolian people!).More annoying were the recurring (and very stereotypical) assumptions that a woman always needs 10 or more times more cajoling into sex than a man (in various ways, be it foreplay, flowers or the favored seduction line hit lists), that a man always comes (and too quickly, of course), and that you need constantly innovative acrobatics in the bedroom, or your (otherwise mutually comfortable and sure-fire, I wonder?) approach will become a "turn-off".More annoying were the recurring (and very stereotypical) assumptions that a woman always needs 10 or more times more cajoling into sex than a man (in various ways, be it foreplay, flowers or the favored seduction line hit lists), that a man always comes (and too quickly, of course), and that you need constantly innovative acrobatics in the bedroom, or your (otherwise mutually comfortable and sure-fire, I wonder?) approach will become a "turn-off".Bottom line (no pun intended):  if you want some light and basic (!) guidance, the book is not too terrible, but if it is "advanced bedroom skills" (Gray said that!) that you're after, you're better off digging out that old Erica Jong or even any pulp.     Bottom line (no pun intended):  if you want some light and basic (!) guidance, the book is not too terrible, but if it is "advanced bedroom skills" (Gray said that!) that you're after, you're better off digging out that old Erica Jong or even any pulp.     Bottom line (no pun intended):  if you want some light and basic (!) guidance, the book is not too terrible, but if it is "advanced bedroom skills" (Gray said that!) that you're after, you're better off digging out that old Erica Jong or even any pulp.     
 congrats on your first victory in eight and a half decades
 I have never read one of Johansen's books and after reading this one, I'm not likely to read another.  I usually enjoy reading pretty much any type of mystery and am not a literary critic by any means, but I just couldn't get into the story here because of the flowery and cliche-filled writing.  Exclamations such as "dear heaven" and "lord" were repeated over and over again by all characters throughout the book, which doesn't seem to fit with the rest of their conversational tone (it would suit my southern grandma, however).  As another reviewer said, the big mystery of why Daisy wouldn't leave Geneva wasn't particularly mysterious - if she really wanted Jason to leave she could have just told him.  Character development was lacking and I just didn't care that much about them.  I would have liked to hear more about Cynthia and her antics.  I did finish the book because I was curious to know what happened, but I couldn't wait for it to be over.  Sorry, but this was not my cup of tea
 ...and dump it...great advice given in a previous review. ...and dump it...great advice given in a previous review. I think the "shame" about this book is that it glosses over some very interesting ideas with (in my opinion) some wholly unsupported and mostly un-related crap. I think the "shame" about this book is that it glosses over some very interesting ideas with (in my opinion) some wholly unsupported and mostly un-related crap. Talbot is to the theory of the Holographic Universe what Mark Furman was to the guilt of OJ Simpson.  Whatever truth there is to it will be hidden by his presentation of "false evidence"
 The author has her narrator("Cinnamon") spend most of her time comparing herself to the fascinating Scarlett,in a game of wish-fulfillment one-upmanship. Even though she's calling the shots,as it's her book, Scarlett still comes out miles ahead. Perhaps it was only that way for a certain strata of society,but there WAS once a beautiful world of chivalry and gallantry and bravery and even some idealism-even if misplaced-just as there has been throughout the ages in other societies,such as "Ivanhoe" presents.The story may have been one-sided,but it's the side MM chose to tell,and there's kernel of truth in the "myth" of the Old South,as in all myths.The author has her narrator("Cinnamon") spend most of her time comparing herself to the fascinating Scarlett,in a game of wish-fulfillment one-upmanship. Even though she's calling the shots,as it's her book, Scarlett still comes out miles ahead. Perhaps it was only that way for a certain strata of society,but there WAS once a beautiful world of chivalry and gallantry and bravery and even some idealism-even if misplaced-just as there has been throughout the ages in other societies,such as "Ivanhoe" presents.The story may have been one-sided,but it's the side MM chose to tell,and there's kernel of truth in the "myth" of the Old South,as in all myths. Margaret Mitchell has nothing to fear from this silly so-called "parody",which is really a subconscious-or not so subconscious,in fact-effort to knock from her pedestal,that epitome of heroines-Katie Scarlett O'Hara and the wonderful Melanie Wilkes.As if Rhett would ever give any other woman a serious thought-he was obsessed with Scarlett.That's why he turned to women like Belle Watling.And to imagine Mammy killing the male babies,when she had been devoted to Ellen O'Hara from Ellen's childhood.Thank goodness this book isn't a pimple on the fanny of the classic GWTW,because what it is a a travesty-and not even a well-written or engaging one at that.GWTW will still be read and loved for all time,like the classic it is,when this book is selling for a quarter at garage sales.I didn't even pay that,thank goodness-the woman gave it to me,and I read it and burned it with the rest of the trash.I'd give it a negative star if there was such a rating.Ludicrous and laughable-try again,Ms Randall,and try to get over the jealousy of Scarlett and Co. Again,Margaret Mitchell need not fear,LOL
 I found this book extremely verbose and unorganized.  It would serve as a great reference book for a lab researcher or grad student.  But it's way too technical and dense for an introductory genetics class.  The authors do a poor job presenting the material in a comprehensible way to an undergraduate genetics student.  Not recommended
 The author makes a good case for index mutual funds but there aretoo many digressions about the author's extracurricular activities.Do you really want a pumpkin pie recipe in a book about mutual funds
 For someone who spends his career attacking politically-motivated science, Stephen Jay Gould does a pretty good job combining scientific research with politics in this book. Gould rambles on and on, attacking giants of modern science like Samuel Morton and Francis Galton, and never putting up any serious scientific conclusions of his own. Gould presents fabricated objections to serious research and selectively excludes studies that make a clear correlation between intelligence and brain and skull size as well as differences in brain size between the human population groups and correlations between brain size and class. Gould only ridicules the most outlandish claims of scientific racism and refuses to pick on findings that have been proven correct. For anyone who has no knowledge of biology, this book will give them a very distorted view of the entire science. Stephen Jay Gould is a paleontologist; evolutionary biology is an amateur field for him, and it would be best if he, as well as all other crypto-Marxists who wish to blend science and politics, stay out of it
 This is the story of Stingo, a 22 y/o aspiring writer in NYC in 1947 who meets a pair of lovers, Sophie and Nathan, at his boarding house and is drawn into their dysfunctional relationship, falling in love with both and witnessing their self-destruction.  Nathan is a mentally deranged and drug-addicted genius.  Sophie is a haunted Polish survivor of Auschwitz.  Her story unfolds as she confides to Nathan the awful truths of her unwillingness to join the Polish resistance, her eventual capture over a small infraction and her heart-destroying choice when she arrives in the camp--she must decide which of her children will live and which will be sent immediately to the gas chamber.This is the story of Stingo, a 22 y/o aspiring writer in NYC in 1947 who meets a pair of lovers, Sophie and Nathan, at his boarding house and is drawn into their dysfunctional relationship, falling in love with both and witnessing their self-destruction.  Nathan is a mentally deranged and drug-addicted genius.  Sophie is a haunted Polish survivor of Auschwitz.  Her story unfolds as she confides to Nathan the awful truths of her unwillingness to join the Polish resistance, her eventual capture over a small infraction and her heart-destroying choice when she arrives in the camp--she must decide which of her children will live and which will be sent immediately to the gas chamber.While Nathan and Sophie are both fascinating, fully-realized characters with terrible obstacles, Stingo, the narrator, is about as imbecilic a person as ever an author has entrusted his narrative to.  Despite his thirty or so years of perspective on the events of '47 which he is relating, he seems to possess little or no wisdom about them, no intriguing viewpoints about his life or his friends' tragedies, and his actions and attitudes at the age of 22 are so immature and superficial as to be almost unbearable.  The novel is far too long--it could be nearly cut in half and only benefit.  The narrative style is foolishly ponderous, far over-written, especially in the first half.  And in the end while the structure of narrator/observer seems like a fine choice in the abstract, the specific narrator and his terrible lack of wisdom only interferes with the heartbreaking story of Nathan and Sophie.While Nathan and Sophie are both fascinating, fully-realized characters with terrible obstacles, Stingo, the narrator, is about as imbecilic a person as ever an author has entrusted his narrative to.  Despite his thirty or so years of perspective on the events of '47 which he is relating, he seems to possess little or no wisdom about them, no intriguing viewpoints about his life or his friends' tragedies, and his actions and attitudes at the age of 22 are so immature and superficial as to be almost unbearable.  The novel is far too long--it could be nearly cut in half and only benefit.  The narrative style is foolishly ponderous, far over-written, especially in the first half.  And in the end while the structure of narrator/observer seems like a fine choice in the abstract, the specific narrator and his terrible lack of wisdom only interferes with the heartbreaking story of Nathan and Sophie.In the end, the narrator never even approaches the key question in my mind:  why did Sophie so quickly choose Eva to die rather than Jan?  A lack of true understanding of what would happen to the girl?  A blind panic?  A preference for her son, the sort of harmless preference many parents may harbor that is never important because we are never asked to choose?  It is this having chosen which seems more than the other tragedies to have really destroyed Sophie, and yet it's glossed over in the narrative.  In fact, it's followed by Sophie and Stingo having an endless night of 'fu---ng' as the novel would put it.  Really?  Almost hard to believe Sophie could get it together to have peremptory sex after her drinking and her terrible revelations.  She uses sex to escape with her lover Nathan, but it's hard to imagine this all-night sexcapade Stingo relates.  Could it be that Styron only knows how to connect people through sex?  In the end, the narrator never even approaches the key question in my mind:  why did Sophie so quickly choose Eva to die rather than Jan?  A lack of true understanding of what would happen to the girl?  A blind panic?  A preference for her son, the sort of harmless preference many parents may harbor that is never important because we are never asked to choose?  It is this having chosen which seems more than the other tragedies to have really destroyed Sophie, and yet it's glossed over in the narrative.  In fact, it's followed by Sophie and Stingo having an endless night of 'fu---ng' as the novel would put it.  Really?  Almost hard to believe Sophie could get it together to have peremptory sex after her drinking and her terrible revelations.  She uses sex to escape with her lover Nathan, but it's hard to imagine this all-night sexcapade Stingo relates.  Could it be that Styron only knows how to connect people through sex?  How this could be considered one of the greatest American novels of all time is a mystery to me.  The potential is there, but only a truly talented, dedicated editor could have rescued the book from itsmany structural and linguistic failures
 Middle-aged Gracie is a typical Hollywood wife, right down to her botox injections and designer wardrobe.  When her husband dumps her after almost ten years of marriage, Gracie finds herself without love, without friends, and most importantly, without status.  (But at least she's still got the money!)Middle-aged Gracie is a typical Hollywood wife, right down to her botox injections and designer wardrobe.  When her husband dumps her after almost ten years of marriage, Gracie finds herself without love, without friends, and most importantly, without status.  (But at least she's still got the money!)Actually, most of what I know is from the dust jacket since this book was too torturous to finish.  The plot is predictable and uninteresting and is littered with so much name-dropping that sometimes it's hard to follow.  The characters are taken straight from Stereotype 101 and are so badly written that they're impossible to relate to.  The writing is ponderous and lumbers along awkwardly, lacking polish, wit, or interest.  Especially irritating is Grazer's insistence on using Gracie's name as much as possible.  For example:Actually, most of what I know is from the dust jacket since this book was too torturous to finish.  The plot is predictable and uninteresting and is littered with so much name-dropping that sometimes it's hard to follow.  The characters are taken straight from Stereotype 101 and are so badly written that they're impossible to relate to.  The writing is ponderous and lumbers along awkwardly, lacking polish, wit, or interest.  Especially irritating is Grazer's insistence on using Gracie's name as much as possible.  For example:"Gracie thought about it; they'd never been to marriage counseling.  Gracie had gone to counseling in the beginning of their marriage - there were many issues to overcome.  More or less her personality issues - the fact that Gracie had too much personality.  Gracie said and did pretty much what Gracie pleased, in the beginning.  Before Gracie learned The Way of the Wife" (p 38)."Gracie thought about it; they'd never been to marriage counseling.  Gracie had gone to counseling in the beginning of their marriage - there were many issues to overcome.  More or less her personality issues - the fact that Gracie had too much personality.  Gracie said and did pretty much what Gracie pleased, in the beginning.  Before Gracie learned The Way of the Wife" (p 38).I lost interest after about 20 pages, plowed my way through 40 more, then gave up.  It's very obvious that this is a poorly-veiled autobiography (Grazer/Gracie) and that as a Hollywood wife, Grazer DOES have the connections and clout her protagonist lacks or this book would never have been published.I lost interest after about 20 pages, plowed my way through 40 more, then gave up.  It's very obvious that this is a poorly-veiled autobiography (Grazer/Gracie) and that as a Hollywood wife, Grazer DOES have the connections and clout her protagonist lacks or this book would never have been published.Definitely not worth your time
 I rarely stop reading a book in the middle of it, but I couldn't take any more of Look Homeward, Angel after Part I (about 1/3 of the way through).  It was long, rambling, and most of the passages did not add anything to the story, not even in the way of atmosphere.  I do not recommend this book
 As the reviewer from Jackhorn, KY stated, this book lacks original research.  If you read the section on the "house church movement" and then go to the website for The Homechurch Homepage, you will see that Mr. Wolfe hacked away at many of the articles on the site to obtain his "research."  For the many quotes he used from the website, not once were any of the authors contacted by Mr. Wolfe in order to do any original research.  If he had done so, he would have come away with a different take than he wrote in his book
 bought book flipped through for 5 minutes, found good use starting a woodfire. all the info contained can be had for free on the internet. if youve been trading more then 2 days you already know more then the scope of this boo
 As a professional, certified chef and baker, I am also an avid baking and cookbook collector. After seeing that this book won and the James Beard and the 'IACP Cookbook of the Year' awards -both prominently displayed on the cover of this book- and after reading the 'too good to be true'-reviews on Amazon -some reviewers sound so exalted and in trance as if Peter Reinhart is the Jesus Christ of Bread- I finally decided to buy this expensive book. As a professional, certified chef and baker, I am also an avid baking and cookbook collector. After seeing that this book won and the James Beard and the 'IACP Cookbook of the Year' awards -both prominently displayed on the cover of this book- and after reading the 'too good to be true'-reviews on Amazon -some reviewers sound so exalted and in trance as if Peter Reinhart is the Jesus Christ of Bread- I finally decided to buy this expensive book. What a dissappointment! For all those blindly following Reinhart as he were the Saviour of True Bread, wake up! Reinhart's book is simply flawed. Compared to other bread books, it's even a quite average book. But one that is luxuriously packaged. A lot of hot colorful expensive air. And it's expensive not because of the info and exlusive bread knowledge in it, but because of the super luxuriously editing. This is a book for book enthousiasts, not for bakers, professional or home. What a dissappointment! For all those blindly following Reinhart as he were the Saviour of True Bread, wake up! Reinhart's book is simply flawed. Compared to other bread books, it's even a quite average book. But one that is luxuriously packaged. A lot of hot colorful expensive air. And it's expensive not because of the info and exlusive bread knowledge in it, but because of the super luxuriously editing. This is a book for book enthousiasts, not for bakers, professional or home. I see baking and cookbooks mainly as working tools, as information and inspiration. Not as eye candy. If you want nice pictures, buy an art book. A book on baking bread with these awards behind it, should give you tons of new info about ingredients and techniques, original insights, an appetite for baking, factual info, the newest and tested developments in technique... What you get here is a fluffed up egotrip. 47 formulas and ample bread info packaged into a shining 30-40$ publishing hype.I see baking and cookbooks mainly as working tools, as information and inspiration. Not as eye candy. If you want nice pictures, buy an art book. A book on baking bread with these awards behind it, should give you tons of new info about ingredients and techniques, original insights, an appetite for baking, factual info, the newest and tested developments in technique... What you get here is a fluffed up egotrip. 47 formulas and ample bread info packaged into a shining 30-40$ publishing hype.Don't get me wrong: this is a beautiful, expensive book. But one you don't use in the kitchen, and certainly don't smudge with butter but put on the coffee table in the living room to impress guests and have polite conversations about. But as a source of new information or enlightening up to date bread knowledge, giving pointers about using new bread ingredients combined with old proven bread baking techniques, as a working tool sweating near the hot oven at home or at a bakery, compared to other bread books, this book fails miserably info-wise. But it has a snappy lay out. Don't get me wrong: this is a beautiful, expensive book. But one you don't use in the kitchen, and certainly don't smudge with butter but put on the coffee table in the living room to impress guests and have polite conversations about. But as a source of new information or enlightening up to date bread knowledge, giving pointers about using new bread ingredients combined with old proven bread baking techniques, as a working tool sweating near the hot oven at home or at a bakery, compared to other bread books, this book fails miserably info-wise. But it has a snappy lay out. Jeff Hamelmans 'Bread, a Book of Techniques' and Rose Beranbaums 'Bread Bible' give the readers much more practical info and insight into bread baking. They talk more about the subject 'bread'. And not about themselves like Peter Reinhart clearly relishes. Mr Reinhart clearly sees himself as so important and interesting a person that we read in this book about his wife and their sightseeing in Paris. How about the bread info, the kneading, rising, baking, ingredient- and techniques info? I honestly prefer industrious bakers who pass on their baking knowledge clearly without having to read at which hotel room they stayedin. Bakers with such big ego's that think that readers of a Bread Baking book are more interested in the shopping experiences of the wife during 'a learning trip' to professional bakers on which she accompanied him, than in another bread formula's, should work in shobizz, not in a bakery or a culinary school. Big ego's with more talk than substance galore in the food industry. Reinart is, judging by this book, sadly also one of them. I don't see in a 1000 years Rose Beranbaum in one of her books rambling on about her husbands prefered color of ties or Jeff Hamelman writing in a bread book about the time he spent with his wife in Paris. Mr.Reinhart: your readers forked out 30-40$ for bread info, not your personal travel experiences. As you as a teachers no doubts sometimes say to a pupil: Stay with the subject! And the subject of this book, for which I paid is 'Bread and Baking. If we want to know about your personal life, we'll read an interview in People, if they find you interesting enough.Jeff Hamelmans 'Bread, a Book of Techniques' and Rose Beranbaums 'Bread Bible' give the readers much more practical info and insight into bread baking. They talk more about the subject 'bread'. And not about themselves like Peter Reinhart clearly relishes. Mr Reinhart clearly sees himself as so important and interesting a person that we read in this book about his wife and their sightseeing in Paris. How about the bread info, the kneading, rising, baking, ingredient- and techniques info? I honestly prefer industrious bakers who pass on their baking knowledge clearly without having to read at which hotel room they stayedin. Bakers with such big ego's that think that readers of a Bread Baking book are more interested in the shopping experiences of the wife during 'a learning trip' to professional bakers on which she accompanied him, than in another bread formula's, should work in shobizz, not in a bakery or a culinary school. Big ego's with more talk than substance galore in the food industry. Reinart is, judging by this book, sadly also one of them. I don't see in a 1000 years Rose Beranbaum in one of her books rambling on about her husbands prefered color of ties or Jeff Hamelman writing in a bread book about the time he spent with his wife in Paris. Mr.Reinhart: your readers forked out 30-40$ for bread info, not your personal travel experiences. As you as a teachers no doubts sometimes say to a pupil: Stay with the subject! And the subject of this book, for which I paid is 'Bread and Baking. If we want to know about your personal life, we'll read an interview in People, if they find you interesting enough.Peter Reinharts 'The Bread Baker's Apprentice' as a 'Bread Book' is simply a marketing creation. Smartly edited, but way too short on substance. There is not much new information on bread. Worse: there is not much info at all! In total for 30-40 $, you get exactly 47 formulas on 307 pages of which 2 color photo pages are simply ads for other books by Ten Speed Press, the editor or this book. Compared to Beranbaums 640 pages, Hamelmans 400 plus pages, that is a big difference for a big price. With Reinharts book, you get a lot of shining white surface that in other Bread books is filled with bread info. As a buyer of this book, you also pay for full page black-and-white and color pictures that are pure filler. See p. 3, 6, 26... And why is the beautiful model Fumie on the cover of a bread book and not mr. Reinhart himself or even ... bread alone? With Reinharts next book they will no doubt put Kate Moss in an apron and a bakers vest. Package the air attractive enough and the readers will swallow it and fork out the 30-40$. Never mind the content. Peter Reinharts 'The Bread Baker's Apprentice' as a 'Bread Book' is simply a marketing creation. Smartly edited, but way too short on substance. There is not much new information on bread. Worse: there is not much info at all! In total for 30-40 $, you get exactly 47 formulas on 307 pages of which 2 color photo pages are simply ads for other books by Ten Speed Press, the editor or this book. Compared to Beranbaums 640 pages, Hamelmans 400 plus pages, that is a big difference for a big price. With Reinharts book, you get a lot of shining white surface that in other Bread books is filled with bread info. As a buyer of this book, you also pay for full page black-and-white and color pictures that are pure filler. See p. 3, 6, 26... And why is the beautiful model Fumie on the cover of a bread book and not mr. Reinhart himself or even ... bread alone? With Reinharts next book they will no doubt put Kate Moss in an apron and a bakers vest. Package the air attractive enough and the readers will swallow it and fork out the 30-40$. Never mind the content. Let's talk a bit about the formula's. That should be an important part of a baking book, right? And they should be original and fine tuned, right? Sadly to say: nothing new or original here. Some aren't even fine tuned. And baking is all about fine tuning. Worse, almost all the formula's can be found in other bread books. And, most insulting for a buyer of this book, a lot of the mere 47 formulas (Reinhart uses this expensive word because 'recipe' propably doesn't fit into the marketing of this baking book) in this book are rehashed or directly derived from Reinharts former book 'Crust and Crumb'. Clever marketing and ba-da-bing! By the way, 'Crust and Crumb' has been reedited in 2006. At a fair price, I admit. So if you want your dose of Reinhart at a right price without the pomp, scnes of a marriage, without Peter Reinharts comment on the Eiffel tower so to speak... buy 'Crust and Crumb' and leave this luxuriously edited egotrip on the shelves. But before I buy I would also first flip through Beranbaums and Hamelmans bread books in the bookshop or in the Amazon shop. As for this book, you should ask yourself: 'Do I want a serious bread book or a nice coffeetable book?'. Let's talk a bit about the formula's. That should be an important part of a baking book, right? And they should be original and fine tuned, right? Sadly to say: nothing new or original here. Some aren't even fine tuned. And baking is all about fine tuning. Worse, almost all the formula's can be found in other bread books. And, most insulting for a buyer of this book, a lot of the mere 47 formulas (Reinhart uses this expensive word because 'recipe' propably doesn't fit into the marketing of this baking book) in this book are rehashed or directly derived from Reinharts former book 'Crust and Crumb'. Clever marketing and ba-da-bing! By the way, 'Crust and Crumb' has been reedited in 2006. At a fair price, I admit. So if you want your dose of Reinhart at a right price without the pomp, scnes of a marriage, without Peter Reinharts comment on the Eiffel tower so to speak... buy 'Crust and Crumb' and leave this luxuriously edited egotrip on the shelves. But before I buy I would also first flip through Beranbaums and Hamelmans bread books in the bookshop or in the Amazon shop. As for this book, you should ask yourself: 'Do I want a serious bread book or a nice coffeetable book?'. Taking in consideration all the egostroking in this book and in reviews, as a baking book for the world market, this book is almost worthless. The universal accepted working standard in worldwide baking is metric weight. Like it or not, but that's a fact. You weigh your ingredients carefully by grams, kilo's etc. Reinhart visited French top bakers Poilane and Gosselin, clearly admires them and aspires to reach their level of baking. I don't think that Poilane measures in cups and ounces! But even then, let Reinhart measure in cups for the home market. But then have the decency to add the metric equivalent in the formula's itself for the rest of the world. This guy goes on and on about his wish to bake authentic European inspired bread like ciabatta, fougasse... About a Worldwide Bread Revolution! And then he refuses to use the most important tool to make these breads: the same language, the metric weight system. Rose Beranbaum places the metric equivalent next to the cups/ounces. It's a simple as that. Bread is a world food, so use the world standard for baking. If not, market your book mainly to the USA market and be honest and upfront about that. And don't give us that inflated hot air babble about a Worldwide Bread Revolution without using the worldwide accepted working standard, the metric wieght system! This big flaw makes the book almost useless for bakers outside the USA. The Worldwide Bread Revolution won't be for tommorrow if we have to use this book worldwide!Taking in consideration all the egostroking in this book and in reviews, as a baking book for the world market, this book is almost worthless. The universal accepted working standard in worldwide baking is metric weight. Like it or not, but that's a fact. You weigh your ingredients carefully by grams, kilo's etc. Reinhart visited French top bakers Poilane and Gosselin, clearly admires them and aspires to reach their level of baking. I don't think that Poilane measures in cups and ounces! But even then, let Reinhart measure in cups for the home market. But then have the decency to add the metric equivalent in the formula's itself for the rest of the world. This guy goes on and on about his wish to bake authentic European inspired bread like ciabatta, fougasse... About a Worldwide Bread Revolution! And then he refuses to use the most important tool to make these breads: the same language, the metric weight system. Rose Beranbaum places the metric equivalent next to the cups/ounces. It's a simple as that. Bread is a world food, so use the world standard for baking. If not, market your book mainly to the USA market and be honest and upfront about that. And don't give us that inflated hot air babble about a Worldwide Bread Revolution without using the worldwide accepted working standard, the metric wieght system! This big flaw makes the book almost useless for bakers outside the USA. The Worldwide Bread Revolution won't be for tommorrow if we have to use this book worldwide!Next point: Reinhart advocates instant yeast over fresh pressed yeast. Every baker worth his salt (or yeast) will tell you that fresh yeast gives a far better taste, volume and texture. Yeast is a living organism. As 'instant yeast' it has been dried and put on the shelves for God knows how long. It's like you force a just woken up coma-patient, that has been dormant for months, years... to run a marathon. Fresh, pressed yeast is still alive and its taste and texture are a world of difference compared to 'instant' (aka dried) yeast. Try the difference between fresh yeast and instant yeast for taste and texture and fully developed rising at home, and judge for yourself. To place fresh yeast on the same level as instant yeast is preposterous for someone like Reinhart who spends days on his pre ferments! For scientific back up, you can always read the recently translated book of world renowed food scientist Herve This 'Molecular Gastronomy, Exploring the Science of Flavor' (Columbia University Press 2006).Next point: Reinhart advocates instant yeast over fresh pressed yeast. Every baker worth his salt (or yeast) will tell you that fresh yeast gives a far better taste, volume and texture. Yeast is a living organism. As 'instant yeast' it has been dried and put on the shelves for God knows how long. It's like you force a just woken up coma-patient, that has been dormant for months, years... to run a marathon. Fresh, pressed yeast is still alive and its taste and texture are a world of difference compared to 'instant' (aka dried) yeast. Try the difference between fresh yeast and instant yeast for taste and texture and fully developed rising at home, and judge for yourself. To place fresh yeast on the same level as instant yeast is preposterous for someone like Reinhart who spends days on his pre ferments! For scientific back up, you can always read the recently translated book of world renowed food scientist Herve This 'Molecular Gastronomy, Exploring the Science of Flavor' (Columbia University Press 2006).And it gets worse. Reinhart frequently uses shortening instead of butter or olive oil in his breads. If Poilane hears this, he'll drop dead! Every baker knows that even a small amount of butter gives a much better taste and texture than shortening. Shortening produces a rancid/metallic taste and a slimy, unpleasant mouthfeel. Not to talk about health. Most shortening is choc full of trans fats which are much more unhealty than butter fat. Read Harvard's nutrition professor Walter Willets book: 'Eat, Drink and be Healthy' (Free Press 2001). New York has already picked this info up. Professional food writer and teacher Reinhart hasn't or doesn't care. For instance, Reinhart proudly declares -not as a joke- that in Italian bread you can use shortening instead of olive oil. In Italian Bread! Come on, let's be serious. And this guy teaches at the Culinary Institute of America! It's like he is advocating spam to put on the BBQ instead of beef! If that is the standard of baking that Reinhart uses, he'll have to wait a long time to reach the standards of a Poilane. And it gets worse. Reinhart frequently uses shortening instead of butter or olive oil in his breads. If Poilane hears this, he'll drop dead! Every baker knows that even a small amount of butter gives a much better taste and texture than shortening. Shortening produces a rancid/metallic taste and a slimy, unpleasant mouthfeel. Not to talk about health. Most shortening is choc full of trans fats which are much more unhealty than butter fat. Read Harvard's nutrition professor Walter Willets book: 'Eat, Drink and be Healthy' (Free Press 2001). New York has already picked this info up. Professional food writer and teacher Reinhart hasn't or doesn't care. For instance, Reinhart proudly declares -not as a joke- that in Italian bread you can use shortening instead of olive oil. In Italian Bread! Come on, let's be serious. And this guy teaches at the Culinary Institute of America! It's like he is advocating spam to put on the BBQ instead of beef! If that is the standard of baking that Reinhart uses, he'll have to wait a long time to reach the standards of a Poilane. Then there is Reinharts Hygine Problem. There is an international standard for basic hygiene in food called the Hazzard Analysis of Critical Control Points (HACCP). Reinhart as a professional tutor and teacher must no doubt know the HACCP by heart. The first thing in hygiene that an apprentice baker learns, is that before even touching ingredients, he must remove all the rings on his fingers. Because the place underneath a wedding band for instance, is the place where the filth gathers and bacteria feast. And kneading dough with all that filth underneath a wedding band that you keep on, is not only very dangerous for the health of customers, it is simply not done for a baker. I like my bread without filth baked in, thank you very much! In the school where I earned my diplome in baking, if a student had a ring on during practical class, he had to leave the class immediately and he lost important points for his exam. Yet we see professional teacher and Bread Book Author Reinhart kneading dough WITH HIS WEDDING BAND ON! See p. 36-37, 82-83, 255, 245... Unforgivable in a 'professional' baking book. And all the more in an expensive book that won the James Beard and IACP awards! Has anyone of the juries of the James Beard Foundation and the IACP, any basic knowledge of food hygiene? Has nobody seen this cardinal sin against food hygine in a so called 'professional Bread Book'? One other thing, for a bread book that pretends to be world class, there is no word about gluten-free bread. Not one formula. And this while more and more people are allergic to gluten (protein in wheat flour).Then there is Reinharts Hygine Problem. There is an international standard for basic hygiene in food called the Hazzard Analysis of Critical Control Points (HACCP). Reinhart as a professional tutor and teacher must no doubt know the HACCP by heart. The first thing in hygiene that an apprentice baker learns, is that before even touching ingredients, he must remove all the rings on his fingers. Because the place underneath a wedding band for instance, is the place where the filth gathers and bacteria feast. And kneading dough with all that filth underneath a wedding band that you keep on, is not only very dangerous for the health of customers, it is simply not done for a baker. I like my bread without filth baked in, thank you very much! In the school where I earned my diplome in baking, if a student had a ring on during practical class, he had to leave the class immediately and he lost important points for his exam. Yet we see professional teacher and Bread Book Author Reinhart kneading dough WITH HIS WEDDING BAND ON! See p. 36-37, 82-83, 255, 245... Unforgivable in a 'professional' baking book. And all the more in an expensive book that won the James Beard and IACP awards! Has anyone of the juries of the James Beard Foundation and the IACP, any basic knowledge of food hygiene? Has nobody seen this cardinal sin against food hygine in a so called 'professional Bread Book'? One other thing, for a bread book that pretends to be world class, there is no word about gluten-free bread. Not one formula. And this while more and more people are allergic to gluten (protein in wheat flour).To end on a positive note, one thing I found acceptable in this expensive coffee table book, was his 55 pages with the 12 stages of bread. But, fellow reviewers, you can find all this info and more, and explained more clearly, more detailed and to the point, in Hamelmans 'Bread' and Beranbaums 'Bread Bible'. And it doesn't take 55 pages of expensive high quality shining white paper. Peter, take out all the white empty space, learn to write more clearly and to the point, and you can say the same thing in 20 pages. Which leaves you 35 pages for more formula's for example. But if you haven't any formula's left or are preparing a new book, then, yes, by all means stretch the 12 stages of bread to 55 scarcely printed pages instead of 20. Why make it simple if you can make it seem difficult, impress your not so knowledgable readers and in doing so stroking your own ego?To end on a positive note, one thing I found acceptable in this expensive coffee table book, was his 55 pages with the 12 stages of bread. But, fellow reviewers, you can find all this info and more, and explained more clearly, more detailed and to the point, in Hamelmans 'Bread' and Beranbaums 'Bread Bible'. And it doesn't take 55 pages of expensive high quality shining white paper. Peter, take out all the white empty space, learn to write more clearly and to the point, and you can say the same thing in 20 pages. Which leaves you 35 pages for more formula's for example. But if you haven't any formula's left or are preparing a new book, then, yes, by all means stretch the 12 stages of bread to 55 scarcely printed pages instead of 20. Why make it simple if you can make it seem difficult, impress your not so knowledgable readers and in doing so stroking your own ego?So despite all the hoopla, hyped reviews, near hysterical praise and important awards, this is simply a too expensive, show off-book. It's like the tale of 'the King with no Clothes on'. Somebody has to yell: 'Hey, wait a minute!'So despite all the hoopla, hyped reviews, near hysterical praise and important awards, this is simply a too expensive, show off-book. It's like the tale of 'the King with no Clothes on'. Somebody has to yell: 'Hey, wait a minute!'If you want good books on bread baking: buy one by Jeff Hamelman, Rose Beranbaum and Bernard Clayton. You don't get a model on the cover, but the content is all the better. And in a bread book, isn't content more important than packaging
 "This has been a story of an American soldier whose involvement in the making of the world's greatest dictionary was singular, astonishing, memorable and laudable - and yet at the same time wretchedly sad." - Prologue.  Well, that certainly could have been the story.  But what it was was a history of the dictionary (as in "the history of the horse") with W.C. Minor's contributions finally gotten to on page 116 or so.  Winchester, the author of several other books I'll avoid, also seems to suffer from the common malady - or unwillingness - of not knowing how to end a book.  So the last fifty pages sink the poor reader into...the history of insanity/dimentia/Alzeihmer's, whatever you want to call what Minor suffered.  Whereas I should have shed a tear when the main character - assuming it wasn't a dictionary - was laid to rest at age 85, I was fairly glad to see him go.
 As a romantic comedy, Star Wars is a failure.  As a science fiction film, the Annie Hall is a complete disappointment.  Whatever other merits these movies might have, there are definitely areas that they are lacking.  Which brings me to The Rough Guide to Cult Movies:  as a reference book, it is highly suspect.  What's notable is that Annie Hall fails as sci-fi because it doesn't try to be that genre; The Rough Guide fails at the very category it aspires to.  Which is too bad, because it is often an interesting read.As a romantic comedy, Star Wars is a failure.  As a science fiction film, the Annie Hall is a complete disappointment.  Whatever other merits these movies might have, there are definitely areas that they are lacking.  Which brings me to The Rough Guide to Cult Movies:  as a reference book, it is highly suspect.  What's notable is that Annie Hall fails as sci-fi because it doesn't try to be that genre; The Rough Guide fails at the very category it aspires to.  Which is too bad, because it is often an interesting read.The failure starts at the beginning of the book with a definition of cult movies that is so broad as to be meaningless.  We then a series of chapters representing various "genres", some of which are valid (science fiction, westerns, horror), some of which are ridiculous (Animals, Food, Nuns) and some of which are not even true genres (dubbed, independent, straight-to-video).  After this, we get various miscellaneous topics that are thrown in without rhyme or reason, such as a list of top movie grosses followed by presidential movie trivia.The failure starts at the beginning of the book with a definition of cult movies that is so broad as to be meaningless.  We then a series of chapters representing various "genres", some of which are valid (science fiction, westerns, horror), some of which are ridiculous (Animals, Food, Nuns) and some of which are not even true genres (dubbed, independent, straight-to-video).  After this, we get various miscellaneous topics that are thrown in without rhyme or reason, such as a list of top movie grosses followed by presidential movie trivia.The movie descriptions are often amusing, although there are numerous errors (such as misstating Geoffrey Rush's role in Pirates of the Caribbean), even more omissions (every reader will find his own; one example is that Unforgiven is missing from Westerns) and plenty of movies that are really miscategorized but seem only placed in a specific genre to fill it out.The movie descriptions are often amusing, although there are numerous errors (such as misstating Geoffrey Rush's role in Pirates of the Caribbean), even more omissions (every reader will find his own; one example is that Unforgiven is missing from Westerns) and plenty of movies that are really miscategorized but seem only placed in a specific genre to fill it out.What saves this book is, even though it fails as a reference book, it is nonetheless entertaining.  I am therefore giving this two stars instead of one.  It's a rather useless book, especially if you want to learn more about movies, but if you do pick it up, it is probably the most entertaining two-star book that you're ever likely to read. 
 Another farce to feed irrational hatred with authoritative sounding documentation... If you dig that sort of thing... there are tons out on the market...Unfortunately they don't come with disclaimers. like one would get when reading a book on the occult... People tend to go for books that support their bigoted view, and this is a fine example... it is a lucrative business in the united states to see what is en vogue and write a book of it.... It is a living. When the Da Vinci code was written it was a craze everyone had to write the idiot's guide to the code, how to interpret the code etc etc.... I am not surprised of a book like this and certainly there is no accounting for integrity or lack thereof... people write for years even for the NY times before others discover their plagiarism.... or in this case the secret agenda.... before long we will all be drafted to support capitalistic oligarchies err democracy abroad...
 All I can say is pass me some aspirin. This is a dozy of a bad novel. As it says on the dust jacket, a Supreme Court law clerk grabs a petition and ends up becoming deceased. Its up to the brother to uncover the truth by finding the real killer who had let a poor black man rot away for a crime he did not commit. At the same time the brother contends with mysterious bad guys out to get him and stop the unearthing of the evidence. Not only does he deal with his family, but his brothers friend, a sexy young law clerk herself and the duplicity on the bench she works for.All I can say is pass me some aspirin. This is a dozy of a bad novel. As it says on the dust jacket, a Supreme Court law clerk grabs a petition and ends up becoming deceased. Its up to the brother to uncover the truth by finding the real killer who had let a poor black man rot away for a crime he did not commit. At the same time the brother contends with mysterious bad guys out to get him and stop the unearthing of the evidence. Not only does he deal with his family, but his brothers friend, a sexy young law clerk herself and the duplicity on the bench she works for.And that's only the start of the plot. And that's only the start of the plot. Its really pretty bad, it descends into mired pretensions and goofy resolutions. The characters are so shallow that you are left with little notion of who they are except for a faint nasty after taste over their conceded ways. Baldacci is along with James Patterson and Dean Koontz one of America's worst authors. If you want an author who writes on a similar vein to this, try one of Harlan Coben's last four or so stand alone thrillers with out the character Myron Bolitar in it. Or for a more sophisticated read, look for Denis Lehane, he wrote the amazing Mystic River, but his PI series located in Boston is pretty good as well.
 I must say that after reading this book, I am more confused than ever as to the origins of the war between Japan and the US.The book starts in 1936, although most knowledgable people know that the march to war really began with the Japanese seizure of Manchuria in 1932.  The author continually repeats the refrain that "Americans don't understand the Japanese mentality and culture", and it was this "misunderstanding" that led to the war.It is true that Toland defines the Japanese term "gekokujo" as being some sort of "insubordination" that led to the Kwantung Army to feel it could move, presumably without orders from Tokyo, into Manchuria. However, Toland does not explain how this could happen. There is little description of the power structure in Japan, we do know that there was some attempt to create parliamentary democracy, but there were also the giant oligarchs who had much power, plus the military hierarchy.  Somehow, the military took control in the 1930's, but Toland doesn't really say how.   He describes in detail the "2/26" Uprising of young officers in 1936, and how they were willing to kill without compunction, and how fanatical they were, yet we are then told that they OPPOSED expansion into China, and that the repression of this coup attempt would lead to an expanded war in China.  I must say I don't understand this at all...Toland potrays them as militaristic fanatics, yet they seem to be "the good guys".  Weren't those who supported expansion into China also militaristic fanatics?  This is left totally unexplained.Toland then goes on to describe the fatal "Incident at the Marco Polo Bridge" in 1937 near Peking (Beijing) which led to the full-scale invasion of China.  Toland says the government in Tokyo, again, had nothing to do with it, in fact both the Chinese and Japanese commanders on the spot tried to calm things down, but some undefined "hotheads" (possibly Chinese Communists) kept inflaming the situation. Somehow (without Toland telling us how), a decision is made by someone (not necessarily the "peace-loving" Japanese Prime Minister Prince Konoye) to mount a full-scale invasion of China.  An impression is left by Toland that the Chinese, particulary, the Koumintang government of Chiang Kai-shek was provocative and unreasonable.  All I know is thatthat Marco Polo Bridge is within China, and it is understandablethat the Chinese would resent the Japanese military presence there.After this, we move on to the atrocities of the "Rape of Nanking", which again, according to Toland, "somehow" happens, (Toland does admit that there were atrocities and between 200,000 and 300,000 Chinese were butchered by their "brother Asians" who claimed to be liberating them(?)). Toland says the Japanese commander at Nanking did not order any such behavior, nor again, did the government in Tokyo.  How then do thousandsof supposedly disciplined Japanese troops suddenly get it into their heads to do such things?  Toland doesn't give us a clue, other than his general statement that "westerners don't understand the Japanese". Toland also, in a way, tries to claim that Western opposition to Japanese expansion into China was "hypocritical" because of Western Colonialism in East Asia(US in the Philippines; Britain in Hong Kong, Malaya, Burma, India; Dutch in East Indies; French in Indochina), however, by the 1930's the US had already agreed to give the Philippinesindependence and the British were beginning to wind down the Raj in India was setting up an autonomous Indian government, so it wasapparent that Colonialism was already on its way out before the war. All this makes me wonder about the various things he says in the book, and I would look for a better source on the tragic history of this period. I have read his books on the end of both World War I and World War II which are much better, so that adds to my disappointment
 The book is chock full of examples and anecdotes but really has no new worthwhile conceptualizations or insights to make it worth reading.  If you don't know anything about database marketing, then you will get something out of this book.  If you are familiar with the basic concepts of customer database analysis, loyalty programs and relationship marketing, there is nothing new here.  In fact a much better introduction to all those concepts is The Loyalty Effect by Reichenheld or Customer Connections by Wayland and Cole.  The subtitle mentions the dot com world, but the book has little to say about the Internet.  The book really does not cover CRMs (as oppsed to database marketing) in that it fails describe how CRM systems work and what database, modeling and communications platforms are required to implement them
 Oh.... my.... God!!!! There is another Patricia Kennealy running mad through the streets and shouting about high schoolish love fantasies that exist only in her mind. I thought one Patricia was enough. But after reading this book, I am faced with the frightening realization that there are TWO of them!Oh.... my.... God!!!! There is another Patricia Kennealy running mad through the streets and shouting about high schoolish love fantasies that exist only in her mind. I thought one Patricia was enough. But after reading this book, I am faced with the frightening realization that there are TWO of them!Also, what I find very disturbing is that this version of Patricia may be even daffier than the original version. After reading just 6 or 7 pages of this hallucination horror show it was evident to me that the author is suffering from a case of Patriciaitis and a dose of Kennealyism.Also, what I find very disturbing is that this version of Patricia may be even daffier than the original version. After reading just 6 or 7 pages of this hallucination horror show it was evident to me that the author is suffering from a case of Patriciaitis and a dose of Kennealyism.By the 40th page I was searching for my red slippers so I could click them together and get back to Kansas. Or anywhere else, as long as my copy of this book didn't make the trip with me. A pack of lies and a waste of paper and time. I would rather read Mary Poppins than wade through this endless journey of rubble.
 A rather toothless attempt at rewriting Strunk and White, or Chicago into &quot;fun.&quot; Reference books shouldn't waste this much space on casual conversation. Get to the point--get Elements of Style, Elements of Grammar, and Chicago rather than this handbook
 This textbook is more useful for the flashy (and admittedly very good) teacher's ancillaries. But this review is not for the ancillaries. It is for the text itself.This textbook is more useful for the flashy (and admittedly very good) teacher's ancillaries. But this review is not for the ancillaries. It is for the text itself.The text's treatment of proofs is very cursory and not rigorous enough. The diagrams for the algebraic problems are too confusing, compiling numerous different concepts into one problem. While I agree that students must learn to differentiate one property/theorem/rule/postulate from another, it doesn't make sense that most, instead of some, diagrams are over-complicated. Personally, I don't like the format with the examples, mainly because it downplays the necessity for students to become LITERATE in math, not just a good "example comparer." The text has little actual TEXT to speak of.The text's treatment of proofs is very cursory and not rigorous enough. The diagrams for the algebraic problems are too confusing, compiling numerous different concepts into one problem. While I agree that students must learn to differentiate one property/theorem/rule/postulate from another, it doesn't make sense that most, instead of some, diagrams are over-complicated. Personally, I don't like the format with the examples, mainly because it downplays the necessity for students to become LITERATE in math, not just a good "example comparer." The text has little actual TEXT to speak of.I have not been teaching HS for very long, but I do not like this book. I am not a textbook dependent teacher, but I do (woefully) recognize that students have poor study skills and don't reference notes all the time. I do not teach out of the textbook and I spend many hours planning lessons, lecture notes, my own examples, etc. I had many complaints that the problems were confusing, included too many ideas at the same time, etc. Some may be successful in "teaching themselves" from the examples, but I am very disappointed that textbooks no longer have TEXT. I may be a math teacher, but I understand the importance of reading and how it helps a person to process the material. I have not been teaching HS for very long, but I do not like this book. I am not a textbook dependent teacher, but I do (woefully) recognize that students have poor study skills and don't reference notes all the time. I do not teach out of the textbook and I spend many hours planning lessons, lecture notes, my own examples, etc. I had many complaints that the problems were confusing, included too many ideas at the same time, etc. Some may be successful in "teaching themselves" from the examples, but I am very disappointed that textbooks no longer have TEXT. I may be a math teacher, but I understand the importance of reading and how it helps a person to process the material. On the other hand, the teacher resources is a great set of worksheets, study masters, note taking guides, etc. Perhaps the authors spent more time on those resources instead of the text.
 The prologue of this book lead me to believe this was going to be a very touching love story of a woman losing the love of her life and finding love again.  I was disappointed, soon after, when it turned into a gardening manual and a tale about ghosts, with a sort of haphazard romance thrown in the middle-and then even that was disappointing.  I mean Graceland for a first date?  I noticed a lot of similarities between Roz and the mayor in Northern Lights, and Logan and Nate from that same book.  None of them can talk in complete sentences.  And Stella, who comes across as this loving mother, who puts her kids before anything else, works from sun up to sun down and is so smug that she thinks the whole business is going to come crashing down around everybody if she isn't there to oversee everything, even though the place has been successful for years.  There is no addressing the issue of moving on with her life after the death of her husband, she just does it. Unless, of course, it was in the last 50 pages which I didn't bother to read because I just couldn't torture myself any longer.  And I'm a big fan of Roberts.  I love her Quinn brothers books and a lot of her other work.  But this just stunk because I could really care less who the ghost is going to turn out to be.  I'm certainly not going to suffer through the last two books to find out.
 This book has taken photo after photo straight out of the Ikea catalogue! Obviously, the authors have decided that they have nothing to offer and opt instead to refer to Ikea's design and storage ideas. This book actually put me in a bad mood. Listen up folks, THE IKEA CATALOGUE IS FREE. Do yourselves a favour and pick one up, because none of these so-called "organization" books have anything to teach you that cannot be found at your local Ikea store. These authors should be fired. Shame on both of them
 Not insightful, not even humorous. I am willing to admit that maybe I just don't get his writing style, whatever that might be. I hope Mr. Rakoff gets into a new line of wor
 Ridiculous, convoluted and unresolved plot with main characters that have become predictable and boring. Ridiculous, convoluted and unresolved plot with main characters that have become predictable and boring. Did Cornwell even write this one herself? If so, she missed a glaring discrepancy when she proofread: On page 216 Marino remembers Mrs. Paulsson greeting him at the door "wearing jeans and a soft pink sweater", but later when he tells Scarpetta what happened during his visit to the house he describes her as having worn black books and a camouflage shirt when she opened the door.Did Cornwell even write this one herself? If so, she missed a glaring discrepancy when she proofread: On page 216 Marino remembers Mrs. Paulsson greeting him at the door "wearing jeans and a soft pink sweater", but later when he tells Scarpetta what happened during his visit to the house he describes her as having worn black books and a camouflage shirt when she opened the door.Perhaps it was the author's attempt to let readers think Marino only imagined the pink sweater scenario because he was too ashamed to remember what really happened. However, to this reader it comes across simply as a mistake the author forgot to go back and correct
 When I reviewed THE STREET LAWYER recently, I mentioned that I've never put down a Grisham unfinished and that we should throw the man some props. For that book, certainly. For this one, nope. I read four chapters, 41 of its 391 pages, and gave up totally unengaged and uncaring about any of his characters or his plot. I hope he just had an off day or something, and that what he wrote later got back to what makes him so readable.
 I'm thankful that I was able to get this book at the library and didn't spend $15.00 buying it.  I own The Blue Day Book by the same author and I think it's fantastic and it cheers me up right away.  He should have stopped with that book. It claims to be a witty, thought-provoking book that makes an ideal gift for anyone who's seeking their true purpose and wants to laugh along the way.  The only thing this book has going for it is the amazing animal pictures.  It did have one thought that I really liked:  &quot;Some people say that life is all about acquiring knowledge.  If that's true, then why do smart people dress so badly?&quot
 I liked most of Jo Beverly's books.  In fact, she is one of my favorite romance writers.  That's why it's hard to believe she could write something so boring and contrived.  The premise -- saving an opium addict--- is good.  One could expect a lot of turmoil between the lovers.  But no -- it's all pretty smooth. The passion is tepid and not much else happens.  A series of "Rogues" from previous books is paraded before the reader without really adding to the story.  And the conversations are so boring that I simply had to skip them.  I guess this may be enjoyable to new romance readers who do not know better or hard core Beverly fans
 I liked most of Jo Beverly's books.  In fact, she is one of my favorite romance writers.  That's why it's hard to believe she could write something so boring and contrived.  The premise -- saving an opium addict--- is good.  One could expect a lot of turmoil between the lovers.  But no -- it's all pretty smooth. The passion is tepid and not much else happens.  A series of "Rogues" from previous books is paraded before the reader without really adding to the story.  And the conversations are so boring that I simply had to skip them.  I guess this may be enjoyable to new romance readers who do not know better or hard core Beverly fansHow the Other Half Lives was written over a century ago as an expose' of the appalling living conditions in the tenements of New York City. The author speaks with a crusader's zeal and with so much detail that the reader can visualize these tenements, these streets, and these people as if they were living today. This is a grim and moving portrayal of the lives of the men, the women and the children that inhabit these loathsome neighborhoods of New York City in the late 1800s.  He so graphically describes the filth, the sunless and airless rooms, the crowding, and the starvation that these places palpably exist for the reader and bring a chill to any heart.  Riis has a genuine concern for the tenement situation and understands these people's plight. His pictures are touching and meant to vividly show their misery. He, for the most part, blames the money-hungry landlords for these crowded conditions: "How shall the love of God be understood by those who have been nurtured in sight only of the greed of man." (p. 266). He laments that the tenement is three quarters responsible for the misery of the poor. Then, after his extensive discourse, he offers three concrete cures for these dreadful conditions, something that many authors forget when they are enlightening readers. Riis states his purpose for writing this book himself on page 297 when he says, "If this book shall have borne ever so feeble a hand in garnering a harvest of justice, it has served its purpose." The author apparently succeeded with his purpose, because in the flyleaf of this book the publisher tells us: "This book helped bring about new revisions in the housing codes of the major U. S. cities."How does this book relate to adult education? By moving chronologically from the founding of America to the slums of NYC in the 1800s, are we to understand that education took a back seat to the accumulation of money during those hundred years? Certainly Riis posits that education is one of the solutions to this problem while at the same time implying that wealth accumulation and the lack of education has been the cause of this problem.  "Thus the whole matter resolves itself once more into a question of education, all the more urgent because these people are poor, miserably poor almost to a man." (p. 147). He does not forget that this "education" is not only for the poor people, but also for the wealthy landlords. "Clearly, it is a matter of education on the part of the landlord no less than the tenant." (p. 270). Riis' almost missionary language exhorts us to never allow greed to override a compassion for humanity.  "It is a fight in which eternal vigilance is truly the price of liberty and the preservation of society." (p. 233). The relation of this book to the other units of study in this course could be explained as an example of how low mankind can descend if education is not considered one of the major cornerstones of a society.Although this book was exhaustive in its detail, it was easy to read while at the same time enlightening. I found myself enjoying the ranting tone and the fascinating lists of neighborhoods and the labels that Riis used for the different races. In a sense it reads like a Ginsberg poem; constantly hitting the reader with melodious lists of places and people from another era. Read these geographic names out loud and feel their rhythm:Jewtown, Bandit's Roost, Double Alley, The Bowery, The Bloody Sixth Ward, The Fourth, Fifth and Tenth Wards,  Blindman's Alley, The Bend, The Battery, Little Italy, The French Quarter, Hell's Kitchen, The West Side, Bottle Alley, Frog Hollow, Poverty Gap, Murderer's Alley, Gotham Court, The Old Brewery, Old Africa, Potter's Field, Blackwell's Island Asylum, Rogues' Gallery, Penitentiary Row, Chinatown. The list goes on. To someone reared in rural America, this chant sounds like a song about another country.  Riis also has something to say about all the races of people that live in the tenements of New York City: Chinaman (he can't be taught), (Chinese (coolie--laundry business), Polish Jew (coops himself up in his den with his thermometer at boiling), Russian Jew, Jew (money is their God), Bohemian (poor, but thrifty), Blacks (like to gamble, but they are clean), Greek, Hebrews (tailors, all of them), Dutchman, Irish (like to drink and have expensive funerals), German (order loving), Swiss, Pasquales, Russian, Italian (a born gambler; lighthearted and gay), Swamp Angel (thieves), Street Arabs (army of homeless boys), Tramps and Toughs (the world owes them a living),and the Celtics. I was enthralled by the street lingo and the colloquialisms and Riis' comments about every race. I noticed one interesting similarity between the late 1800s and the present day. Riis says that the gap between the social classes is widening everyday. I hear people talking about the growing differences between the rich and the poor often these days. Does every generation think that is happening in their time? Not only should this book be used by people researching New York City`s tenements, but it should also be read by everyone seeking a blueprint for social change. It is a reminder to show us how hopeless the human circumstances can become when man's greed overrides his concern for human dignity. Not only should this book be used by people researching New York City`s tenements, but it should also be read by everyone seeking a blueprint for social change. It is a reminder to show us how hopeless the human circumstances can become when man's greed overrides his concern for human dignity. Not only should this book be used by people researching New York City`s tenements, but it should also be read by everyone seeking a blueprint for social change. It is a reminder to show us how hopeless the human circumstances can become when man's greed overrides his concern for human dignity. Not only should this book be used by people researching New York City`s tenements, but it should also be read by everyone seeking a blueprint for social change. It is a reminder to show us how hopeless the human circumstances can become when man's greed overrides his concern for human dignity. 
 The package the book came in was smashed. The book appeared as if it had been used. It took over 2 weeks for it to arrive. I wouldn't order any books from amazon agai
 Spend your money elsewhere. For someone who supposedly lives in the vicinity of Yellowstone he knows and sees little. To anyone who steps outside of the sealed up world of their car and even casually looks, the senses are all brought to life with sights sounds, smells, temperatures, textures and colors.  Cahill does not inform. He is not even a very good writer, for if he were, he'd do the same thing I did, huck the book into the trash. Go to Yellowstone yourself and hang out the windows of your car and even that simple pleasure will tell you how inadequate this book really is.
 Got this book for my oldest daughter about a week ago and she reports the binding is very bad. Pages are falling out
 I recently read "I", "K", and "L" in succession.  Compared to "Innocent" and "Killer", I found Lawless to be slow paced (even though this edition finds Kinsey spontaneously traveling across the country) and the plot twists less surprising.  With others I've read in the series, I am usually hooked relatively early in the story line.  I was 1/3 of the way through this iteration before becoming mildly interested in the outcome.  Even the subplots were not overly attention grabbing (Kinsey has little contact with immediate family, ergo she substitutes others in her life--Henry, Rosie, Pitt family, the criminal elements in this book--as her family...).  I also found it hard to believe that some of the characters that appear in "L" could be so dim-witted on one page, and great possessors of vast knowledge with incredible powers of deduction on the next.  Anyway, there are others in this series I would recommend more highly ("M" being one of them)
 I had to read this book for an Intro to Geology course, and although I find geology to be fascinating, I had a very difficult time following this book.  The author uses a lot of technical vocabulary and is rather repetitious.  Although I understood what McPhee was talking about most of the time, I think it would have made a better film documentary than a book.  The author constantly went off on tangents and the overal organization of the book did not appeal to me at all. . .it would be more readable if written as a field journal because I could not even figure out when one day turned into another.  But the book did a decent job of presenting the bigger picture
 Samantha seems a lot like Becky.  A young woman whose life is very out of balance and doesn't know how to face up to the consequences of her decisions.  Instead of staying at the firm and working out her "mistake," she runs away.  This is just like Becky hiding her bills.  And then she gets a totally implausible job, because she can't tell the truth - again like Becky.  Samantha doesn't tell the truth until the very end when the media coverage forces her to.Samantha seems a lot like Becky.  A young woman whose life is very out of balance and doesn't know how to face up to the consequences of her decisions.  Instead of staying at the firm and working out her "mistake," she runs away.  This is just like Becky hiding her bills.  And then she gets a totally implausible job, because she can't tell the truth - again like Becky.  Samantha doesn't tell the truth until the very end when the media coverage forces her to.I agree that the firm would never have taken her back; they probably would have viewed her as a former lawyer who had a nervous breakdown and was in need of psychiatric care.  Samatha, like Becky at times, seems somewhat manic, in that she's frantic somtimes and makes major life decisions on impulse in a state of agitation.  just like Becky when she rushes after her sister on a hike for which she is totally unprepared.  Lithium, anyone?I agree that the firm would never have taken her back; they probably would have viewed her as a former lawyer who had a nervous breakdown and was in need of psychiatric care.  Samatha, like Becky at times, seems somewhat manic, in that she's frantic somtimes and makes major life decisions on impulse in a state of agitation.  just like Becky when she rushes after her sister on a hike for which she is totally unprepared.  Lithium, anyone?I don't have an opinion on the housewife/lawyer "controversy," but I do think Kinsella's protagonists need to grow up
 This is the first book I've ever returned. While a lot of what she does is admirable and does work (the "You" form instead of "Lord/He" works very well), two things make it unusable: constant use of "Beloved" for the word "God" or "Lord" becomes irritating very quickly, and she subjectively pops out the word "enemies" wherever it appears and puts in "fears." I wouldn't dare tell someone with AIDS or a refuge or whomever that their only enemy is their own fears, and even for others such overpersonalization doesn't work. The classic 137th Psalm was unrecognizable -- where did the dolphins come from
 Bad paper, Old advice. Just plain awful and a waste of Money.
 Of the thousands of books I've read in my life, and the hundreds I've actually purchased from Amazon.com, this is the first time I've felt strongly enough about a book to write any sort of review.Of the thousands of books I've read in my life, and the hundreds I've actually purchased from Amazon.com, this is the first time I've felt strongly enough about a book to write any sort of review.I kept waiting for the author to get to the point.  He rambled and meandered and didn't tell me anything new whatsoever.  He used the words "alchemy" and "alchemists" in almost every single paragraph of the book.I kept waiting for the author to get to the point.  He rambled and meandered and didn't tell me anything new whatsoever.  He used the words "alchemy" and "alchemists" in almost every single paragraph of the book.Skip this book - you'll get MUCH more out of the "Cosmic Trigger" series, "Quantum Psychology", or "Prometheus Rising" by R.A. Wilson. 
 Just not my cup of tea.  Well written but as I said not my cup of tea..I will not purchase the others in the series
 Three things make me better than Sean Hannity:1) I was actually in the US Military2) I graduated college, unlike Sean3) I don't believe that everybody who votes a certain way is a loser, or hates America.Sean Hannity is a bunch of hot air. Just watch him on FoxNews, or listen to him for one hour. He is yet another of the current line of conservative commentators who believes that all people who vote Democrat hate their country and hate all Republicans.Sean - stop labeling everybody. Every American has their own opinion
 I bought this book 2 years ago - almost to the day...I have the receipt stuck in the book...I can only seem to force myself to get to page 50 and then I just can't stomach anymore and I put it down for 2 more years. Maybe this is a piece of art. Something to be treasured and something that should change your life. But pleasure reading shouldn't be this painful. I wish the store would take it back - but I think I've probably had it for too long
 The first book of Auster's New York trilogy was originally published in 1985, and in 1994 was adapted into this graphic novel. I've never read the original (or any of the other parts of the trilogy), so I can't comment on Karasik and Mazzicchelli's adaptation. However, I can say that since I'm not particularly fond of existentialist or postmodernist literature (those two terms being the most common critical shorthand for Auster's story), this really didn't do anything for me at all. The story is basically an exercise in metafiction, and if you like that stuff, great -- I do not. It is dressed up (at least initially) in the mystery genre, but that's just window dressing. (There's a long legacy, especially in France, of cloaking novels and films of ideas in genre trappings (for example Alain Robbe-Grillet's two books The Erasers and The Voyeur, or the films of Jean-Pierre Melville.)The first book of Auster's New York trilogy was originally published in 1985, and in 1994 was adapted into this graphic novel. I've never read the original (or any of the other parts of the trilogy), so I can't comment on Karasik and Mazzicchelli's adaptation. However, I can say that since I'm not particularly fond of existentialist or postmodernist literature (those two terms being the most common critical shorthand for Auster's story), this really didn't do anything for me at all. The story is basically an exercise in metafiction, and if you like that stuff, great -- I do not. It is dressed up (at least initially) in the mystery genre, but that's just window dressing. (There's a long legacy, especially in France, of cloaking novels and films of ideas in genre trappings (for example Alain Robbe-Grillet's two books The Erasers and The Voyeur, or the films of Jean-Pierre Melville.)The story begins fairly straightforwardly: a reclusive writer of potboiler mysteries named Daniel Quinn lives in New York on his own since the death of his wife and son. A complete stranger calls him and thinks Quinn is a private detective named Paul Auster and begs him to to take his case. (The writer Paul Auster, and his family, shows up for one scene -- it's that kind of book.) Quinn meets with the strange man, who was raised in rather harrowing circumstances by his professor father, who was seeking to discover the true language of God. The father has been released from jail and Quinn is supposed to keep an eye on him and report. Everything starts to derail when he loses track of both the old man he's been following, and his clients. He spends several months watching the building and going crazy. Once he realizes they've disappeared, he finds his own life has disappeared as well. Obviously this is all somewhat about identity, but it's more about fun stuff like language, representation, and other tiresome postmodern subjects (as are the other two parts of the trilogy, which involve a man spying on someone, and yet another disappearance). The story begins fairly straightforwardly: a reclusive writer of potboiler mysteries named Daniel Quinn lives in New York on his own since the death of his wife and son. A complete stranger calls him and thinks Quinn is a private detective named Paul Auster and begs him to to take his case. (The writer Paul Auster, and his family, shows up for one scene -- it's that kind of book.) Quinn meets with the strange man, who was raised in rather harrowing circumstances by his professor father, who was seeking to discover the true language of God. The father has been released from jail and Quinn is supposed to keep an eye on him and report. Everything starts to derail when he loses track of both the old man he's been following, and his clients. He spends several months watching the building and going crazy. Once he realizes they've disappeared, he finds his own life has disappeared as well. Obviously this is all somewhat about identity, but it's more about fun stuff like language, representation, and other tiresome postmodern subjects (as are the other two parts of the trilogy, which involve a man spying on someone, and yet another disappearance). It has to be said that the artwork does an admirable job of treating the bizarro world Auster has thrust his characters into. The simple, heavy black and white inking is a perfect match to the material, especially when the representations become less literal and more symbolic. However, if your taste runs more toward things like plots and characters, this is probably not for you. Fans of Auster may enjoy this, but fans of the graphic novel form are probably going to be much less keen.
 Paul Auster's City of Glass is perhaps the worst read I've experienced.  The story moves at a pace that would make a snail envious; the murder mystery plot is as thin as air and hardly resolves itself; we spend way too many waking hours with the main character sulking around his apartment staring into a toilet bowl in which he has just defficated--I kid you not.  The best part of this novel is the end.  I read with fervor to get to the end in hopes that the author would have the talent to tie everything together and make this experience somewhat valid; however, I was utterly and discustingly dissapointed beyond my wildest dreams.  To all the reviewers and critics who claim this book is a metaphysical, existential tour de-force, I beg wholeheartedly with my very life to differ.  I believe the author had no such thoughts in mind, had no direction when writing this disgrace of a work and it saddens me to see such an unentertaining, dry-dry-dry piece of fiction with one or two not-so-clever plot devices, gather such literary praise.  Like a Rorschach image you can see life, love, death, a myriad of wonderful symbols, and if you would like to believe that the person who put that ink blot on the page intended you to see all of that depth, intepret and dwell in that depth--coming to conclusions and reflecting ultimately on your own life, well, then, good for you.  But in reality, the person that made that Rorschach for you is Auster, and he just ambigoulsy splatted some ink on the novel pages before you with no ryhme or reason and you All bought it...hook line and sinker. This novel is an exercise in an authors ability to take us nowhere, show us little on the way and still receive praise, despite an ending which is refelctive of the entire work, in that it plain and simply: sucks
 This book did not teach me anything and was a waste of money. page 364:  Principles of Long term investing:  "Chapter 8 shows that among the S&P 500 Index returns, large value stocks have a small edge over large growth stocks."  Now look at Chapter 8.  "Of the 10 largest corporations, only 2  (Exxon Mobile and Citigroup) are value stocks."  duuhhh.  Now I know what to do.  I have a choice of two stocks.  If you already know all there is to know about the stockmarket, buy this book and pat yourself on the back for being so smart. If you know little, it won't add to your knowledge at all
 I bought this book to try to learn some useful poses for my subjects, and given most other people's ratings, I decided to give it a try.  However, upon opening the book my first thought was, "these all look like high school yearbook photos", which is exacltly what they are.  It seems that that's primarily what type of photography the author does and his book is geared almost exclusively to that market.  His main concern, which he stresses throughout the book, is creating a "saleable picture", and he keeps emphasizing the importance of pleasing mom, since she's usually the one with final say over the pictures.  A better title for this book would have been, "How To Take High School Senior Pictures".I bought this book to try to learn some useful poses for my subjects, and given most other people's ratings, I decided to give it a try.  However, upon opening the book my first thought was, "these all look like high school yearbook photos", which is exacltly what they are.  It seems that that's primarily what type of photography the author does and his book is geared almost exclusively to that market.  His main concern, which he stresses throughout the book, is creating a "saleable picture", and he keeps emphasizing the importance of pleasing mom, since she's usually the one with final say over the pictures.  A better title for this book would have been, "How To Take High School Senior Pictures".Even then, most of the pictures are not very good, both in their original execution and in their print quality for this book. In addition, the poses are unnatural and awkward looking, and the book is filled with typos and grammatical errors.Even then, most of the pictures are not very good, both in their original execution and in their print quality for this book. In addition, the poses are unnatural and awkward looking, and the book is filled with typos and grammatical errors.To be fair, the author does suggest some useful basics of things to do and things not to do when posing a subject, but there is really very little useful information here.To be fair, the author does suggest some useful basics of things to do and things not to do when posing a subject, but there is really very little useful information here.So, if you're interested in learning how to take pictures that look like a Sears portrait, this may be the book for you.  However, if you really want to learn some useful techniques for posing your subjects in a more natural or more artistic manner, I'd steer clear of this book
 Ehrman's work is not for a person of faith. It does not take faith into consideration. It is a wonderful research project based on limited documents available - most forged and falsified; and none which can be validated. I read it as an immediate follow-up to his work "Lost Scriptures" - Books that did not make it into the New Testament. I was warned by my minister who is also a Bible scholar and has two Ph.D.'s - and my minister was correct. In Lost Christianities, Ehrman seems to make an effort to discredit our current books of the New Testament by implying that many New Testament books may be false, forged, translated incorrectly, altered to serve a purpose, etc... Ehrman clearly attempts to form a relationship between the New Testament books to those falsified books that did not get into the New Testament. Ehrman's Lost Christianities starts out strong, but ends weak to the point of losing and disinteresting the reader. If for nothing else, it is an attempt to test your faith, but in the end your faith will be strenghtened - if you have faith. The book leads one to believe that the author is as much a Bible critic as he claims to be a scholar. He does present all sides of the New Testament story and it is interesting how the New Testament was formed. However, the lack of confirmed and validated documents will lead one to begin to question if Ehrman is accurate or merely sensationalizing much like the media does. To save you the time and money, simply let your faith answer any questions you may have on the validity of the New Testament and how came to be. Ehrman and other Bible critics (ie., The DeVinci Code) seem to be profiting by creating questions about the truth and validity of the New Testament story. Save your money and give it to your church instead. Gary
 I'm a Conan Doyle fan and found The Alienist to be a pretty good read, so I made the unfortunate mistake of buying this book in softcover without taking a gander inside. Carr seems to think he can ride his reputation for 316 pages without putting much thought into whether anyone along for the trip will get some enjoyment out of it. The dialogue is flat, the plot uncompelling and Carr relies on the near-endless use of exclamation points to inject some excitement!!! into this tale, which left me skipping pages at a time as it neared its conclusion because I couldn't bear to read the mangled sentences. This book has no climax -- just, thankfully, an ending. Spend your money on something worth reading.
 I had read all about FSM before picking up this book and bought it as more of a conversation piece.I had read all about FSM before picking up this book and bought it as more of a conversation piece.Well, suffice to say this will never get any space with my other books as it is very poorly put together.Well, suffice to say this will never get any space with my other books as it is very poorly put together.Flimsy cover, flimsy pages, it's put together about as well as a children's coloring book.Flimsy cover, flimsy pages, it's put together about as well as a children's coloring book.I too was fooled by the default picture, I thought it was a nice hard cover with a bookmark ribbon like other "religious" texts.I too was fooled by the default picture, I thought it was a nice hard cover with a bookmark ribbon like other "religious" texts.Nothing could be further from the truth.Nothing could be further from the truth.Hey Amazon, change the default picture to the one which shows the book as is, a flimsy cover with a picture of a hard cover on it
 Nansook Hong paints a painful picture of her marriage to HyoJin Moon, but she does not own up to the full truth of her parents' machinations to get her married into the Moon family. Eyewitnesses tell of Nansook visiting the Moon household and knowing full well of HyoJin's excesses in advance of her marriage. The Hongs wanted desperately for their family to be entwined with the Moon family, and after arranging for one child to be wed to the first Moon daughter, they pushed Nansook to marry a Moon son. Though I don't know all the motives, the point is that there was an agenda behind her marriage and probably this book that Ms. Hong has not been honest about. It is only too easy to paint an unflattering portrait of Rev Moon and his wife but at least some of this is suspect, given her own deceit
 Normally, I find it hard to put a Sue Grafton book down once I get started. Not the case with "S". I did not enjoy the plot about Violet and her abusive husand.  The main character Violet was too much of a stereotype - boobs, red hair, just a boozing slut over all.  I didn't get the whole thing about her brother and why he disliked her. The ending wasn't clear either. I did like the development of the relationships with the young girls exposing jealousy and how it ruined relationships over several decades. Most of the characters just weren't that interesting overall.Normally, I find it hard to put a Sue Grafton book down once I get started. Not the case with "S". I did not enjoy the plot about Violet and her abusive husand.  The main character Violet was too much of a stereotype - boobs, red hair, just a boozing slut over all.  I didn't get the whole thing about her brother and why he disliked her. The ending wasn't clear either. I did like the development of the relationships with the young girls exposing jealousy and how it ruined relationships over several decades. Most of the characters just weren't that interesting overall.I missed her interactions with Rosie the restaurant owner and her neighbor, the handsome 80 year old baker Henry. Usually, there is an interesting man in the picture too - not here. I would vote pass on this one.
 So, being a fan of all forms of literature, more specifically challenging[faulkner], pretentious[d.h. lawrence] and original[kafka] works, I was surprised at how long it took me to get around to reading what's considered Pynchon's most imporant work.So, being a fan of all forms of literature, more specifically challenging[faulkner], pretentious[d.h. lawrence] and original[kafka] works, I was surprised at how long it took me to get around to reading what's considered Pynchon's most imporant work.Important 40 years ago, perhaps, but the test of time has totally obliterated the supposed wit in this one.  Oh man, the radio station is KCUF, boy, that's incredibly clever, I bet it's, like, something spelled backwards.  I fully understand what Pynchon was trying to accomplish with this work, to skewer extreme right wing nut jobs, among other things, all while giving us a story with no particular plot, no moral, no message.  I can understand it, but it doesn't mean it's worth my time, I didn't even finish it.  I read about half and then just dropped it to the floor.Important 40 years ago, perhaps, but the test of time has totally obliterated the supposed wit in this one.  Oh man, the radio station is KCUF, boy, that's incredibly clever, I bet it's, like, something spelled backwards.  I fully understand what Pynchon was trying to accomplish with this work, to skewer extreme right wing nut jobs, among other things, all while giving us a story with no particular plot, no moral, no message.  I can understand it, but it doesn't mean it's worth my time, I didn't even finish it.  I read about half and then just dropped it to the floor.I've read in numerous reviews of Haruki Murakami's work that he's a latter day, Japanese, Pynchon.  I don't agree, Murakami's ability to create a surreal dream-like atmosphere is amazing, Pynchon is a hack
 This smugly-edited series has become a dreary example of careerist nepotism and features mainly short stories with linebreaks and jokey poems that are not funny. This smugly-edited series has become a dreary example of careerist nepotism and features mainly short stories with linebreaks and jokey poems that are not funny. Some choice awful lines: Some choice awful lines: Denise Duhamel: "Don't give into your cravings, you need to stay lean / So you can lift up your skirt as you prance and twirl..."Denise Duhamel: "Don't give into your cravings, you need to stay lean / So you can lift up your skirt as you prance and twirl..."Kim Addonizio: "Better dead then fed. / He who laughs will not last. / Sticks and stones will break you,"Kim Addonizio: "Better dead then fed. / He who laughs will not last. / Sticks and stones will break you,"Thomas Lux: "that the eyes be gouged out / and replaced by hot coals / in the head, _the blockhead_,/ of each countrymen or woman who, / upon reaching their majority, / has yet to read MOBY DICK..."Thomas Lux: "that the eyes be gouged out / and replaced by hot coals / in the head, _the blockhead_,/ of each countrymen or woman who, / upon reaching their majority, / has yet to read MOBY DICK..."Most of the poems herein, besides Franz Wright and Paul Violi among a scattered few, would have been better off as just titles than full poems. The big name poets featured have generally written better poems, the younger poets all seem to have some connection to the New School. It's incredibly disappointing: THE BEST AMERICAN POETRY 2006 could have been so much more. Instead, *it's* a joke
 I thought this book was going to be a great Legal Thriller, but little did I know that it would turn out to be the worst book I have ever read. I expected a lot more out of Scott Turow, who wrote "One L", which I loved, but this book was plan boring. The begining started out slow and it never picked up from there! The worst Legal Thriller, ever
 From about the second page of this book, I was shaking my head in disbelief that anyone would publish it. The characters and their relationships are so poorly developed you are left with a blur of images lacking connection to one another. Add to that the stereotypical characters (the men are all violent and lusting either for girls or boys, the women are all "large-assed" or fat with the exception of Ella).  And the gratuitous sentence or two at the end of each section about various characters' sexual proclivities was so completely dumb, not to mention kind of repulsive (I like a good sex scene as much as the next person, but Tuck's descriptions are completely banal). Oh wait, there's more. The Spanish is ATROCIOUS. It's hard to believe that Tuck had a translator for this book. It's pretty clear that whoever copy edited it neither reads nor writes nor speaks Spanish. Half the names are grammatically incorrect. Many of the words are just plain wrong ("vita" means life in Italian, not Spanish, for starters). I felt embarrased for the author. Does she know that her book is full of errors?The one word that comes to mind when thinking about this book is: SHALLOW. I sincerely hope that readers don't mistake this book for historical fiction. The author clearly knows little about Paraguay and its people and history, and clearly doesn't care, from her superficial treatment of it.
 i was disappointed after this book was suggested to me. nothing ever happens. there are a lot of long winded descriptions and background and very little story
 I agree with another reviewer who said the book was unnecessarily long.  Genetic Algorithms are a great programming tool, and there are some tips and tricks that can help your programs converge faster and more accurately, but this book had a lot of redundant information.I agree with another reviewer who said the book was unnecessarily long.  Genetic Algorithms are a great programming tool, and there are some tips and tricks that can help your programs converge faster and more accurately, but this book had a lot of redundant information.If you are interested in using GA for solution-finding, I doubt you'll find much useful in this book beyond the first chapter or so.  Many of the examples later in the book were so specific that I couldn't see how they could be usefully generalized.  Really optimizing a GA approach for a specific problem domain takes a fair amount of tuning, and this book won't help much with that.If you are interested in using GA for solution-finding, I doubt you'll find much useful in this book beyond the first chapter or so.  Many of the examples later in the book were so specific that I couldn't see how they could be usefully generalized.  Really optimizing a GA approach for a specific problem domain takes a fair amount of tuning, and this book won't help much with that.I think time spent surfing siteseer or other publication sites would be better spent than reading this book.
 I agree completely with the Becksted review (I also noted that it was helpful, but I meant it would have been helpful had I read it before I bought the CD).I agree completely with the Becksted review (I also noted that it was helpful, but I meant it would have been helpful had I read it before I bought the CD).This refers to the CD version.  I did listen all the way to the end, I kept thinking there was going to be something, but continued to be disappointed.    This refers to the CD version.  I did listen all the way to the end, I kept thinking there was going to be something, but continued to be disappointed.    I found the analogizes to be strained beyond usefulness (evaluating someone's integrity by the size and shape of the wake they create... are their people waterskiing on it?) I found the analogizes to be strained beyond usefulness (evaluating someone's integrity by the size and shape of the wake they create... are their people waterskiing on it?) It seems to be politically incorrect to come out in opposition to "integrity" in this day and age, but frankly this book didn't help me much. It seems to be politically incorrect to come out in opposition to "integrity" in this day and age, but frankly this book didn't help me much. 
 Yes, it was intended as a "fun" read (literature of the absurd?) and it did evoke several chuckles, especially at the first.  But as literature (read into that word what you will) it's an abysmal failure. Crammed with so many jokes, puns, outrageous and over the top dialogue and downright stupid action, one's interest is eventually diverted from the story to the catchy devices. It's a case where you can't see the forest for all the intervening trees. Yes, it was intended as a "fun" read (literature of the absurd?) and it did evoke several chuckles, especially at the first.  But as literature (read into that word what you will) it's an abysmal failure. Crammed with so many jokes, puns, outrageous and over the top dialogue and downright stupid action, one's interest is eventually diverted from the story to the catchy devices. It's a case where you can't see the forest for all the intervening trees. I had expected a "straight" tale similar to the Alienist.  Then when I discovered it was a humorous take on the police procedural I perked up.  It was only after the 100th hyperbole and cutesy 20th century reference that I grew weary of the whole thing.  Toward the end it descended into caricature.  What's sad is that the idea was a good one - maybe the author should stick to SNL and the visual media.  In fact, the book seemed very visual, almost as if the author were transcribing a SNL skit
 I've read most of the books written by Greg Iles. I liked them all except Dead Sleep, which by the way was much better than this one!I've read most of the books written by Greg Iles. I liked them all except Dead Sleep, which by the way was much better than this one!Anyway, despite Dead Sleep, if I see a book by this author I haven't read yet I'd grab them right away without further thinking because I enjoyed the rest of his work very much. Anyway, despite Dead Sleep, if I see a book by this author I haven't read yet I'd grab them right away without further thinking because I enjoyed the rest of his work very much. So, when I bought Sleep No More I was prepared to stay up all night because I was certain it would be thrilling. WRONG!So, when I bought Sleep No More I was prepared to stay up all night because I was certain it would be thrilling. WRONG!The whole Mallory/Eve/Cole/etc thing is just not believable at all even though I set my memory and imagination open as the author suggests. I still laugh when I think of the explanation of how Mallory gets into another person (she has to have sex and have a mindblowing orgasm). I should give Greg Iles some credit for this idea, a stupid one, but creative nonetheless.I still laugh when I think of the explanation of how Mallory gets into another person (she has to have sex and have a mindblowing orgasm). I should give Greg Iles some credit for this idea, a stupid one, but creative nonetheless.As for the characters, I was so appalled by the paranormal plot that I couldn't care less about any of them. I read The Quiet Game and liked it, but the appearance of Penn Cage was just so blah because he's like a cameo in this book and didn't have a character development nor adds anything to this book.As for the characters, I was so appalled by the paranormal plot that I couldn't care less about any of them. I read The Quiet Game and liked it, but the appearance of Penn Cage was just so blah because he's like a cameo in this book and didn't have a character development nor adds anything to this book.In conclusion, I would not recommend this, especially to those who liked other books by Greg Iles. Nevertheless, I'm going to continue to purchase other books by him because I enjoyed his other works very much and strongly believe he is one of the best fiction writers.
 This book tries to convince non-Christian skeptics but seems to spend too much time justifying orthodox perceptions and concepts of prayer and liturgy, without addressing fundamental objections
 This book is poorly written.  Although it is one of the most update-to-date versions out ther, it seems muddled and repetitive.  I was surprised at the number of grammatical mistakes and errors.  Clearly little time was spent editing this book.  I'm not sure how it got to be a New York Times Bestseller, outside of the fact that it is related to Harry Potter.  I'd advise going with a different biography
 by focusing primarily on the history of the swimsuit Pollard's book does not address the larger issue of modesty in public dress as effectively as he might. And while the history of fashion sheds light on fashion, (i.e. swimsuits have observably become skimpier over a century) Pollard can offer no explanation except the caving in of Christian virtue. This is basically saying Christians have lost a culture war without explaining why. by focusing primarily on the history of the swimsuit Pollard's book does not address the larger issue of modesty in public dress as effectively as he might. And while the history of fashion sheds light on fashion, (i.e. swimsuits have observably become skimpier over a century) Pollard can offer no explanation except the caving in of Christian virtue. This is basically saying Christians have lost a culture war without explaining why. While the initial exposition on what the parameters of Christian modesty mean Pollard provides no application for what a suitable example of Christian modesty would be. Furthermore, when push comes to shove he refers to the Westminster Larger Catechism for application rather than sticking to the biblical principles he espoused. Some of his cases are self-defeating. On one hand he notes that garments in biblical periods could be sleeveless and then states that the inexorable decline of swimwear in the west into sluttiness really began when sleeveless swimwear appeared in the mid-19th century.  Props for giving the topic serious consideration but as an exegetical study it is still wanting.While the initial exposition on what the parameters of Christian modesty mean Pollard provides no application for what a suitable example of Christian modesty would be. Furthermore, when push comes to shove he refers to the Westminster Larger Catechism for application rather than sticking to the biblical principles he espoused. Some of his cases are self-defeating. On one hand he notes that garments in biblical periods could be sleeveless and then states that the inexorable decline of swimwear in the west into sluttiness really began when sleeveless swimwear appeared in the mid-19th century.  Props for giving the topic serious consideration but as an exegetical study it is still wanting.On the other hand, it's cheap so if you're not persuaded the research has been effective it won't cost you much
 Hunt this book down.Read "The Bet" (pp. 131-134).Put this book down.Leave the store satisified knowing that you have read the only  humorous story in this collection.Leave the store satisified knowing that you have read the only  humorous story in this collection.Sure you could read some other stories in the book, but they're so terribly unfunny that you will invariably come to hate yourself and everyone around you for being in a store that carries this dreadful book. Sure you could read some other stories in the book, but they're so terribly unfunny that you will invariably come to hate yourself and everyone around you for being in a store that carries this dreadful book. The only way these stories could possibly be funny is if they were somehow adapted for a series of SNL skits, in which McSweeney's unfunniness were somehow reversed by the lens of SNL's unfunniness. Come to think of it, this book is just as awful as SNL, except that you can't change the channel. You're just stuck there on the subway wishing you'd picked up that AM Metro, desperately trying the read the Wall Street Journal (or even the Daily News) over the shoulder of the person next to you. Anything - just anything -  to avoid the tears of boredom that come from reading this garbage.The only way these stories could possibly be funny is if they were somehow adapted for a series of SNL skits, in which McSweeney's unfunniness were somehow reversed by the lens of SNL's unfunniness. Come to think of it, this book is just as awful as SNL, except that you can't change the channel. You're just stuck there on the subway wishing you'd picked up that AM Metro, desperately trying the read the Wall Street Journal (or even the Daily News) over the shoulder of the person next to you. Anything - just anything -  to avoid the tears of boredom that come from reading this garbage.So, If you like late-model SNL and you can read, you may like this. But I doubt it
 Personally I found this book to be little more than a GRE verbal refresher course.  Sure, it is objective and balanced but so impassionate that such a contentious issue seems like nothing.  I think you can strip away emotion from a social problem so much that it creates the question of, well, then, does this really matter?  In my opinion I feel this is what the author has done.  I was really disappointed in this book
 This book may be as well called "the chicken soup for the writing-it-down souls".  The author illustrates her points by telling many uplifting stories.  However, if you are a self-help reader like me who is used to David Allen's "Getting Things Done", you may find that storytelling is distracting and not as convincing as it can
 The book claims to help you:The book claims to help you:1. Say goodbye to aching joints, sagging skin and fatigue2. Improve the quality and function of the genetic material in your cells3. Ramp up your body's self-repair functions4. Increase your stamina, endurance and sex drive5. Dramatically improve your resistance to disease, including cancers6. Have more youthful, radiant skin6. Have more youthful, radiant skinYou don't need to be a cynic to be able to tell that the claims are all inflated. Sure, you'll see some improvement if you have been leading a very unhealthy lifestyle, but for those of us who are already exercising regularly and eating a relatively healthy diet, some of the tips on progressing further to "genetic repair" will sound a bit too good to be true.You don't need to be a cynic to be able to tell that the claims are all inflated. Sure, you'll see some improvement if you have been leading a very unhealthy lifestyle, but for those of us who are already exercising regularly and eating a relatively healthy diet, some of the tips on progressing further to "genetic repair" will sound a bit too good to be true.In fact, most of the advice and recommendations given in the book are not very different from that found in many other books on nutrition and supplement. The authors just gave all the info a "DNA twist". I stopped reading the book a few chapters from the end when it begins to talk about hormonal supplementation and some glowing testimonial on the author's services. All "natural"? No side effects? How long have the subjects been followed up and how long have physicians really practised hormonal therapy on otherwise healthy individuals? The results may be real, but how safe is it for the rest of subject's life?In fact, most of the advice and recommendations given in the book are not very different from that found in many other books on nutrition and supplement. The authors just gave all the info a "DNA twist". I stopped reading the book a few chapters from the end when it begins to talk about hormonal supplementation and some glowing testimonial on the author's services. All "natural"? No side effects? How long have the subjects been followed up and how long have physicians really practised hormonal therapy on otherwise healthy individuals? The results may be real, but how safe is it for the rest of subject's life?Sounds like another one of those practice-promoting books in this genre. Disappointing
 To anyone who has or is planning on reading this book, consider this. This book has a lot of words which feel good and can make anyone's guilty conscience ease in thinking that "your own will is god's own will." (quoted from Walsh's books) If you will it, then God wills it because he loves you and wants you to live in freedom, right? Will is a precursor to action. If there is no such this an a 'right' or 'wrong' will, then in essence there is really no such thing as a 'right' or 'wrong' action. If someone else's actions hurt you, you feel that action is wrong. But the person who hurt you certainly had his feelings for acting that way, right? It was his will, therefore he was justified and right and god's right there to back him up. The victim is suffering. Where is his god when he needs him? Was the victim correct in believing the action wrong? Was the perpetrator correct in believing his action was right? In this book, god says that WE have the authority to decide what is right or wrong. The action is both right and wrong, right? Wrong. This is when you may want to take a look at the Bible. The Bible portrays God as a loving yet HOLY God. Holy is defined as exalted or worthy of complete devotion as one perfect in goodness and righteousness. He loves us but sees a REAL AND DISTINCT right and wrong as clear as day where sometimes it appears to be a tangled mass to our limited senses. He created us and gave us a conscience which can in most cases discern a right and wrong in a situation. He gave us a free will which allows us to then choose that right or wrong. Are we always going to do the right thing? No, and He knows that. When we do wrong thing, it is unhealthy at best to believe that doing wrong is the right thing to do because we desire it. We're NOT God. We do wrong all the time and God simply wants us to acknowledge this. He wants us to exercise our FREEWILL to do right according to our conscience and what's told in His book. But he knows that even still we will do wrong when attempting in good faith to do right. And that is why in a generous act of sacrificing Love He sent His Son Jesus Christ to SHOW us the way, sacrifice Himself on the cross for our wrongs, and be there still today to forgive our wrongs when we believe in Him and in the truly amazing thing He did for us. It's a beautiful thing! I urge you to believe that the Holy Bible is not a lie and Jesus Christ simply did the things the book said He did and is the person He claimed to be. 11 disciples took everything they said and wrote to their grave and never recanted even after much persecution. Wow! I've been a believer in Christ for almost seven years and He's continued to worked wonders in my life. I would have been a fan of these books if God had not put me on His path. In case you're wondering, I gave this book 2 stars because it has reinforced my faith in Christ by giving a glaring example of what God is not. If you've read through all of this, thank you. I encourage you to write me. God bless!If you've read through all of this, thank you. I encourage you to write me. God bless!
 My almost-6 year old daughter was diagnosed with autism at age 2 and we took a multi-pronged approach, including things like supplements, a GFCF diet, and OT/PT/speech. After a year on the GFCF diet and many specialized supplements and no change in behaviors, we went back to a normal diet with standard vitamin supplements and continued her behavioral therapies. My almost-6 year old daughter was diagnosed with autism at age 2 and we took a multi-pronged approach, including things like supplements, a GFCF diet, and OT/PT/speech. After a year on the GFCF diet and many specialized supplements and no change in behaviors, we went back to a normal diet with standard vitamin supplements and continued her behavioral therapies. Our close friends' daughter, now age 4 and also diagnosed with autism, took a similar approach, but even more strict, following the DAN protocol as well as the recommendations of this book, including chelation, a dizzying array of supplements, GFCF diet, OT/PT/Speech, ABA, etc. Our close friends' daughter, now age 4 and also diagnosed with autism, took a similar approach, but even more strict, following the DAN protocol as well as the recommendations of this book, including chelation, a dizzying array of supplements, GFCF diet, OT/PT/Speech, ABA, etc. While our child has made tremenous advances, or friends' child has not, beyond minor advances related to her age--at 4, she is still non-verbal, far from potty trained, exhibits many repetitive behaviors, and needs constant verbal and visual cues for the simplest tasks. While our child has made tremenous advances, or friends' child has not, beyond minor advances related to her age--at 4, she is still non-verbal, far from potty trained, exhibits many repetitive behaviors, and needs constant verbal and visual cues for the simplest tasks. The point I am trying to make is that every child is different and no one, NO ONE has shown that one course of therapy cures or even convincingly improves a significant percentage of children with autism. Autism, as most of you likely know well, is a catch-all term. Our friends' daughter no doubt has a very different kind of pathology than ours. I have yet to really see a book or study address that fact first and foremost before offering a course of action, rather than immediately launching into predictions of one "cure" for a broad range of issues. The point I am trying to make is that every child is different and no one, NO ONE has shown that one course of therapy cures or even convincingly improves a significant percentage of children with autism. Autism, as most of you likely know well, is a catch-all term. Our friends' daughter no doubt has a very different kind of pathology than ours. I have yet to really see a book or study address that fact first and foremost before offering a course of action, rather than immediately launching into predictions of one "cure" for a broad range of issues. While I do think some of what the author recommends can be helpful (and it really may offer a tremendous help for some children with autism), some of the therapies (like chelation) can be very dangerous--in fact, I have yet to see one of the many families who tried chelation therapy see *any* improvement in their child's symptoms. I have seen more success with GFCF diets (for a small percentage of children), but the greatest success seems to come with comprehensive behavioral therapy. While I do think some of what the author recommends can be helpful (and it really may offer a tremendous help for some children with autism), some of the therapies (like chelation) can be very dangerous--in fact, I have yet to see one of the many families who tried chelation therapy see *any* improvement in their child's symptoms. I have seen more success with GFCF diets (for a small percentage of children), but the greatest success seems to come with comprehensive behavioral therapy. I certainly understand where families are coming from--I have been there myself, but treating your child like a guinea pig and attempting to "cure" them with multiple substances that have had very little study/peer review in a desperate frenzy of worry is both dangerous to their bodies and destructive to their emotions. As with anything, balance is your approach will serve you and your child well.
 don't buy this book, no substance only good for sale
 .... you can get all three of these wacky books in one neat volume! Doesn't this hurt the bottom line at Hagee Ministries? What, has the pool of his mesmerized followers begun to dry up? It reminds me of when the band, KISS (aka Kings In Satan's Service) re-packaged their first three albums as "The Originals." At least in that case you had an extra track of "Rock and Roll All Nite", assuming you already had the album "Dressed To Kill." On the other hand, maybe Hagee Ministries was using the KISS model, assuming that it wouldn't hurt to have his drivel repeated in one handy, compact volume of fear
 I'm perhaps the only Steinbeck lover not to have yet read "Grapes of Wrath" or "East of Eden."  Instead I have focused on "Of Mice and Men" and his lesser known works, such as "To a God Unknown" and, my personal favorite, "Pastures of Heaven."  I've been enamored with his ability to vividly craft characters in particular.I'm perhaps the only Steinbeck lover not to have yet read "Grapes of Wrath" or "East of Eden."  Instead I have focused on "Of Mice and Men" and his lesser known works, such as "To a God Unknown" and, my personal favorite, "Pastures of Heaven."  I've been enamored with his ability to vividly craft characters in particular.When I began reading "In Dubious Battle," it appeared the most engaging of all Steinbeck's work.  Telling the story of American Communist party workers Jim and Mac, it begins with the story of hardscrabble Jim initiating himself into Mac's radical cell.  There is a great (and misleading) sense of intrigue - Mac and Jim travel by boxcar, work secretly through letters, go from secret contact to contact and finally arrive among disgruntled orchard workers.  Early on, the pace is fast, exciting, and engaging.When I began reading "In Dubious Battle," it appeared the most engaging of all Steinbeck's work.  Telling the story of American Communist party workers Jim and Mac, it begins with the story of hardscrabble Jim initiating himself into Mac's radical cell.  There is a great (and misleading) sense of intrigue - Mac and Jim travel by boxcar, work secretly through letters, go from secret contact to contact and finally arrive among disgruntled orchard workers.  Early on, the pace is fast, exciting, and engaging.Suddenly, Steinbeck simply fails to deliver, leaving the reader wondering when he's going to pick up the pace again.  After Jim and Mac slowly initiate a worker's strike, I expected the sense of excitement to continue.  It simply never does.Suddenly, Steinbeck simply fails to deliver, leaving the reader wondering when he's going to pick up the pace again.  After Jim and Mac slowly initiate a worker's strike, I expected the sense of excitement to continue.  It simply never does.Summary of "In Dubious Battle" - Workers get mad.  Workers get tired.  Workers get mad.  Workers get tired.  Workers get mad.  Workers get tired.Summary of "In Dubious Battle" - Workers get mad.  Workers get tired.  Workers get mad.  Workers get tired.  Workers get mad.  Workers get tired.The rest of the book mostly concerns Jim and Mac talking - and talking - and talking - and talking.  And while their philosophical chats are mildly interesting at first, they simply repeat themselves for the rest of the book.  Most of the action takes place in the dark or far away from the narration, and most of the story simply concerns the strikers bickering over petty nonsense...The rest of the book mostly concerns Jim and Mac talking - and talking - and talking - and talking.  And while their philosophical chats are mildly interesting at first, they simply repeat themselves for the rest of the book.  Most of the action takes place in the dark or far away from the narration, and most of the story simply concerns the strikers bickering over petty nonsense......and eating.  Steinbeck must have been peckish while writing this story, because at least a good 25% of the story concerns finding, eating, and (worst of all) TALKING about food.  There is plenty of action that Steinbeck could have shown during the story, but for some reason he prefers to focus on Jim and Mac endlessly walking from tent to tent in their encampment, discussing whatever comes to mind....and eating.  Steinbeck must have been peckish while writing this story, because at least a good 25% of the story concerns finding, eating, and (worst of all) TALKING about food.  There is plenty of action that Steinbeck could have shown during the story, but for some reason he prefers to focus on Jim and Mac endlessly walking from tent to tent in their encampment, discussing whatever comes to mind.Steinbeck's sense of intrigue and social injustice is worth reading the first few chapters.  But I advise any reader of "In Dubious Battle" to take this course - after the strike is initiated, simply set the book down.  You won't miss anything.  Nothing of great import happens, and only a very few memorable characters ever surface, and they are lost among the sea of forgettable faces.Steinbeck's sense of intrigue and social injustice is worth reading the first few chapters.  But I advise any reader of "In Dubious Battle" to take this course - after the strike is initiated, simply set the book down.  You won't miss anything.  Nothing of great import happens, and only a very few memorable characters ever surface, and they are lost among the sea of forgettable faces.I suppose now I'll give "Grapes of Wrath" a go.  Perhaps if it isn't one of his "greats," it isn't worth reading
 This is the sort of book you get when an author writes on a subject with which he has only a passing familiarity, and lacks the confidence that the subject matter is inherently interesting enough to hold the reader's attention.  The result is a book that is ultimately unsatisfying.This is the sort of book you get when an author writes on a subject with which he has only a passing familiarity, and lacks the confidence that the subject matter is inherently interesting enough to hold the reader's attention.  The result is a book that is ultimately unsatisfying.One symptom of the problems described above is that large portions are devoted to subjects other than money.  For example, the author uses the first three pages after the introduction to describe Aztec ritual sacrifice in literally gory detail before proceeding on to the use of cocao beans as commodity money.  I think that's meant to be what they used to call in show business a "grabber," but for the reader expecting to learn about money, it's a distraction. Another problem is that the author's grasp of modern economics is shaky at best, and especially in the latter part of the book, he'll make a point and then repeat himself, much as an undergraduate trying to extend the length of a term paper that's run a few pages short.One symptom of the problems described above is that large portions are devoted to subjects other than money.  For example, the author uses the first three pages after the introduction to describe Aztec ritual sacrifice in literally gory detail before proceeding on to the use of cocao beans as commodity money.  I think that's meant to be what they used to call in show business a "grabber," but for the reader expecting to learn about money, it's a distraction. Another problem is that the author's grasp of modern economics is shaky at best, and especially in the latter part of the book, he'll make a point and then repeat himself, much as an undergraduate trying to extend the length of a term paper that's run a few pages short.And yet, there's also some interesting and oddly convincing tidbits of information here. The author states that L. Frank Baum's 1900 book "The Wizard of Oz" is really a parable about the need for a bimetallic dollar based on both gold and silver.  But even as it strikes you that this is an interesting bit of trivia, you realize that it's only a bit of trivia and has little larger significance.And yet, there's also some interesting and oddly convincing tidbits of information here. The author states that L. Frank Baum's 1900 book "The Wizard of Oz" is really a parable about the need for a bimetallic dollar based on both gold and silver.  But even as it strikes you that this is an interesting bit of trivia, you realize that it's only a bit of trivia and has little larger significance.If you're looking for a economic history of money, you should look elsewhere.  If you're interested in the cultural and sociological impact of money, this may be more to your liking, though I think it still falls short.If you're looking for a economic history of money, you should look elsewhere.  If you're interested in the cultural and sociological impact of money, this may be more to your liking, though I think it still falls short. 
 When I traveled in Japan with a friend, this was the book we brought with us.  Within a week we were at a foriegn language bookstore in Tokyo looking for a better one.  There are some things this guide does quite well -- it helped us out finding reasonably priced places to stay throughout the country, and the advice to get a JR pass was invaluable.  When I traveled in Japan with a friend, this was the book we brought with us.  Within a week we were at a foriegn language bookstore in Tokyo looking for a better one.  There are some things this guide does quite well -- it helped us out finding reasonably priced places to stay throughout the country, and the advice to get a JR pass was invaluable.  However, the book has a very negative, immature view of Japan as a country and travel in general.  It seems to be written by bitter expatriates with a fascination with gaijin bars and the sex trade.  Did I pay $1200 for plane tickets to go drink with Americans?  The authors express a bias against culturally interesting sites, ancient and modern, that borders on the anti-intellectual.  The cultural notes are dated, inaccurate, and shallow.  After a while, we began to think, "If Lonely Planet doesn't recommend it, it's probably interesting."  The maps, as many have mentioned, are almost useless.  Ironically for a series which fetishizes getting off the beaten path, it's practically useless once you get out of the main tourist areas. However, the book has a very negative, immature view of Japan as a country and travel in general.  It seems to be written by bitter expatriates with a fascination with gaijin bars and the sex trade.  Did I pay $1200 for plane tickets to go drink with Americans?  The authors express a bias against culturally interesting sites, ancient and modern, that borders on the anti-intellectual.  The cultural notes are dated, inaccurate, and shallow.  After a while, we began to think, "If Lonely Planet doesn't recommend it, it's probably interesting."  The maps, as many have mentioned, are almost useless.  Ironically for a series which fetishizes getting off the beaten path, it's practically useless once you get out of the main tourist areas. There are much better guides available.  This entry has sworn me off the LP series for life.There are much better guides available.  This entry has sworn me off the LP series for life.
 This is a fairly helpful book for those born before the '70s-- a time when "a yarn" wasn't an archaic term. Does it give some helpful hints?  Sure, there's the obvious ones like show don't tell and all characters have free will. But fiction has changed a lot since Henry James (thankfully), and this book might be better left unread. Plus, I don't buy the "only people who aren't well-read don't like it" argument. I've read nearly all the books mentioned and I still wish I never bought this book
 I usually read Stephen King for his interesting ideas and imagery and expect his books to read fast and well. I've read three previous King books that have had the occasional long passages with overstated depictions of horror, doom, and grotesquery in order to immerse his readers into the tone of his story.  This one takes the cake because what is meant to read as terror and horror is really ridiculous and unimaginative. And this is exactly what "Insomnia" is. This isn't a spoiler, just the author's note: at the end of the book we read Sep. 10, 1990- Nov 10, 1993- three years in which King took to write this book.  Three years which were evidently wasted.I usually read Stephen King for his interesting ideas and imagery and expect his books to read fast and well. I've read three previous King books that have had the occasional long passages with overstated depictions of horror, doom, and grotesquery in order to immerse his readers into the tone of his story.  This one takes the cake because what is meant to read as terror and horror is really ridiculous and unimaginative. And this is exactly what "Insomnia" is. This isn't a spoiler, just the author's note: at the end of the book we read Sep. 10, 1990- Nov 10, 1993- three years in which King took to write this book.  Three years which were evidently wasted.The other King books I've read were engrossing for their characterizations and character identification.  "Insomnia's" Ralph Roberts is certainly a character the reader could identify with.  He is strong, kind, has traditional gentlemanly views on aiding women in distress and regards them as beautiful and respectable. His counterpart Lois Chasse doesn't come across as identifiable. Instead she serves as a  secondary character who has no real flair or identity other than being in love with Ralph. King doesn't usually do that with his secondary characters.  Other characters with much smaller roles in this book come across as real and identifiable, like Ed and Helen Deepenau, the three bald doctors, and Ralph's numerous confidantes.The other King books I've read were engrossing for their characterizations and character identification.  "Insomnia's" Ralph Roberts is certainly a character the reader could identify with.  He is strong, kind, has traditional gentlemanly views on aiding women in distress and regards them as beautiful and respectable. His counterpart Lois Chasse doesn't come across as identifiable. Instead she serves as a  secondary character who has no real flair or identity other than being in love with Ralph. King doesn't usually do that with his secondary characters.  Other characters with much smaller roles in this book come across as real and identifiable, like Ed and Helen Deepenau, the three bald doctors, and Ralph's numerous confidantes.Then there's the whole abortion mess. This central political issue crumbles midway thru and seems to serve no purpose at all in the story. Though King does provide an interesting and seemingly objective commentary on the issue via Detective Leydecker (albeit with a tranparently pro-choice slant), it serves no relevance to the theme of the story but just hangs there on display used for no more than a story device.  Then there's the whole abortion mess. This central political issue crumbles midway thru and seems to serve no purpose at all in the story. Though King does provide an interesting and seemingly objective commentary on the issue via Detective Leydecker (albeit with a tranparently pro-choice slant), it serves no relevance to the theme of the story but just hangs there on display used for no more than a story device.  I gave the book two stars because I am an inspiring writer and reading this provided me with some of the devices that are important to utilize as part of a writer's arsenal. The devices were obvious and all thru the reading I asked myself, 'How is King going to get through this?' His weapon of choice was most often Ralph Robert's narration (via third person) that analyzed the events of the story and interpreted its meaning and significance. It seemed whenever King was in trouble in the story, he would use Ralph as his solution and let him think it out and guide it for him. This is a useful tool for a beginning writer, but King used it as a crutch to tell a story that had no pulse from the beginning.I gave the book two stars because I am an inspiring writer and reading this provided me with some of the devices that are important to utilize as part of a writer's arsenal. The devices were obvious and all thru the reading I asked myself, 'How is King going to get through this?' His weapon of choice was most often Ralph Robert's narration (via third person) that analyzed the events of the story and interpreted its meaning and significance. It seemed whenever King was in trouble in the story, he would use Ralph as his solution and let him think it out and guide it for him. This is a useful tool for a beginning writer, but King used it as a crutch to tell a story that had no pulse from the beginning.One last thing, the villians just don't work. They are not frightening, they are not demonic, they are not vicious or malign. Three little bald doctors with scalpels and scissors? Their defining characteristics are being small and bald- does that really frighten anyone? The real villian among them dances around and jump ropes to reveal his evil madness. Then there's the Crimson King, the evil supernatural mastermind we read about from page 100 who finally enters the story on page 550 as a Catfish in one of the most terrible, anti-climactic scenes ever rendered.  I rest my case.              
 While easy enough to read, if the exact same pages were enclosed in a Harlequin Romance cover, I wouldn't know the difference.While easy enough to read, if the exact same pages were enclosed in a Harlequin Romance cover, I wouldn't know the difference.I'm extremely surprised this is a "best seller". Maybe I should take up writing because I can't possibly be worse than this.I'm extremely surprised this is a "best seller". Maybe I should take up writing because I can't possibly be worse than this.Ok, it's a good enough story but wow, it's predictible and boring. I read it completely in 2 days, and I'm a reader that savors pages so it takes me a while. I wasn't intrigued, I wasn't on the edge of my seat, and didn't shed a tear
 Maybe it was me, but I kept wanting this book to work and it just never grabbed me and I had to put it down.  It was almost aggravating
 Steer clear of this one - criticizing others for lack of original thought or a consistent viewpoint, while virtually copying their cover (not to mention riding the wave of their unique concept) illustrates the weak and timid position assumed  by this author.  Please achieve your own significance, not bashing others popular and widely accepted readership.  As Christians, we are obviously aware of varying theories on end-times.  To even slightly indicate we are not aware indicates the authors pompous platform.  So sad his approach couldn't be based on his own original work
 I was very excited about receiving this book, by the way big upps to lupo997 for getting my book to me in a timely fashion.  After reviewing the book further I realized it was like Touched by an Angel, and I don't like that show at all, but I decided to read it anyway cause it looked good.  That was a mistake, the character's were two dimensional and truly unbelieveable.  In the first story - Rainmaker - The Professor was sooo in love with Hailey he didn't care about getting killed or putting his own child's life in danger - come on now.  He would rather see his blind daughter killed for this woman he barely knows.  I didn't even read the second story, maybe I'll come back to that.  The third story was totally ridiculous as well.  Paris is so sick of Russell - he doesn't have a job, money and no ambition, yet she stays with him.  He cheats on her, she has the broads up in her house and sells them Mary Kay!!  Yet she stays with him.  He has given her an STD!!!  She stays with him!!!  She doesn't even like making love to him.  During all of this nonsense her fi-one boss is pushing up on her, and she resists.  She won't cheat on her man.  What!!!!  If you like reading fairy tales then this is the book for you.  For everyone else who likes a little believable drama in their fiction - DO NOT GET THIS BOOK!
 Bought this book hoping for a comprehensive resource of information on hiring a nanny.  Boy were we disappointed.  As was mentioned in another post - the book is nothing more than a glorified outline, and half of the book is copies of the forms that are on the disk, which forms by the way are in .pdf form and are not even fillable. 
 I found this book to be full of silly metaphors (as if that's the only way we could relate to  Dr. Twerski).  It just didn't get me the information I needed.  Perhaps others would find it motivational
 This books seems interesting until you learn (within a few pages) that the author forbids masturbation at any time and basically sees sex as a crude animal instinct.This books seems interesting until you learn (within a few pages) that the author forbids masturbation at any time and basically sees sex as a crude animal instinct.If you're a big Bill Bennett fan you might enjoy this, but for those inerested in developing a little more restraint while still participating to some small degree in modernity, look elsewhere.  BTW, Mr. O'Reilly, the world is NOT a more brutish place than ever before.  Sad, to say, it's almost certainly less so. 
 I agree with a previous reviewer who found fault with the way the story was told.  There is no excitement in describing the stages.  They are just wrapped up all of a sudden.I agree with a previous reviewer who found fault with the way the story was told.  There is no excitement in describing the stages.  They are just wrapped up all of a sudden.To me, it did not seem like the author did many interviews of his own.  It seems like he just watched the Tour de France and retold what he saw on the broadcast.  His supposed "back-stories" which should be really interesting, all seem like a recap of the mini segments during the Tour broadcast that let you know more about the participants.To me, it did not seem like the author did many interviews of his own.  It seems like he just watched the Tour de France and retold what he saw on the broadcast.  His supposed "back-stories" which should be really interesting, all seem like a recap of the mini segments during the Tour broadcast that let you know more about the participants.There is just nothing that reaches out and grabs you, and makes you want to keep reading.  I finally quit it after the poor description of the day in the Pyrenees.  That is one of the most exciting stages of the race, and the narrative was so wooden
 i'll be the first to admit that i'm biased based on my expectations from shaara's father's great book, the killer angels.  it is not fair to compare the two, but because reading the father's book lead me to buy this one, i thought i should mention it.  this book does not contain nearly the details and intimancies of the father's book.  it is not surprising since this one covers a much longer time frame than the battle of gettysburg, so shaara has less pages to devote to each person and battle.  but the result is a less satisfying book.  it skims rather than digs deep
 Trash sells and this is the definition of trash. Unfortunately many readers see this as history instead of fiction. Shaara who may have had a ghost writer obviously never visited a manuscipt library to do research. Readers should stick to reading the history of these events done by people who know how to research and how to write
 I have read all of the Scarpetta novels through The Last Precinct, and I have never wanted hours of my life back as I did when I finished The Last Precinct.  Cornwell tried to go in a new direction with her writing, and it failed. If Kay Scarpetta was a fortune teller, this book may have been alright...  What I mean by that is, in at least 2-3 separate occassions in this book, Kay says "I had a feeling I knew exactly what [so in so was going to say/do to me..."  Really Kay? Out of absolutely nowhere, you just believe that the unusual way Marino has been acting is due to the fact that you are going to be prosecuted by a special grand jury for homicide even though NOTHING led up to your supposed "revelation." You are truly impressive.  Reading this book makes me want to steer clear of Blowfly and Trace, but then again, maybe Cornwell read some reviews and saw that she had to shape up.  This book really ticked me off and I wouldn't recommend it to an enemy
 How some people gave this book a five star review is way beyond me.  First of all, I'd just like to mention that this nice book gives you schematic diagrams using symbols and other things without explaining them first! Secondly, if you want to understand electronics it can only be assumed that you want to understand the physics behind it! This book dedicates about a sentence to a paragraph to physics for each section.  Horrible! So basically, this INTRODUCTION to electronics doesn't do a lot of introducing you to anything! I'm on transistors right now, and I've spent days researching the physics of how they work on the Internet, and guess what? It's using schematics I don't understand, and yet again I'm going to have to do more looking on the net.  This book is not worth it.  Don't buy it! Just please, for your own sake, find another one.  Also, half the book is dedicated to projects.  That is, actually building electronic circuits! Why didn't the author just entitle this, "How to build electronic devices", then? It's beyond me! As far as explaining things are concerned, the book does very little, and assume you know more than you do.  Unfortunately I'm going to have to end up buying another electronics textbook, because this one is just horrible.  I was really wanting to learn something from this book, but it's just not happening.  For every chapter I've read on this book I've had to do research on the net, and I'm sick of it.  I'm on pg. 154, and I'm closing it.  DO NOT buy this book! I've already found a better book on amazon.com (just buy reading the Table of Contents!!!!!!!!!!) and I'm going to get it!
 This book is by far the worst proofed book I've ever read in my life. I can't believe I'm writing this as a review, because I can normally overlook a few typos. However, the typos in this book make for an almost impossible read. I can't believe I paid money for it
 I don't own this book nor have I read it, but if that first sentence is any indication of the quality of writing, I won't ever.  It is not a sentence.  One would think you would save your non-sentences for someplace else in a book, not start off with one, giving your readers the impression that you are all hat and no cattle before you even make your points
 This book is full of excuses and manipulated data that ignores the ultimate moral responsibility of a society.  We can correlate joblessness with the number of innercity households that contain black ink pens if we want to.  While Wilson presents an argument in an attempt to educate, his words are slanted in such a way that we are left feeling "sorry for them"
 I am an avid reader and have never once submitted a book review.  However, after reading Botox Diaries, I felt compelled to write and warn you all that this book is dull, trite, and disjointed.  I love my "chick-lit" books, but Botox Diaries is a disgrace to this genre.  The plot is weak and unrealistic (even in light of the suspended disbelief one normally affords "lite & fun" books).  The plot is also disjointed, perhaps because two authors co-wrote this book.  The characters are shallow and excruciatingly dull.  Botox Diaries is absolutely the worst book I have ever read. -- December 2005 Update:  My friend insisted on reading this book (ugh...despite my warnings!). Even though she was stuck in the airport for eight hours, she still couldn't bear to finish the book, because she found it so dull. She actually left it, half-read, at the airport
 This is perhaps the most disappointing King book I have ever read (and considering that I have read "Desperation" and "Insomnia" that is saying a lot).  The storyline was okay until the author lost me by inserting himself into the story.  I have no problem with characters from other stories popping up but for the author to become a character was over the top.  The only thing I found interesting about King as a character was the diaries that appear as the last chapter of the book.This is perhaps the most disappointing King book I have ever read (and considering that I have read "Desperation" and "Insomnia" that is saying a lot).  The storyline was okay until the author lost me by inserting himself into the story.  I have no problem with characters from other stories popping up but for the author to become a character was over the top.  The only thing I found interesting about King as a character was the diaries that appear as the last chapter of the book.I thought this was a blatant attempt to market his other books by having them referenced throughout the book.  I would guess that anybody that reaches Song of Susannah has read is a faithful reader of King and does not need to be reminded of all his previous works (which as of late have been bad with the exception of "The Green Mile:  Hey, Steve, if I wanted to read an infomercial I'll read my junk mail.I thought this was a blatant attempt to market his other books by having them referenced throughout the book.  I would guess that anybody that reaches Song of Susannah has read is a faithful reader of King and does not need to be reminded of all his previous works (which as of late have been bad with the exception of "The Green Mile:  Hey, Steve, if I wanted to read an infomercial I'll read my junk mail.I cannot wait to read the last Dark Tower book so I can be put out of my misery
 Of all the textbooks I've had, from elementary school through graduate school, this is easily the worst one I've ever had, for any course. Of all the textbooks I've had, from elementary school through graduate school, this is easily the worst one I've ever had, for any course. First of all, the authors so redundantly use the word "whilst" and the phrase "rules of the game" that it really gets on your nerves. My classmates all agree with me on this point. First of all, the authors so redundantly use the word "whilst" and the phrase "rules of the game" that it really gets on your nerves. My classmates all agree with me on this point. Second, speaking of getting on your nerves, half of what these authors say is, "...as we talked about in the previous chapter" or "as we'll talk about in the next chapter". There is so much redundant language in this book that it really could be condensed to about 25% of its size, and hell, it probably could simply be a chapter in the text for some other course. Second, speaking of getting on your nerves, half of what these authors say is, "...as we talked about in the previous chapter" or "as we'll talk about in the next chapter". There is so much redundant language in this book that it really could be condensed to about 25% of its size, and hell, it probably could simply be a chapter in the text for some other course. Third, the authors should win a Pulitzer prize for flowery language. They seem more interested in impressing me than educating me. Their sentences are far too long. They don't know the meaning of clear and concise, and I think they should all go back to English Composition 101. They'd be great politicians, because never have I heard anyone say so much and yet say so little....over and over and over again. The book is a like an inflated academic paper...and it's BORING. If ever a topic begged for a case-study approach, it's this one, and this book is not the answer. Save your money, and beg your instructor not to use this text. 
 After reading the first book *(which was catastropha) and reading the second which was really good, I thought that the series is taking off, I was mistaken, the third book is slow, and boring, you can see very well that Stephan king has no Idea what so ever where he is going to take that seriesAfter reading the first book *(which was catastropha) and reading the second which was really good, I thought that the series is taking off, I was mistaken, the third book is slow, and boring, you can see very well that Stephan king has no Idea what so ever where he is going to take that seriesNothing much is happening, and while the second book introduce some interesting ideas, the third book just go to the ordinary adventure that you can find (And better written as well) in dragon lance series, or other adventure books, also many ideas that were in this book already appear in many king books,Nothing much is happening, and while the second book introduce some interesting ideas, the third book just go to the ordinary adventure that you can find (And better written as well) in dragon lance series, or other adventure books, also many ideas that were in this book already appear in many king books,reading reviews of manuy users on the fourth book, which some say is very boring I guess this is where the adventure end for me..
 Have you ever met a person where every single thing that happens to them is a spiritual awakening?  The kind of person that can't go to the bathroom without making some sort of journal entry of the new vistas they discovered?  Well that is the kind of mentality you get with this book.  You can't simply look at a sunset and be in awe of nature or God.  No you need to relate to it and make it a part of you.Have you ever met a person where every single thing that happens to them is a spiritual awakening?  The kind of person that can't go to the bathroom without making some sort of journal entry of the new vistas they discovered?  Well that is the kind of mentality you get with this book.  You can't simply look at a sunset and be in awe of nature or God.  No you need to relate to it and make it a part of you.I am avery spiritual person and love traveling.  I have traveled all over the world and feel complete when I do so.  Reading this book did the one thing I never thought was possible, it put me off of traveling.  I am avery spiritual person and love traveling.  I have traveled all over the world and feel complete when I do so.  Reading this book did the one thing I never thought was possible, it put me off of traveling.  Fortunately, the feeling passed quickly.  I will not make little travel shrines.  I will not take little spiritual trips across my living room.  I will not follow this persons advice.  And this book is going nowhere near my rucksack.  Sorry, I am too stoic for this book.Fortunately, the feeling passed quickly.  I will not make little travel shrines.  I will not take little spiritual trips across my living room.  I will not follow this persons advice.  And this book is going nowhere near my rucksack.  Sorry, I am too stoic for this book.I would recommend people read books about the places they want to go.  Learn their culture and a little bit of their language.  Don't worry about the trip just go on it.I would recommend people read books about the places they want to go.  Learn their culture and a little bit of their language.  Don't worry about the trip just go on it.My passport is the only material possession I truly value.
 to me .this book was definately NOT one of the best in the series.I admire the Kristina,but this book was slow and dull.It was practiacally all about the politics of sweden.very dull
 I'm not a fan of mysteries to begin with.  However, my public library has a limited selection of audio books, so I take what I can get.  I am a voracious reader, and I listen to audios to get more "reading" in, as you can listen and do other things.  I much prefer the Lillian Jackson Braun "cat" books, at least there is some humor, and I like the "mystery" part of these books better than Deaver's.  Sorry to all the Deaver fan's out there...I HAVE enjoyed a few of his books, but I get tired of the "same ole-same ole"
 I admit I was impressed by the table of contents of this book, and I admit I had no previous experience with the subject, but sure with the 'real life' of support services for a database company. Most of the book is devoted to review commercial software available on the market and for me, this is just enough to be dissapointed. There are better commercial magazines or even websites can provide you this information for free... Although some formulas and templates looks very interesting (that's why 2 stars), maybe should you consider a help desk book instead
 Like most critics of Objectivism, Mr. Walker focuses his criticism on Ayn Rand's frailties and idiosyncrasies rather than the principles of the philosophy she founded.  My disappointment in his book was immediate and I have to say it's as unoriginal a piece of writing as any other critic I've read.  His cynicism drips from almost every sentence and his contempt for all things Objectivism is obvious to anyone who takes ideas seriously.  I cannot recommend this book even to those interested in contrasting views of her approach to philosophy; this book was written for those of like mind to the author...whatever mind they can be said to have.Like most critics of Objectivism, Mr. Walker focuses his criticism on Ayn Rand's frailties and idiosyncrasies rather than the principles of the philosophy she founded.  My disappointment in his book was immediate and I have to say it's as unoriginal a piece of writing as any other critic I've read.  His cynicism drips from almost every sentence and his contempt for all things Objectivism is obvious to anyone who takes ideas seriously.  I cannot recommend this book even to those interested in contrasting views of her approach to philosophy; this book was written for those of like mind to the author...whatever mind they can be said to have.The body and scope of work done by Objectivist scholars who've never met Ayn Rand now ellipses her work - both fiction and non-fiction - and the work of her original core of thinkers.  To characterize the movement as a cult may have had some validity in the years prior to her death, but only in the most remote sense of the word.  Right now the ranks of Objectivism are swelling with intelligent people who differ in background AND in opinion.  Mr. Walker's principle mistake is looking at Objectivism as something that was born exclusively from the mind of Ayn Rand...something Miss Rand herself would disagree with.  Objectivism is the logical continuation of a line of thought that views mankind as a reasoning animal...a line that extends back through history and begins (explicitly) with Aristotle.  Those (like Mr. Walker) who dismiss it on the basis of Miss Rand's personality and the culture of people that grew around her in her lifetime are truly missing an opportunity to enlighten themselves.  The body and scope of work done by Objectivist scholars who've never met Ayn Rand now ellipses her work - both fiction and non-fiction - and the work of her original core of thinkers.  To characterize the movement as a cult may have had some validity in the years prior to her death, but only in the most remote sense of the word.  Right now the ranks of Objectivism are swelling with intelligent people who differ in background AND in opinion.  Mr. Walker's principle mistake is looking at Objectivism as something that was born exclusively from the mind of Ayn Rand...something Miss Rand herself would disagree with.  Objectivism is the logical continuation of a line of thought that views mankind as a reasoning animal...a line that extends back through history and begins (explicitly) with Aristotle.  Those (like Mr. Walker) who dismiss it on the basis of Miss Rand's personality and the culture of people that grew around her in her lifetime are truly missing an opportunity to enlighten themselves.  There is no doubt Ayn Rand is a polarizing figure; my advice to those inclined to read Mr. Walker's book is to read Miss Rand's books as well.  Particularly her non-fiction.  I'm not a real big fan of her novels or fiction in general - it was Rand's non-fiction works that first inspired me to study her philosophy - so my first suggestion would be "Philosophy: Who Needs It."  I enjoyed her novels, but I enjoyed her non-fiction more
 I would normally not read Barbara Taylor Bradford but my boyfriends' Mom gave it to me as part of a present, so I said what the heck, I'll try it.  I would normally not read Barbara Taylor Bradford but my boyfriends' Mom gave it to me as part of a present, so I said what the heck, I'll try it.  Just as disappointing as I'd expected. Light, uninteresting, and with no real plot or ending. As for the historical pages, read Catherine Cookson instead.  Just as disappointing as I'd expected. Light, uninteresting, and with no real plot or ending. As for the historical pages, read Catherine Cookson instead.  I may go back and listen to A Woman of Substance only because other reviewers seemed to have enjoyed it.I may go back and listen to A Woman of Substance only because other reviewers seemed to have enjoyed it.But this sequel was too into clothes and the finer things, and full of too-successful, too-beautiful men and women. Not believable.
 This wasn't such a bad novel, and I kind of enjoyed it.  Not great, but easy to read and the story chugs along briskly.  However, the ending really killed it for me.  It's too unnecessarily long.  Once the major conflict is resolved, the story is over and yet we must hear a treatise on what it means to be a faerie and the price paid and the virtue of love and heroism and blah blah blah.  I wish I'd just put the book down after the rain because I would've left with a feeling of at least entertainment.  But after reading on and realizing that there were no further complications, only pages of explanations, I just lost much of my enthusiasm for the book.  Would've been three stars if it'd just known when to end
 Hi, I have used this book among others to get accepted to McKinsey (and with success) and I think this book gave me less then others. The advantages are the more or less detailed frameworks chapter and the real-life interviews chapter, but the cases themselves are rather superficial and sometimes even obviously ridiculous(like for example the case in which a Star-Trek like omnipotent people transporter has been invented, and the book claims that it wouldn't replace cars because it costs 100,000$. Come on, they would buy one for every block).I think there are much better resources than this.I think there are much better resources than this.Good luck with your interviews
 Timothy Garton Ash's book the file was very provocative and interesting. I thoroughly enjoyed reading the personal experience of one man who happened to be in East Berlin before unification and then was able to see his file  afterwards.  However, i am a bit disillusioned.  The story interests me but  Garton Ash really doesn't say anything!  I am disappointed that he so  poignantly and blatantly pokes at communism and a totalitarian state.  And  yet he does not back it up.  The book is good under the premise of  democracy good, communism bad.  It feels like he is just pooling for  support.  And nobody knew the wall was going to &quot;fall&quot; when it  did.  I know of many professors who were writing books critiquing communism  who had to throw out their text because of the abrupt fall of communism.  I'm wondering if this book is just a way to cash in an unexpected event.  I  am dissappointed.  Maybe i just don't know enough of Garton Ash but if this  is the case, i should not have to feel the need to know his history before  reading the book.  The book had some good points and kept me entertained  but on the whole didn't do anything for me.  Peace
 Petra of all places. Supernatural protection, persecution, on ad naseum. The one drug on, and on, and on,  and on ...... Same tired story, persecution by Carpathia a lame attempt at evil incarnate and his lackies. Sorry.. Same tired story, persecution by Carpathia a lame attempt at evil incarnate and his lackies. Sorry.. I think the series denegrates Christianity rather then exalting it.   I've read all 12 and found it morose and condemning. The opposite of how I view Christianity is.
 This is a very famous and a very influential book. This was not the first time I checked the book out of the library but I now know much more about antidepressants and the related issues than I did when I first became familiar with Kramer's book. What I found on my quick survey of the book this time amazed me. This is not a book supported by research. It is a book of stories. The stories, one after the other, are about Kramer's patients (Kramer is a psychiatrist) and how taking Prozac dramatically transformed lives overnight. Consider these four examples.1. Sam: "Sam not only recovered from his depression, he declared himself better than well. He felt unencumbered, more vitally alive, less pessimistic. Now he could complete projects in one draft, whereas before he sketched and sketched again. His memory was more reliable, his concentration keener. His memory was more reliable, his concentration keener. Every aspect of his work went more smoothly. He appeared more poised, more thoughtful, less distracted. He was able to speak at professional gatherings without notes.(Page x.)2. Sally: After four months on Prozac, she looked brighter, calmer, self-assured, in control of herself. The most important effect of the medication, Sally felt was that it cleared her head...After ten months...she negotiated a small promotion and pay raise at a time when the bank was cutting back staff...More remarkable was the change to her private life. She started going to dances...(Page 147.)3. William M: The patient's low self-esteem, which had been present since his earliest childhood, began to disappear...On medication William M. experienced a sense of self-worth superior to any he had felt before. (Page 203.)4. Ms. B: For the first time in her memory she felt perfectly relaxed and happy sitting at home reading books or listening to music and felt less of the free-floating anxiety that was previously quelled by going out...Off Prozac, Ms. B. bar-hopped in search of men. Prozac moderated her sense of aloneness and allowed her to enjoy a variety of social settings.Dozens of other examples could be cited. The point is, this is essentially the book. It is a book which convinces the reader of the almost magic power of Prozac by sharing stories like these. What is disturbing is that I now know the truth. Research investigations have found that the power of antidepressants has increased dramatically. They are now more effective because our belief in the power of a pill to cure social shyness, anxiety, depression, and a bad temper has increased dramatically. We have come to believe, as Kramer puts it, "biology is destiny" (page xiv). No where does Kramer explain that the longest of the clinical trial used to get approval of Prozac to market was only 8 weeks long. No where does he share that a tranquilizer was given to study subjects and the other tricks used to make the effectiveness of the drug appear greater than it really is. The dangers of long-term use (diabetes, Parkinson's disease, permanent muscle jerking, etc.) are never discussed. (Of course, these problems were still unknown when Kramer wrote.) See Timothy Scott's wonderful, and unlike Kramer's book, carefully documented book America Fooled: The Truth About Antidepressants, Antipsychotics, and How We've Been Fooled to find the dangers as well as what does bring good mental health. Yes, this book has been influential. Thus, Kramer bears some of the responsibilty for the myth surrounding antidepressants. (They do not work as well as exercise even--numerous studies.) It's funny how, as our knowledge grows, a great book beomes a harmful book, but it is just that.   
 I work in a school library and as a cat lover am always seeking out the cat books.  This one caught my eye and I was expecting something wonderful.  I found the story to be hopeless and defeating.  How sad the only comfort the father has to offer is composting tips and the last memory the child has to hold is that of a decomposing cat.  I'm no censor, but two thumbs way down.  Also, if you are looking for something wonderful for pet loss, try Cynthia Rylant's, Cat Heaven
 I read A is for Alphabet years ago and did not get pulled into the series.  Years later I read S is for Silence and was hooked. I started to read the series--backwards at first and then jumped to the beginning.  I have really enjoyed the books and felt a connection to the heroine (and forgiven Ms. Grafton for making her weigh 118 lbs on her 5'6" frame).  However, I agree with the other readers who feel like this is not Grafton at her best.  You just can't believe that Kinsey would put herself in these ridiculous positions---belting a police officer to endear herself to a woman she is investigating, remaining in an incredibly (and unbelievable) dangerous situation, to name a few.  The dialogue is weak,the sexual situations seem gratutitous, and there is a fair amount of stereotyping of hispanics.  But even with these issues, I did finish the book.  Grafton at her low point is still a good read
 the first few chapters have built the anticipation for a good strategy to learn , HOWEVER, there were no formulas, nothing to learn.book talks about theories about market timing with no proof.i wouldent take it seriously as i though
 interesting, well documented, with marvelous illustrations.Definitely a good buy for adults who still dream  of fairy tales characters. It is a pity that the collection does not include stories from "One thousand and one nights". Otherwise it will be perfect and complete.
 It certainly sounded exciting.  Unfortunately, it's mostly a bunch of long winded articles on vague ideas that you've already thought of a hundred times.  That's not to say that the ideas aren't important.  I was simply expecting something a bit more focused by an author willing to take some risks.  On the bright side, the book won't become dated for quite some time. 
 The author had all the elements for a good mystery/suspense except for one thing, the lack of an end or resolution to the mystery.The author had all the elements for a good mystery/suspense except for one thing, the lack of an end or resolution to the mystery.I find it difficult to believe the author of such noted works as Bag of Bones and The Stand would leave his readers hanging in such a manner. Fiction should be about conflict and resolution and we have the basis for the conflict. A body turns up on the beach and the only clue comes from a pack of cigarettes found on the body. We learn the man was from Colorado but very little else.I find it difficult to believe the author of such noted works as Bag of Bones and The Stand would leave his readers hanging in such a manner. Fiction should be about conflict and resolution and we have the basis for the conflict. A body turns up on the beach and the only clue comes from a pack of cigarettes found on the body. We learn the man was from Colorado but very little else.If the author had brought the story to a meaning conclusion it might well have been a classic mystery or crime thriller but unfortunately the reader is left to wonder what really happened. I would recommend a Mary Higgins Clark mystery in place of this boo
 Flynn offers up a fast-paced, if unbelievable story.  Unfortunately, character development is paper thin and clearly portrays Flynn's political preferences.  Characters, like Rapp, with a military background are guided by clearly defined ethical principles, have all the answers and are always showing those good-for-nothing politicians how the "real world" works.  Meanwhile, Flynn's politicians (the majority of whom are Democrats) seem only concerned with public opinion and the next election.  While there are grains of truth in his characters, Flynn consistently goes for the cheap, partisan stereotype.  I was looking for a well-developed political/military thriller.  I'm still looking.
 i felt as if this book was way below my reading leve
 I'm really a great fan of Douglas Coupland, which is perhaps much of the reason I found this book so disappointing. I hate the fact that it has been dubbed the new Microserfs, since it totally lacks the insight, wit and 'funny because its true' apsects of the original. About the only thing it has in common with  Microserfs is the fact that its set in the same industry. I'm really a great fan of Douglas Coupland, which is perhaps much of the reason I found this book so disappointing. I hate the fact that it has been dubbed the new Microserfs, since it totally lacks the insight, wit and 'funny because its true' apsects of the original. About the only thing it has in common with  Microserfs is the fact that its set in the same industry. jPod is set in a landscape of unreality, with no apparent reason than to make a series of whacky adventures for eccentric, and for the most part unlikeable, characters. It certainly doesnt reflect the IT industry of today, and the members of the jPod really only seem to represent those aspects of this community which give programmers a bad reputation, as essentially dysfunctional (autistic) as they are. There doesnt even seem to be any real focus for this story. I felt like I was mostly reading about a heap of stuff that 'happened'.jPod is set in a landscape of unreality, with no apparent reason than to make a series of whacky adventures for eccentric, and for the most part unlikeable, characters. It certainly doesnt reflect the IT industry of today, and the members of the jPod really only seem to represent those aspects of this community which give programmers a bad reputation, as essentially dysfunctional (autistic) as they are. There doesnt even seem to be any real focus for this story. I felt like I was mostly reading about a heap of stuff that 'happened'.Its not all bad, and there were more than a few humorous moments, and interesting plot twists. Coupland's highly approachable and fast moving writing style hasn't changed. Its really just the subject matter and whatever its trying to communicate that seems to have fallen in a heap, in this book. I normally devour all of his books within a day or two, and want to read them again soon after, but it was a real struggle just to get through this one to the end
 Then you'll probably like this story.  Then you'll probably like this story.  My wife and I read books together and I'd sworn off Cornwell after Hornet's Nest (which on TV Cornwell admitted was some warmed over college material - and it showed horribly).  The Scarpetta character (in some books) is unbelievably emotionally ultra-hyper (going from confident to terrified every time Marino knocks on the door).  My wife and I read books together and I'd sworn off Cornwell after Hornet's Nest (which on TV Cornwell admitted was some warmed over college material - and it showed horribly).  The Scarpetta character (in some books) is unbelievably emotionally ultra-hyper (going from confident to terrified every time Marino knocks on the door).  In this book she was mercifully level headed almost ALL the time!  What a relief.  And there was a real story.  I'm not really a fan of her work over the last 10 years but there's almost enough lab details here to satisfy.  Sure wish she (Scarpetta) would learn to delegate - imagine the top lab expert for her state and she has to go to every crime scene and move bodies herself!  In this book she was mercifully level headed almost ALL the time!  What a relief.  And there was a real story.  I'm not really a fan of her work over the last 10 years but there's almost enough lab details here to satisfy.  Sure wish she (Scarpetta) would learn to delegate - imagine the top lab expert for her state and she has to go to every crime scene and move bodies herself!  Anyway don't start here with the Scarpetta series - but if you already like the character, this one is a B+.  Compared to other crime novels in general, it's still a C- in my estimation
 This book is atrocious.  It is THE worst book I have read in the last decade.  A 10 year old could have done better. The plot gets more ridiculous as the book progresses, the characters act unbelievably and it is amazing that someone can actually get paid to write such garbage.  The only plus was that I got it out of the library and didn't pay for it
 Why are there so many insanely positive reviews for this book?  Honestly, what has this author contributed to the world with this book?  Was it the characters?  No, they've all been used and reused and used some more in practically every other work of fiction in the last fifty years (i.e. cocky and handsome FBI agent, beautiful but dangerous killer with a past, take-no-sh#t FBI boss, etc.).  Was it the deep insight into the characters themselves?  A laugh out loud, "No!".  There was nothing coming close to character development.  Was there some new and clever writing style?  Unless you count having two page chapters revolutionary (I call it a way to have a two hundred page novella turned into a four hundred page novel).  How about the plot?  Was that something worth my time?  Not unless you haven't ever watched suspence movie in your life.  Why are there so many insanely positive reviews for this book?  Honestly, what has this author contributed to the world with this book?  Was it the characters?  No, they've all been used and reused and used some more in practically every other work of fiction in the last fifty years (i.e. cocky and handsome FBI agent, beautiful but dangerous killer with a past, take-no-sh#t FBI boss, etc.).  Was it the deep insight into the characters themselves?  A laugh out loud, "No!".  There was nothing coming close to character development.  Was there some new and clever writing style?  Unless you count having two page chapters revolutionary (I call it a way to have a two hundred page novella turned into a four hundred page novel).  How about the plot?  Was that something worth my time?  Not unless you haven't ever watched suspence movie in your life.  So honestly, what the hell makes this book worth anyone's time?  All I can find in this book are two dimensional characters, needless sub-plots, ludicris dialogue, and empty promises (we're lied to about the main character's fate in the beginning and we're lied to about this being a thriller in the vein of Hitchcock).  So honestly, what the hell makes this book worth anyone's time?  All I can find in this book are two dimensional characters, needless sub-plots, ludicris dialogue, and empty promises (we're lied to about the main character's fate in the beginning and we're lied to about this being a thriller in the vein of Hitchcock).  As a person who has turned to the world of novels to escape Hollywood's onslaught of needless, pointless, and time wasting strategy of churning out movie after movie of pure garbage I can trully say that this is the type of book that will doom us all into a market of hurried and horribly bad novels to take our hard earned money.  As a person who has turned to the world of novels to escape Hollywood's onslaught of needless, pointless, and time wasting strategy of churning out movie after movie of pure garbage I can trully say that this is the type of book that will doom us all into a market of hurried and horribly bad novels to take our hard earned money.  This man does not deserve our money and certainly does not deserve to write anything other than an apology letter to the world for dumbing us down into thinking that this type of writing is anything other than trash
 My friend's and I will pass books back and forth to each other to read if they are good. My friend was going to throw this one out instead of passing it along, but since I have a dog, I thought it would be interesting, but it wasn't, so I had the honor of throwing it out myself. My friend's and I will pass books back and forth to each other to read if they are good. My friend was going to throw this one out instead of passing it along, but since I have a dog, I thought it would be interesting, but it wasn't, so I had the honor of throwing it out myself. Typically, I would donate the book or give it to charity, but I don't think anyone would enjoy it. It's just this author's drivel. It doesn't focus on the president's and their pets at all like the title suggests.Typically, I would donate the book or give it to charity, but I don't think anyone would enjoy it. It's just this author's drivel. It doesn't focus on the president's and their pets at all like the title suggests.I could see where another author could have created a really fun book about presidents and their dogs.I could see where another author could have created a really fun book about presidents and their dogs.
 This book is so flawed in every which way, it is hard to know where to begin. First of all, we are living in the end times, and when Jesus comes, that's all she wrote, folks. There's no seven years, no Christians being zapped up, etc. This is our Second Chance on Earth. No tribulation. This book takes figurative visions and tries to apply it literally, and does it poorly. Reading this book made me think that if this was true, then what's the point of trying to be a Christian. Why not just live your life the way you want to, and then when people zap out of thin air, change your life. It's ridiculous and sends the wrong message. Plus, the writing is for second graders with no redeeming characteristics to it. But I really don't think the author's care at this point (seeing how many millions they've made printing lies). My recommendation is to read the bible instead of this series; then you'll get truth and the bible is probably shorter (and much better writing). Man, not even Kirk Cameron could save this train wreck.
 Ms. Reichs has lost the recipe, or at least the focus and formula that has brought her success prior to Cross Bones. Although not nearly as bad as P. Cornwell's last two or three misfires, Reichs is way wide of her usual high mark here. In this offering, Temperance is out of character, out of both style and focus, and the story is just overly convoluted and circuitous; a yarn that meanders around heading every which way except toward a finished product. Even the writing is unfamiliar and not of the same voice Reichs has maintained in her many Brennan novels. Having finally given up on Cornwell, after many years, I'll hang in there for one more Temperance Brennan dig; everyone is entitled to one gong
 &#65279;Millennials Rising is the latest book in the generational series by the authors William Strauss and Neil Howe, focusing this time on the generation born after X.&#65279;Millennials Rising is the latest book in the generational series by the authors William Strauss and Neil Howe, focusing this time on the generation born after X.For those not already familiar with the authors' theory, Strauss and Howe are two authors who began writing about generations in 1991. They wrote the book Generations, which introduced a theory that generations fall into four re-cycling types, and each type comes of age during a different kind of era, or "turning". The Silent Generation is of the "adaptive" type, for instance, passive, gentle, and in tune with their emotions, and came of age during the Golden Age of postwar America. The Baby Boomers, remembered for their "Awakening" in the 1960s, are of the "idealist" type, concerned with God and spirituality and impassioned about what they believe in, but inclined to change during life (from hippie to the current "Just say no" control freak). Generation X, which they named the Thirteenth Generation, is of the "reactive" type, being alienated, street-smart and materialistic, without a feeling of need to be "loyal" to anything, coming of age during the 1980s and 1990s. They then first identified everyone born since 1982 as the "Millennial Generation", and predicted back in 1991 that it would be grow up to be optimistic, hard-working and clean-cut, just like the G.I. Generation that fought World War II, going back to the "civic" type generation before the Silent Generation. In 1993 they published the book Thirteenth Gen, which specialized in Generation X and why they are the way they are. In their third book, The Fourth Turning, they went back to the whole theory and writing about all the generations. They also changed the archetype names from adaptive, idealist, reactive and civic to Artist, Prophet, Nomad and Hero. Strauss and Howe wrote in this book about an upcoming era of epic battle and mass destruction, much like the one in which the G.I. Generation came of age. They then predicted the Millennial Generation would form the role of Heroes during the coming crisis, and they would lower teen pregnancy rates, stop using drugs, serve the United States, in uniform even, and desist with using profanity.For those not already familiar with the authors' theory, Strauss and Howe are two authors who began writing about generations in 1991. They wrote the book Generations, which introduced a theory that generations fall into four re-cycling types, and each type comes of age during a different kind of era, or "turning". The Silent Generation is of the "adaptive" type, for instance, passive, gentle, and in tune with their emotions, and came of age during the Golden Age of postwar America. The Baby Boomers, remembered for their "Awakening" in the 1960s, are of the "idealist" type, concerned with God and spirituality and impassioned about what they believe in, but inclined to change during life (from hippie to the current "Just say no" control freak). Generation X, which they named the Thirteenth Generation, is of the "reactive" type, being alienated, street-smart and materialistic, without a feeling of need to be "loyal" to anything, coming of age during the 1980s and 1990s. They then first identified everyone born since 1982 as the "Millennial Generation", and predicted back in 1991 that it would be grow up to be optimistic, hard-working and clean-cut, just like the G.I. Generation that fought World War II, going back to the "civic" type generation before the Silent Generation. In 1993 they published the book Thirteenth Gen, which specialized in Generation X and why they are the way they are. In their third book, The Fourth Turning, they went back to the whole theory and writing about all the generations. They also changed the archetype names from adaptive, idealist, reactive and civic to Artist, Prophet, Nomad and Hero. Strauss and Howe wrote in this book about an upcoming era of epic battle and mass destruction, much like the one in which the G.I. Generation came of age. They then predicted the Millennial Generation would form the role of Heroes during the coming crisis, and they would lower teen pregnancy rates, stop using drugs, serve the United States, in uniform even, and desist with using profanity.So then in 2000 they put out this book, Millennials Rising. In this one the authors try to explain the Millennial Generation (my generation). Millennials Rising attempts to identify who we, the most ethnically diverse generation in American history as they note, are. In Millennials Rising they write about this generation's Boomer parents and their influence on the Millennial Generation, as well as the kind of world in which this generation is growing up (which S&H think of as hundreds of television channels, SUV lifestyles, rappers who swear, and people who smack each other on TV). The book states that Millennials want to work together in teams, believe the people in authority know more about right and wrong than they do, are enthusiastic about learning and going to school, are loved and protected by their parents, achieve great things in school and will achieve great things in the future, and lest we forget, always want to exude that "positive peer pressure" on their fellow Millennials.So then in 2000 they put out this book, Millennials Rising. In this one the authors try to explain the Millennial Generation (my generation). Millennials Rising attempts to identify who we, the most ethnically diverse generation in American history as they note, are. In Millennials Rising they write about this generation's Boomer parents and their influence on the Millennial Generation, as well as the kind of world in which this generation is growing up (which S&H think of as hundreds of television channels, SUV lifestyles, rappers who swear, and people who smack each other on TV). The book states that Millennials want to work together in teams, believe the people in authority know more about right and wrong than they do, are enthusiastic about learning and going to school, are loved and protected by their parents, achieve great things in school and will achieve great things in the future, and lest we forget, always want to exude that "positive peer pressure" on their fellow Millennials.The obviously leads to the question, then, is the generation really optimistic, hard-working and clean-cut just as they say? Consider this: Only 28% of high school seniors say that the work they get assigned at school is "meaningful", only 21% describe their courses as "interesting" and still barely over a third, 39%, believe that what they do in school will have any relation to their success later in life. The generation was supposed to be enthusiastic about learning. The Millennial Generation also rapidly increased drug use, especially pot, from the level at which Generation X was using them in its teens, as even the authors themselves note.The obviously leads to the question, then, is the generation really optimistic, hard-working and clean-cut just as they say? Consider this: Only 28% of high school seniors say that the work they get assigned at school is "meaningful", only 21% describe their courses as "interesting" and still barely over a third, 39%, believe that what they do in school will have any relation to their success later in life. The generation was supposed to be enthusiastic about learning. The Millennial Generation also rapidly increased drug use, especially pot, from the level at which Generation X was using them in its teens, as even the authors themselves note.S&H portray the world of edgy entertainment, such as television shows, movies and music, as a Zoroastrian battle. In popular music, for instance, artists are described by extremes that either represent the alleged Millennial values or go actively against them -- on one side, artists like Eminem, Limp Bizkit and Marilyn Manson, on the other, boy bands and Britney Spears and her imitators, along with such second-tier bands as the S Club 7. They do not deal with the Millennial interest in bands that lie somewhere in between the two. For instance, Blink-182 is just about the biggest band around now, and yet Millennials Rising does not mention Blink-182 and the many young fans who make the band a success. South Park: Bigger, Longer, Uncut is the authors' idea of where popular culture is today. Millennials Rising heralds boy bands as what music will increasingly be like as the current decade unfolds, and blasts the "edgy" bands as groups that will be washed away, but could the authors have predicted bands like Good Charlotte or artists like Avril Lavigne?S&H portray the world of edgy entertainment, such as television shows, movies and music, as a Zoroastrian battle. In popular music, for instance, artists are described by extremes that either represent the alleged Millennial values or go actively against them -- on one side, artists like Eminem, Limp Bizkit and Marilyn Manson, on the other, boy bands and Britney Spears and her imitators, along with such second-tier bands as the S Club 7. They do not deal with the Millennial interest in bands that lie somewhere in between the two. For instance, Blink-182 is just about the biggest band around now, and yet Millennials Rising does not mention Blink-182 and the many young fans who make the band a success. South Park: Bigger, Longer, Uncut is the authors' idea of where popular culture is today. Millennials Rising heralds boy bands as what music will increasingly be like as the current decade unfolds, and blasts the "edgy" bands as groups that will be washed away, but could the authors have predicted bands like Good Charlotte or artists like Avril Lavigne?This leads to the bigger question of whether the book and the theory will be able to predict anything. S&H write about "rebelling by being better" during the present decade. Apparently, their idea of rebellion is not listening to Limp Bizkit, blasting censorship, or doing illegal drugs, but wearing preppy clothes, waiting until marriage to have sex, and trusting their government. According to them, we should expect to see Millennials petitioning for policies that will punish their own peers. S&H write that we will accept the draft and join the military in great numbers when the crisis presents us with a war, and even do National Service. Frankly, can anyone imagine any more than 20% of today's high school students doing their duty and risking their life in war in the name of America? Also, our generation has done nothing to make a commitment to following Bush as leader during the Iraq War, while S&H predict Millennials serving their president. How suited to a Hero generation is that? The G.I. Generation followed FDR so blindly they had to print his campaign materials in Braille. When it comes to rallying around their president and leading the direction of the nation during a crisis, Millennials have surely disappointed those who expected them to do just as the authors said we would. This, of course, does not have to be a bad thing, but it does make you wonder about the limitations of the predictive abilities of the theory.This leads to the bigger question of whether the book and the theory will be able to predict anything. S&H write about "rebelling by being better" during the present decade. Apparently, their idea of rebellion is not listening to Limp Bizkit, blasting censorship, or doing illegal drugs, but wearing preppy clothes, waiting until marriage to have sex, and trusting their government. According to them, we should expect to see Millennials petitioning for policies that will punish their own peers. S&H write that we will accept the draft and join the military in great numbers when the crisis presents us with a war, and even do National Service. Frankly, can anyone imagine any more than 20% of today's high school students doing their duty and risking their life in war in the name of America? Also, our generation has done nothing to make a commitment to following Bush as leader during the Iraq War, while S&H predict Millennials serving their president. How suited to a Hero generation is that? The G.I. Generation followed FDR so blindly they had to print his campaign materials in Braille. When it comes to rallying around their president and leading the direction of the nation during a crisis, Millennials have surely disappointed those who expected them to do just as the authors said we would. This, of course, does not have to be a bad thing, but it does make you wonder about the limitations of the predictive abilities of the theory.Some parts of it make for very interesting reading, but all the talk about how they are to be the "next great" generation gets to you sometimes. S&H seem to believe you can never think too big about those Millennials. Millennials Rising presents an image of youth that is set to amaze you and will attract readers, but sometimes what the book describes just isn't happening
 It certainly is no surprise with the development of technology and expansion of capitalism that knowledge-based workers are the future in American Society. It seems to me that Drucker spent too much time attempting to criticize Marx, which was a complete failure. Drucker didn't even fully analyze Globalization in its entirety.It certainly is no surprise with the development of technology and expansion of capitalism that knowledge-based workers are the future in American Society. It seems to me that Drucker spent too much time attempting to criticize Marx, which was a complete failure. Drucker didn't even fully analyze Globalization in its entirety.The only credit that should be given to this book is his analyzation of the American worker. Nonetheless, he offers a limited viewpoint on all aspects of society. Look elsewhere if you want to get a better understanding of where our world is headed and what state we are in. Drucker neglects the whole and simply accepts what backs his own perspective
 Mr. O'Nan should have taken a refresher course in basic writing.  His skipping and skimming and throwing to and fro people, events, etc., is downright frustrating and confuses the project.  Unlike superior literary treatments (see Walter Lord's TITANIC), this book leave you with more questions than anything else and the urge to take a long, hot shower. 
 This fourth installment of Becky's trying tribulations is the worst. The qualty has plummeted from passable fun to total embarrassment. I don't understand how Kinsella's editor didn't draw the line (and the red pencil) at the litany of shopping expeditions. And her endless, excrutitating 'inner' reflections. Becky's exploits aren't amusing anymore. Her purchases on her honeymoon aren't wacky. They're bewildering. For a shopaholic with supposedly good taste, Becky buys the ugliest sounding things on her travels and then flogs them all on Ebay once home in England. And oh yes, then she discovers a long lost sister. That situation is about as believable as three designer wedding dresses and two weddings from the previous book. And then Bex and her sister wind up on a rock rescued by Tarquin in his personal helicopter. I am not making this up. It's all there in the book. And none of it is even remotely entertaining. And now God help us, Becky is pregnant. AARRGGGH!      
 This is a revolutionary book. It introduces the stage metaphor into sociology; all of social interaction is a performance on a stage. It's questionable how novel this metaphor is, but this is certianly its first explicit statement. The language used to present the ideas of the author is, like most sociological writing, unecessarily complicated. There are some problems with clarity and structure; the book just doesnt have a holistic feel for me. No sociological background is presupposed, there is extensive quoting from other sociological sources, many footnotes, and various other ways to enter sociological literature throught the book. So if you are interested in reading sociology, this is probably a good place to start (again, the language is unecessicarily thick and this may be it's bane as an introduction).This is a revolutionary book. It introduces the stage metaphor into sociology; all of social interaction is a performance on a stage. It's questionable how novel this metaphor is, but this is certianly its first explicit statement. The language used to present the ideas of the author is, like most sociological writing, unecessarily complicated. There are some problems with clarity and structure; the book just doesnt have a holistic feel for me. No sociological background is presupposed, there is extensive quoting from other sociological sources, many footnotes, and various other ways to enter sociological literature throught the book. So if you are interested in reading sociology, this is probably a good place to start (again, the language is unecessicarily thick and this may be it's bane as an introduction).However, the book is misguided. The idea of viewing social interaction as a performance on a stage is unecessary. The authors motives for saying this will make my position clearer.However, the book is misguided. The idea of viewing social interaction as a performance on a stage is unecessary. The authors motives for saying this will make my position clearer.(The following is a charicature of the author's argument). There is certianly a large amount of social behavior which is directed towards other people (the audience) in order for the audience to build an impression of the actor. Well, if it can happen here we can draw a parallel with other situations, infact all situations and therfore all of social interaction is like a performance on a stage, "All the world is not, of course, a stage, but the crucial ways in which it isnt are hard to specify" (p 72). The performances can either be with individuals, or groups of people, and they can be performing conciously or unconciously. (end of charicature)(The following is a charicature of the author's argument). There is certianly a large amount of social behavior which is directed towards other people (the audience) in order for the audience to build an impression of the actor. Well, if it can happen here we can draw a parallel with other situations, infact all situations and therfore all of social interaction is like a performance on a stage, "All the world is not, of course, a stage, but the crucial ways in which it isnt are hard to specify" (p 72). The performances can either be with individuals, or groups of people, and they can be performing conciously or unconciously. (end of charicature)There are other arguments, obviously, and the statement "we can draw a parallel with other situations" is most of the content of the book, which i dont like to gloss over with a sentence. But the real question here is, is the view worthwhile? My answer: No. Social interaction is a complex phenomena that cant possibly be summed up with a signle metaphor. Yes, some social interaction is like a performance, where indivudals are intentionally making impressions on one another. Yes, some social behavior can arise from unconcious beliefs. However, most social interaction is exactly the way we see it, conciously controlled, meaningful, purposeful interaction with individuals; it is not some kind of performance with the purpose of creating a "reality".There are other arguments, obviously, and the statement "we can draw a parallel with other situations" is most of the content of the book, which i dont like to gloss over with a sentence. But the real question here is, is the view worthwhile? My answer: No. Social interaction is a complex phenomena that cant possibly be summed up with a signle metaphor. Yes, some social interaction is like a performance, where indivudals are intentionally making impressions on one another. Yes, some social behavior can arise from unconcious beliefs. However, most social interaction is exactly the way we see it, conciously controlled, meaningful, purposeful interaction with individuals; it is not some kind of performance with the purpose of creating a "reality".I hope my view of the book is clear so that the biases on the final part of my review can be sorted out: the book is a waste of time. Where the author is right, the statement is little more than common sense. Where the author goes outside of common sense, he's wrong, sometimes plainly so. This book is part of the tradition in sociology of thinking that society pulls the wool over each individuals eyes, that reality is a social construct with no purpose other than social control (here the wool is the performance, and the control has to do with impressions ... but this quickly degenerates into an obscure mess of assertions). There is no real empirical support given for most of the claims. Where "evidence" is given, the evididence is so heavily intepreted that it fails to correspond to facts in the world but rather to facts about the views of the reporter. Where there is no correspondence to the world there is no truth. Various sources of sociology are cited, but this is more like intellectual bullying. Saying that some author, which also didnt have any empirical support for his claims, agrees with you is just to bully your reader into acepting your claims. The claims in the book have no practical application in the world, but only serve to intepret situations differently, and in personal opinion, less correctly. Nothing said here will lead to better predictions about social behavior or a better understanding of psychology. In short, this isnt a scientific study at all. I hope my view of the book is clear so that the biases on the final part of my review can be sorted out: the book is a waste of time. Where the author is right, the statement is little more than common sense. Where the author goes outside of common sense, he's wrong, sometimes plainly so. This book is part of the tradition in sociology of thinking that society pulls the wool over each individuals eyes, that reality is a social construct with no purpose other than social control (here the wool is the performance, and the control has to do with impressions ... but this quickly degenerates into an obscure mess of assertions). There is no real empirical support given for most of the claims. Where "evidence" is given, the evididence is so heavily intepreted that it fails to correspond to facts in the world but rather to facts about the views of the reporter. Where there is no correspondence to the world there is no truth. Various sources of sociology are cited, but this is more like intellectual bullying. Saying that some author, which also didnt have any empirical support for his claims, agrees with you is just to bully your reader into acepting your claims. The claims in the book have no practical application in the world, but only serve to intepret situations differently, and in personal opinion, less correctly. Nothing said here will lead to better predictions about social behavior or a better understanding of psychology. In short, this isnt a scientific study at all. My final qualm with the book deserves its own paragraph, the use of language. The best example is the definitions given at the end of the introduction "A performance may be defined as all of the activity of a given participant on a given occasion which serves to influence in any way any of the other participants" (15). This is a curios definition. Me breathing while i work is a performance, it changes the percentages of O2 and CO2 in the atmosphere near my co-workers. Me staring into space is a performance, other people see me stare into space and are therefore influenced. Infact, me simply existing is a performance, since my existance causes a gravitational effect on the other participants, as well as influencing them to create beliefs about me existing. Its as if Goffman created a definition for performance which included all possible actions taken by any person, and then wrote a book about how all possible actions taken by any person fall under the category of performance. He didnt. He used a word that we associate with controlled behavior (performance) and defined it in a way no one is used to. Then he used alot of word play to show that behavior has no substance, its all for the purpose of maintaining social reality. I hope this very limited example shows the terrible use of language that is endemic to Goffman and sociology more generally.My final qualm with the book deserves its own paragraph, the use of language. The best example is the definitions given at the end of the introduction "A performance may be defined as all of the activity of a given participant on a given occasion which serves to influence in any way any of the other participants" (15). This is a curios definition. Me breathing while i work is a performance, it changes the percentages of O2 and CO2 in the atmosphere near my co-workers. Me staring into space is a performance, other people see me stare into space and are therefore influenced. Infact, me simply existing is a performance, since my existance causes a gravitational effect on the other participants, as well as influencing them to create beliefs about me existing. Its as if Goffman created a definition for performance which included all possible actions taken by any person, and then wrote a book about how all possible actions taken by any person fall under the category of performance. He didnt. He used a word that we associate with controlled behavior (performance) and defined it in a way no one is used to. Then he used alot of word play to show that behavior has no substance, its all for the purpose of maintaining social reality. I hope this very limited example shows the terrible use of language that is endemic to Goffman and sociology more generally.So an ode to sociology is in order ... actually no it isnt. Why wont this subject go away? This book is an integral part of sociology, and it espouses the methods and style of sociological researchers and writers by being an archetypical work within the tradition. The methods are questionable; the style is obscure. Like it or hate it, sociology is a part of modern thought. Read the book to be an educated person and keep in mind its intellectual failings
 Robin Williams used to tell a joke about his son, saying that whenever he got angry with him his son would say 'you hit me and I'll write a book.' I'd like to tell you that there is some deeper meaning behind Peggy Salinger's memior about life with her father, but it seems to more or less boil down to that same idea. Although there are some interesting revelations about Salinger as a man, his daughter doesn't seem to appreciate that many of the problems she faced in her youth were not neccessarily unique to being the daughter of JD Salinger, they're the problems that children of divorce and children who live in rural areas face everyday. There's a lot of blame thrown around here, and not a whole lot of admitting to one's own mistakes. Although this is probably to be expected, it's still frustrating, since Margaret Salinger has more or less made a career out of trading on her father's good name, and since many of her chief complaints about her famous father are largely hypocritical. (Complaining about your father's desire for privacy but refusing to mention the name of your first husband was probably a bad idea.) I admit that her father is probably not as nice a guy as you think he would be, but this is not really a revelation, nor should it affect your feelings about his work. I wouldn't recommend reading it unless your working on a thesis of some sort
 I was at first rather impressed by the epic size of the book thinking it must contain something new about the comedian. Well, I was wrong. It was long, tedious and nasty. Granted, Chaplin was not perfect, but the author's preoccupation with his imperfections borders on sickening. A better title for this book would be 'Trash, what I think of Charlie'. Joyce Milton would do well writing for tabloids..
 Many reviewers on this site read TLGPE in the 70's, when we were young and impressionable. (I happened to be 13 when I read it.) If one could be sued for intellectual forgery, Lindsey would certainly be found at fault.Many reviewers on this site read TLGPE in the 70's, when we were young and impressionable. (I happened to be 13 when I read it.) If one could be sued for intellectual forgery, Lindsey would certainly be found at fault.Most of us, thankfully, have gotten past our fears that plagued our teenage years. After all, when we read TLGPE, we were young. We were searching and seeking. We didn't have all of the facts. There were wolves who knew this, and they preyed upon us. Many people who were older, yet still intellectually undeveloped, read this book and were moved to 'believing'.Most of us, thankfully, have gotten past our fears that plagued our teenage years. After all, when we read TLGPE, we were young. We were searching and seeking. We didn't have all of the facts. There were wolves who knew this, and they preyed upon us. Many people who were older, yet still intellectually undeveloped, read this book and were moved to 'believing'.For most of us, our minds matured. We began to see the vast chinks in Lindsey's pompous Christian armor. We began to realize that fear is a weapon brandished by madmen, by people who use a subtle, gentle cloth of manipulation to control others.For most of us, our minds matured. We began to see the vast chinks in Lindsey's pompous Christian armor. We began to realize that fear is a weapon brandished by madmen, by people who use a subtle, gentle cloth of manipulation to control others.This is beyond dangerous. It is beyond extreme, as most of us have now found out.This is beyond dangerous. It is beyond extreme, as most of us have now found out.I love a good horror novel. I love a good 'true crime' thriller. But the fact that people read Lindsey's books and take them at face value is, perhaps, one of the scariest notions I have ever imagined.I love a good horror novel. I love a good 'true crime' thriller. But the fact that people read Lindsey's books and take them at face value is, perhaps, one of the scariest notions I have ever imagined.That, dear reader, is beyond horrific . . . and far more terrifying than anything you'll find in the bible or any of Lindeys 'books'. The only thing scarier is that Mr. Lindsey is still receiving royalties from an outdated, silly, contradictory and completely barbaric book penned over thirty years ago. Please don't be the next sucker. Please don't add this one to your cart.That, dear reader, is beyond horrific . . . and far more terrifying than anything you'll find in the bible or any of Lindeys 'books'. The only thing scarier is that Mr. Lindsey is still receiving royalties from an outdated, silly, contradictory and completely barbaric book penned over thirty years ago. Please don't be the next sucker. Please don't add this one to your cart.
 I am a bright student and have a GPA of 3.86. This book is completely useless for class. I reread the chapters and it simply does not make sense.  I found the internet to contain more useful information.  This book should not be used in any Introduction to Philosophy classes. It is much too complex. If you are attending classes at WIU, I would skip the purchase of this book and rely on the internet for your assignments
   Great book, of course, but for this edition Oxford used a computer to justify the  type. On every other line you encounter three or four spaces   where there should be  only one. It may not bother most readers, but I'm looking for another    publisher's edition
 This should be retitled "The Leftist, Israel-Hating, Politically Correct Revisionist Guide to the Middle East."       That would be far more accurate.     For a textbook, the author freelances just a tad bit too much, a lot of what is in here is presented as fact but is mostly opinion in disguise.    The author fails in presenting a clear and unbiased view of the Middle East and instead allows his personal politics to get in the way.       This should be retitled "The Leftist, Israel-Hating, Politically Correct Revisionist Guide to the Middle East."       That would be far more accurate.     For a textbook, the author freelances just a tad bit too much, a lot of what is in here is presented as fact but is mostly opinion in disguise.    The author fails in presenting a clear and unbiased view of the Middle East and instead allows his personal politics to get in the way.           My professor dumped this book as the course textbook 1/4 of the way through the semester due to the never-ending left-leaning political commentary.    This is no serious review of the Middle East, just a socialist-based fantasy on how THINGS SHOULD BE.   The author himself proclaims that accuracy isn't always important, its the idea that matters.    My professor dumped this book as the course textbook 1/4 of the way through the semester due to the never-ending left-leaning political commentary.    This is no serious review of the Middle East, just a socialist-based fantasy on how THINGS SHOULD BE.   The author himself proclaims that accuracy isn't always important, its the idea that matters.      This book is a joke, I looked for something serious, unbiased to aid me in learning more about the Middle East but this book doesn't present anything new and its political leanings are just to the left of Stalin.      This book is a joke, I looked for something serious, unbiased to aid me in learning more about the Middle East but this book doesn't present anything new and its political leanings are just to the left of Stalin.      This book is a joke, I looked for something serious, unbiased to aid me in learning more about the Middle East but this book doesn't present anything new and its political leanings are just to the left of Stalin.     If you want to learn what an extreme left liberal thinks of the Middle East, buy this book, otherwise stick to encyclopedias and hopefully, less biased college textbooks.      
 If you're going to write about the city that is Paris, you'd better be up to the task.  Gopnik may have the writing and observation skills that would have served this assignment well, but this collection of essays generally falls flat.  For someone who resided in the City of Light for 5 whole years, Gopnik gives us a surprisingly myopic picture constrained by his own self-absorption.  Those who are interested in Paris and its natives will be sorely disappointed in the smug chronicles of a New Yorker who regards himself and his son to be the most interesting elements of this city.  I have zero interest in My-Toddler-Does-Paris stories and Gopnik's relentless insertion of his look-how-cute-my-kid-is accounts should have been saved for a family re-union instead of wasting precious space that could have been used for more interesting topics.  If you're going to write about the city that is Paris, you'd better be up to the task.  Gopnik may have the writing and observation skills that would have served this assignment well, but this collection of essays generally falls flat.  For someone who resided in the City of Light for 5 whole years, Gopnik gives us a surprisingly myopic picture constrained by his own self-absorption.  Those who are interested in Paris and its natives will be sorely disappointed in the smug chronicles of a New Yorker who regards himself and his son to be the most interesting elements of this city.  I have zero interest in My-Toddler-Does-Paris stories and Gopnik's relentless insertion of his look-how-cute-my-kid-is accounts should have been saved for a family re-union instead of wasting precious space that could have been used for more interesting topics.  For a better book on Paris cuisine and culture, check out the collection of Gourmet essays from the last 60 years titled 'Remembrance of Things Paris'.  It provides a wider variety of perspectives and a more expansive and interesting view of Paris -- and it's blessedly free of all that baby's-scrapbook stuff. 
 The book isn't good at all. I'm sorry. I loved I am Legend and seeing the list of books this guy has written which had been developed into classic horror movies (Hell House included) I was really excited to read this. I have heard many complaints about the book from calling it "soft porn" to "sick soft porn" and then even being offended by the sacrilege present in the tale. Sacrilege in a book called...Hell House is probably something you need to come to terms with before picking it up. Attacking the author because of the content is really something that is not necessary. I doubt these were Mathis' "sexual fantasies" in the book but more likely his idea of melding something pleasurable together with something terrifying. It is an effective way to convey horror to a reader. Similar to enacting horrible violence on children, or worse, babies in cinema (try watching the Hills Have Eyes without being on the edge of your seat while the villains in the movie dangle the fate of an infant in your face). Mathis should not be condemned for content.The book isn't good at all. I'm sorry. I loved I am Legend and seeing the list of books this guy has written which had been developed into classic horror movies (Hell House included) I was really excited to read this. I have heard many complaints about the book from calling it "soft porn" to "sick soft porn" and then even being offended by the sacrilege present in the tale. Sacrilege in a book called...Hell House is probably something you need to come to terms with before picking it up. Attacking the author because of the content is really something that is not necessary. I doubt these were Mathis' "sexual fantasies" in the book but more likely his idea of melding something pleasurable together with something terrifying. It is an effective way to convey horror to a reader. Similar to enacting horrible violence on children, or worse, babies in cinema (try watching the Hills Have Eyes without being on the edge of your seat while the villains in the movie dangle the fate of an infant in your face). Mathis should not be condemned for content.Here is what he did right. He took the idea of a haunted house and brought it into the world of science. Much like I am Legend used science to define its vampires, Hell House uses science to define hauntings and it is very well researched and believable within the framework of the story.Here is what he did right. He took the idea of a haunted house and brought it into the world of science. Much like I am Legend used science to define its vampires, Hell House uses science to define hauntings and it is very well researched and believable within the framework of the story.The bad parts may be more numerous. His characterization is horrid. There are four characters really and their personalities do not define them. You will remember Barrett by his limp, Fishcer by his fear, Florence by her religious beliefs, and Edith...well because there is no one else. They are paper thin and have no real motivations. The pacing seems poor too. A lot of moments are left on revelations in the point of view characters mind which that character has not fully processed because the chapter ends before they can relay it and all of its profound meaning to you, the reader. As a matter of fact the revelations themselves, when all is said and done, are really pretty dull. There is also a habit characters have, when going into great lengths of exposition that goes on for pages, to cup their hands around a coffee cup. It seems too much like a commercial for me! Anyway, the book hardly slows down for characterization or details and we get very few vivid descriptions in the book. Sometimes I wanted to know what things looked like, I wanted imagery not just exposition for pages. What was it about the atmosphere that, say Fischer found so scary? We needed the scenes to be better developed. By the end I was so tired of lines like:The bad parts may be more numerous. His characterization is horrid. There are four characters really and their personalities do not define them. You will remember Barrett by his limp, Fishcer by his fear, Florence by her religious beliefs, and Edith...well because there is no one else. They are paper thin and have no real motivations. The pacing seems poor too. A lot of moments are left on revelations in the point of view characters mind which that character has not fully processed because the chapter ends before they can relay it and all of its profound meaning to you, the reader. As a matter of fact the revelations themselves, when all is said and done, are really pretty dull. There is also a habit characters have, when going into great lengths of exposition that goes on for pages, to cup their hands around a coffee cup. It seems too much like a commercial for me! Anyway, the book hardly slows down for characterization or details and we get very few vivid descriptions in the book. Sometimes I wanted to know what things looked like, I wanted imagery not just exposition for pages. What was it about the atmosphere that, say Fischer found so scary? We needed the scenes to be better developed. By the end I was so tired of lines like:"God do you know what this means?""What?""I can't tell you now but it's freakin' awesome!""I can't tell you now but it's freakin' awesome!"That exchange is not in the book but you will find many similar moments throughout. Just tell us already! The fear should come through our attachment to the characters not the mystery of the house because the mystery of the house is kind of weak. This book is not worth it, unfortunately. I hate to say it because I Am Legend is really good (though it did suffer from some of the same things I pointed out above, though on a smaller level). It's the classic "show don't tell" advice
 No thrills and a pointless plot marr what could have been a pretty decent story.No thrills and a pointless plot marr what could have been a pretty decent story.The whole thing is based on who wants to kill Darby and why. And that is where it falls apart. The FBI or CIA could have easily investigated faster and easier then she could, and what is the point of trying to kill her?The whole thing is based on who wants to kill Darby and why. And that is where it falls apart. The FBI or CIA could have easily investigated faster and easier then she could, and what is the point of trying to kill her?To bury what is already out in the open? The FBI, CIA and White House all had a copy. What are they trying to silence? Nothing at all. Perhaps if it were just for revenge the plot might not have collapsed on itself
 This book is more of the same rehashed, recycled, repurposed content from the authors. Much of this material is available in any basic marketing text. In fact, this book reads strikingly similar to just about any training manual on the basics of branding. If you've worked at any of the big agencies: McCann, JWT, Y&R, you learn the contents of this book on your first day in about a hour. All the cases cited in this book are stale and extremely weak. The "editorial reviews" listed above are shill quotes from clients who are cited as "cases" in the book. Remember this before you buy: the author, and the firm for whom he works, use this book as nothing more than a lead-generation tool--it's called "thought leadership", a nebulous term used by company to propagate its own way of thinking. Save your money. Don't become a victim of Prophet's propoganda. Buy something with substance like Jean Noel Kapferer. 
 "A Dirty Job" was my first Christopher Moore novel, and will probably be my last.  I was captivated by the story line as I read the dust jacket, but found that the writing was not nearly as interesting.  I thought the author spent way too many pages with humdrum matters of no real interest, and very little addressing the actual theme of the book.  Although wanting to relate sympathetically to the book's hero, I just wasn't drawn in enough to care about him.  The action began in the final quarter of the book, and you had better suspend reality before reading it.  I actually couldn't wait for the book to end so I could move on to something more interesting
 I enjoyed Andy Kessler's book about finance (Wall St Meat) but this one is just silly.  It seems to show the wisdom of the old writer's saw about sticking with something you know about.  This book is like sitting in a bar listening to a drunken bore try to impress you with all the little bits and pieces he heard at a hospital that day.   I couldn't wait to get to the end so I could throw it out
 The word Atlas is misleading as there is alot of text accompanying the various maps. Some pages are nothing but text. I expect an Atlas to use maps to explain more rather than words. The maps that are in the book are good, but numerous sections do not have one.The word Atlas is misleading as there is alot of text accompanying the various maps. Some pages are nothing but text. I expect an Atlas to use maps to explain more rather than words. The maps that are in the book are good, but numerous sections do not have one.The book is split into sections/topics written by individual persons. However, in many sections the text ends in mid-sentence, as if several pages were forgotten about in each section or as if there was some arbitrary cutoff on the # of words per section.The book is split into sections/topics written by individual persons. However, in many sections the text ends in mid-sentence, as if several pages were forgotten about in each section or as if there was some arbitrary cutoff on the # of words per section.of this approx 200 page book, sentence cutoffs appear on these pages. Each page also represents the end of a section.of this approx 200 page book, sentence cutoffs appear on these pages. Each page also represents the end of a section.p.37,55,63,82,89,96,115,141,149,163, and 175p.37,55,63,82,89,96,115,141,149,163, and 175clearly, not just a simple oversight.clearly, not just a simple oversight.Also, the table of contents is inadequate, as it primarily denotes the major sections - which is by ocean, but not the individual topics.Also, the table of contents is inadequate, as it primarily denotes the major sections - which is by ocean, but not the individual topics.I give this 2 stars (Rather than 1) as the idea is good, and the content that is in the book - looks good. Execution is another story. Frankly, I would be a embarassed by the editing and quality control oversights
 Wow..What lies.  I NEVER hear any kind of news channel favor the left...NEVER.  The media, especially FOX News, has a right wing bias..its 100% FACT, proven beyond any reasonable doubt.  The republican right wing NUT JOB Wackos INVENTED the concept of a liberal bias in the media for political advantage, and its simply not true.Wow..What lies.  I NEVER hear any kind of news channel favor the left...NEVER.  The media, especially FOX News, has a right wing bias..its 100% FACT, proven beyond any reasonable doubt.  The republican right wing NUT JOB Wackos INVENTED the concept of a liberal bias in the media for political advantage, and its simply not true.Republicans are the worst thing that could ever happen to this country, all they know how to do is lie, cheat, steal, and profit off of the suffering of others.  Oh yeah, and these religious wing nuts are delusional bigots who think some guy waved a magic wand and invented the universe.  Give me a break.Republicans are the worst thing that could ever happen to this country, all they know how to do is lie, cheat, steal, and profit off of the suffering of others.  Oh yeah, and these religious wing nuts are delusional bigots who think some guy waved a magic wand and invented the universe.  Give me a break.This book is 100% lies.  I actually burned the book after I read it...(Notice the lack of credible sources).This book is 100% lies.  I actually burned the book after I read it...(Notice the lack of credible sources).Good job republicans...Continue to make up news...the people are catching on!Good job republicans...Continue to make up news...the people are catching on!
 The Amazon description says Vol. 1-3, boxed set, hardcover.  That is all true.  What they don't tell you is that there are actually six volumes.  The box in which it comes is clearly marked, "Volumes 1-3 (of six)."  That would have been a much better description for Amazon to have used.  If you have volumes 4-6 and you are looking to complete the set, this book is for you.  If you are looking for the complete set, look elsewhere
 Sadly, this thrilling sea-yarn from 1897 is nearly unreadable today.  Between the seafaring jargon - which must have delighted boys of yore - and the unfathomable dialects, it can take ages to puzzle out a page.  Some of the anecdotes related by the good seamen of the schooner "We're Here," which has picked up over-privileged Harvey Cheyne when he was washed overboard from a luxury liner, I could not grasp the point or moral of.  My husband has read all the Patrick O'Brian series, so I asked him to puzzle out a representative story, that of Counahan the Navigator, and after spending 15 minutes reading me a few pages aloud and filling me in on the few terms he understood, he said, "Honey, I see what you mean."   One can get the general gist, but it's best to read through fast, then go back and see if any of it makes any more sense.  Sadly, this thrilling sea-yarn from 1897 is nearly unreadable today.  Between the seafaring jargon - which must have delighted boys of yore - and the unfathomable dialects, it can take ages to puzzle out a page.  Some of the anecdotes related by the good seamen of the schooner "We're Here," which has picked up over-privileged Harvey Cheyne when he was washed overboard from a luxury liner, I could not grasp the point or moral of.  My husband has read all the Patrick O'Brian series, so I asked him to puzzle out a representative story, that of Counahan the Navigator, and after spending 15 minutes reading me a few pages aloud and filling me in on the few terms he understood, he said, "Honey, I see what you mean."   One can get the general gist, but it's best to read through fast, then go back and see if any of it makes any more sense.  For example, when educated Harvey says, "Why can't we always fish from the boat instead of from the dories?" his pal Dan answers, "Allus can, till we begin to dress daown.  Efter thet, the heads and offals, 'u'd scare the fish to Fundy.  Boat-fishin' ain't reckoned progressive, though, unless ye know as much as dad knows.  Guess we'll run aout aour trawl to-night.  Harder on the back, this, than frum the dory, ain't it?For example, when educated Harvey says, "Why can't we always fish from the boat instead of from the dories?" his pal Dan answers, "Allus can, till we begin to dress daown.  Efter thet, the heads and offals, 'u'd scare the fish to Fundy.  Boat-fishin' ain't reckoned progressive, though, unless ye know as much as dad knows.  Guess we'll run aout aour trawl to-night.  Harder on the back, this, than frum the dory, ain't it?I got my B.A. in English, and I would rather tackle Joyce's "Ulysses" than an unannotated version of this book.I got my B.A. in English, and I would rather tackle Joyce's "Ulysses" than an unannotated version of this book.So why did I bother?  A few days ago, a friend showed us the DVD of the 1937 movie, starring Spencer Tracy and Lionel Barrymore, on his big screen home theater, and it was thrilling and very moving.  The movie is quite different from the book, though, but it may give some incentive to check out for oneself how Kipling crafted the story, as it did for me.  But dear teachers, PLEASE, do not subject students to this particular title unless you are going to spend the semester on it and are willing to turn them off classic literature forever!  (Let them read "Cannery Row" instead!)
 I would not personally recommend this book to horror/thriller fans.  I would definitely not recommend this book for anyone under 18!  If you like soap operas, you may enjoy this book a lot.  If you are searching for the secrets of Rose Red or a good ghost story, this is not your book.I would not personally recommend this book to horror/thriller fans.  I would definitely not recommend this book for anyone under 18!  If you like soap operas, you may enjoy this book a lot.  If you are searching for the secrets of Rose Red or a good ghost story, this is not your book.I read the story before the author was made known.  I thought it might be Stephen King or Tabitha King.  The writing style was far below Stephen King's style and it was very erotic, which I suspected Tabitha King to be the author.  However, the accounts of Ellen were obviously written by a man, as the erotic episodes were definitely not from the viewpoint of a woman.  So, it was no surprise when the author was neither Stephen nor Tabitha, but a male author I have never heard of.I read the story before the author was made known.  I thought it might be Stephen King or Tabitha King.  The writing style was far below Stephen King's style and it was very erotic, which I suspected Tabitha King to be the author.  However, the accounts of Ellen were obviously written by a man, as the erotic episodes were definitely not from the viewpoint of a woman.  So, it was no surprise when the author was neither Stephen nor Tabitha, but a male author I have never heard of.The book reveals almost nothing new about Rose Red and it's secrets.  I would dare say that 90% of the diary goes on and on about Ellen and John's wealth and extremely dysfunctional marriage.  On and on about John's extramarital affairs, Ellen's withholding of sexual favors, more affairs, more withholding of favors, more affairs, more favors withheld.  The story is a vicious circle regarding this.  It's almost like she gets burned, but yet continues to play with fire.  Very frustrating and almost boring, as you read the same scenarios redundantly.  By the third time, you know exactly what he's doing and how she will retaliate.  Silly.The book reveals almost nothing new about Rose Red and it's secrets.  I would dare say that 90% of the diary goes on and on about Ellen and John's wealth and extremely dysfunctional marriage.  On and on about John's extramarital affairs, Ellen's withholding of sexual favors, more affairs, more withholding of favors, more affairs, more favors withheld.  The story is a vicious circle regarding this.  It's almost like she gets burned, but yet continues to play with fire.  Very frustrating and almost boring, as you read the same scenarios redundantly.  By the third time, you know exactly what he's doing and how she will retaliate.  Silly.I mentioned above that the Diary of Ellem Rimbauer revealed no new secrets of the house.  In fact, as the diary progresses, it skips four occurrences (it made mention of the four, like "by the way, four disappearances happened since last time I wrote, but I won't tell you about them").  And this I found obnoxious - ***SPOILER ALERT***  Ellen waits some three or so years for a sance from a master uber-psychic.  Three long years.  But after the sance, nothing is revealed!   The book is riddled with episodes like this.  Some big secret is coming.  When it finally is revealed, it's no secret at all.  It's something dumb, like "yes, there are spirits in the house".  What spirits?  Why?  Who?  Nothing is ever satisfactorily explained.I mentioned above that the Diary of Ellem Rimbauer revealed no new secrets of the house.  In fact, as the diary progresses, it skips four occurrences (it made mention of the four, like "by the way, four disappearances happened since last time I wrote, but I won't tell you about them").  And this I found obnoxious - ***SPOILER ALERT***  Ellen waits some three or so years for a sance from a master uber-psychic.  Three long years.  But after the sance, nothing is revealed!   The book is riddled with episodes like this.  Some big secret is coming.  When it finally is revealed, it's no secret at all.  It's something dumb, like "yes, there are spirits in the house".  What spirits?  Why?  Who?  Nothing is ever satisfactorily explained.I would have given it one star, however it seemed to have a single quality.  At the start of the diary, Ellen was an ordinary 19 year old fiance to John.  Soon, she is corrupted by John, wealth, maybe corrupted by her African best friend (jury is still out), and hatred.  She prays to God, but also to "her other god" (the dark one).  At first, you suppose she is playing with fire.  Right on.  She gets consumed by darkness, revenge, and hatred and falls into self destruction.  I would have given it one star, however it seemed to have a single quality.  At the start of the diary, Ellen was an ordinary 19 year old fiance to John.  Soon, she is corrupted by John, wealth, maybe corrupted by her African best friend (jury is still out), and hatred.  She prays to God, but also to "her other god" (the dark one).  At first, you suppose she is playing with fire.  Right on.  She gets consumed by darkness, revenge, and hatred and falls into self destruction.  Overall, I personally thought it read like fan fiction.  I would bet the author whipped up this short story just for giggles, but somehow it got published.  I was disappointed, hoping for a good ghost story.  But I ended up reading a soft-porn, soap opera style plot.Overall, I personally thought it read like fan fiction.  I would bet the author whipped up this short story just for giggles, but somehow it got published.  I was disappointed, hoping for a good ghost story.  But I ended up reading a soft-porn, soap opera style plot.Hope I don't offend those who loved the book :
 The book's appearance and story line are both lighthearted and gentle with the underlying message that acceptance is the highest of all virtues. This approach will probably work for a typical 5 year old child in a Lesbian led household - especially a girl child. If the child is a boy and/or approachng 8 or 9 years old, the hard questions start coming and this book pretends these questions will never be asked.Doesn't everyone have a father, somewhere? Who is my father? What is he like? Where is he? Does he know about me? Does he care about me? Why don't I know? Why don't you know, Mommy?Mommy, when you grew up you lived with your Daddy, why don't I?When I grow up, should I live with a man or a woman? Why? How/when will I know? Does it matter? Is our family really a complete family if my father is unknown?I want to be a father some day. How do I learn what good fathers do?I love my friends and my dog;Does that make us a family?I love my friends and my dog;Does that make us a family?Think about it.  
 If you want a VERY simple will or a VERY simple living will or power of attorney for health care, this program will work for you. However, it offers only a very narrow range of options for personalizing the generic forms included in the package. I disliked this program so much that I threw the whole package in the trash. 
 Tipler says many times "as I have proved".  Huh? What the f is he talking about?  There is no proof in this stinking pile of filth.  He's got an abundance of physics in the back of the book-I'd like to hear from a physicist if any of that crap makes any sense, but I don't think it should matter.  I am intelligent enough to understand basic physics concepts, and Tipler just doesn't make any sense.  His writing is so bad that anyone who reads this entire thing will have wasted a colossal ammount of time.  The more books you read, the sooner you know when to stop reading, put the book down, and read a work of fiction instead, which can play with such ideas without boring you to death
 I enjoy the Hillerman Navajo mysteries because the characters are well developed. Not so in this book. I found the first half really boring and hard to get through. The characters were not people you could care about, an important issue for me
 As a piece of entertainment, this book falls flat. Way flat.  There is a story here, but mundane sub-plots (including the love story) are thrown in in an attempt to fill the pages to make it a book.  I found myself skipping pages - lots of them - to get to the point.  Overall, very disappointing. 
 Amazingly tedious for a thriller.  Reacher is a good character, believable in his expertise, but a bit cold blooded in his use of violence. The book takes too long to tell everything (and I mean everything) - it seems every minute of the week long plot is chronicled as is every thought Reacher has (many repeated over and over). I hope Child fixed these flaws in later books.
 I really thought I would be able to learn about the Philadelphia Project from this book, considering the title. However, the actual project doesn't make an appearence until the last chapter. The entire book focuses on ideas that may or may not have contributed to a project that may or may not have taken place. This book was disappoiting to an extreme.
 As I read this book it was easy to tell that it was not written by Mr. Cussler, the story was slow and the plot was transparent.   This book just didn't have the "zing" of the older Cussler stories.This book just didn't have the "zing" of the older Cussler stories.If you are just laying around with nothing else to do it will give you something to read
 Does D.S. know any other law schools besides, Harvard and Yale for her characters to have attended. I am so tired of her books...this is it for me.  Its the usual suspects for her...rich and white....quite boring.  I used to love her and would read anything from her, but those days are over.....Maybe she should retire
 The very first thing you read in this book is a mistake.  The Prologue begins with a photo of German POWs at the end of WWI.  The photo caption states that the German Army at the end of WWI was "unbroken" and implies that Germany capitulated because of a loss of will on the part of its political leadership.  This is doubly misleading.  The German Army was soundly defeated on Western Front in 1918 and then began to disintegrate.  In 1918, Germany was essentially a military dictatorship run by Ludendorff and Hindenberg.  The political leaders who lost will were the German High Command.  Defeat on the battlefield and despair on the part of senior commanders hardly meets the description of an unbroken army.  Keegan is essentially repeating the pernicious "stab in the back" myth used by the German military and right wing propagandists to undermine the Weimar republic.  Its astonishing to see this published decades later by someone who is supposed to be an expert on such matters.  This type of error recurs throughout this book.  My favorite relatively minor error is Keegan moving the Ploesti oilfields, a major strategic resource, from Romania to Hungary.  See prior reader reviews for documentation of a number of factual errors of varying magnitude.  Just as important and in some cases even more important are Keegan's failures to discuss crucial aspects of WWII.  He makes little effort, for example, to discuss the origins of the war.  Indeed, his paragraphs on this topic suggest that he finds it too confusing to discuss.  Leaving aside his shirking of his obligation to discuss this crucial topic, there are excellent overviews of 20s and 30s that are good guides to this admittedly formidable topic.  Instead of an effort to discuss the origins of the war, we get a superficial and somewhat misleading discussion of how industrialization transformed military technology and organization.  Instead of a discussion of the sad history of the Weimar Republic, crucial for understanding the ascent of the Nazis, we get another misleading discussion of the Freikorps phenomenon.  Among other significant omissions are his failure to grapple with the possible strategic significance of the Allied bombing campaign against Germany, a issue analyzed insightfully by Richard Overy in 2 of his excellent books.  Keegan's discussion of the Holocaust in both inadequate and implicitly misleading.  Partly because he doesn't discuss the origins of the war and the role played by Nazi ideology in starting the war he fails to show that in crucial respects the Holocaust was the point of German aggression.  The Nazis went to war not just to overturn the Versailles settlement or even to conquer Eastern Europe, but to impose their bizarre notions of racial conflict on the rest of Europe.  Without this background, its impossible to understand the outbreak and the specific nature of WWII.  Among other things, Nazi racism prevented them from rationally exploiting the resources of the western Soviet Union, a factor in their eventual defeat.  As pointed out by other reviewers, Keegan devotes a disproportionate amount of the book to activities of the Western allies when the Eastern front was really the crucial theatre.  To be fair to Keegan, writing a concise 1 volume book like this is very difficult.  The best 1 volume work on WWII is Gerhard Weinberg's book, which is about 1000 pages of text in a fairly small font.  Some of the individual sections of this book are quite good and Keegan has a nice, sometimes actually elegant, writing style.  None of these positive features, however, can overcome his neglect of basic features of WWII and the lack of attention to basic facts.  This is not just error, this is actual negligence.  
 This book is almost useless for helping someone understand how to use acupressure to alleviate physical symptoms. As a licensed massage therapist who already knows quite a bit about acupressure, I am always willing to learn  more about any kind of bodywork. I had hoped to be able to pass on some ideas to my clients for self help but this book was definitely not it. The book gives some accupoints for specific problems, some of these are "golden points" able to stand alone in use, but others are not. The book gives no order to use these in and furthermore does not specify if all or any of the points are to be used together in sequence, or not. Also,it does't tell where the points are EXACTLY. There are really too many flaws to go into here. Acupressure is very complex, this book tries to simplify it to the point that it looks like some goofy folklore advocating some bad mojo
 I bought this software hoping that it would help me to find required mathematical formulas faster. At home on my powermac (OSX.1, OS9.2) I only see messed up windows. Furthermore, the formulas are unreadable, using an archaic font. Trying to save the day, I went to my linux machine at work reading &quot;Your operating system, Linux 2.2.19-7.0.1, is not supported by this software. It appears that the software is only suitable for some SUN and SGI machines. It only appears to run properly on a windows machine. From an editor, who I remember, is one of the few persons finding errors in Knuth's TeX system, I expected much better
 The number of books written in our society is huge and getting huger. Everyone recognizes that far more books are being written and published than can be read. Why are people so anxious to be authors in such a market? One reason, apparently embraced by the Goldstones, is that it is so EASY to write a book! All you have to do is write down some reminiscences of your experiences. They don't have to be particularly interesting experiences. You don't have to do any research into your subject. If you describe what all the people you encounter are wearing, if you go into details of how you found a babysitter for each trip you took, if you quote verbatim phone calls from relatives and shop keepers (even if they are not interesting or witty), and if you describe the hotel rooms you stayed in, you can finish the book in a couple of weekends! And readers can finish the book in a couple of hours with little harm done.The number of books written in our society is huge and getting huger. Everyone recognizes that far more books are being written and published than can be read. Why are people so anxious to be authors in such a market? One reason, apparently embraced by the Goldstones, is that it is so EASY to write a book! All you have to do is write down some reminiscences of your experiences. They don't have to be particularly interesting experiences. You don't have to do any research into your subject. If you describe what all the people you encounter are wearing, if you go into details of how you found a babysitter for each trip you took, if you quote verbatim phone calls from relatives and shop keepers (even if they are not interesting or witty), and if you describe the hotel rooms you stayed in, you can finish the book in a couple of weekends! And readers can finish the book in a couple of hours with little harm done.The book does accurately represent the travails of beginning book collectors, and I recognized some of my own experiences in the stories the authors tell. However, the book does not take the effort to educate readers so that they can skip over common early errors, nor does it attempt to answer many of the questions that the authors themselves raised when they first began collecting. What determines the price of old books? Why are first editions important? Why should Tarzan books cost more than great works of literature? These are good questions that anyone might think of when getting into book collecting, and you will find the questions but not the answers here.The book does accurately represent the travails of beginning book collectors, and I recognized some of my own experiences in the stories the authors tell. However, the book does not take the effort to educate readers so that they can skip over common early errors, nor does it attempt to answer many of the questions that the authors themselves raised when they first began collecting. What determines the price of old books? Why are first editions important? Why should Tarzan books cost more than great works of literature? These are good questions that anyone might think of when getting into book collecting, and you will find the questions but not the answers here.The book is written in a breezy style that is easy to get through, and if you have two hours at an airport to kill, you could do worse than to read it. But by the time you arrive at your destination, you will have likely forgotten most of what you just read, because so much of it is ephemeral details of the authors' own lives, transportation problems, and experiences. If you are really interested in book collecting, it would be wise to read one of the many books that describe what one should look for, how prices are determined, different styles of book collecting, and so on. Fragments of this knowledge are transmitted in this book, but they will leave you with more questions than answers.The book is written in a breezy style that is easy to get through, and if you have two hours at an airport to kill, you could do worse than to read it. But by the time you arrive at your destination, you will have likely forgotten most of what you just read, because so much of it is ephemeral details of the authors' own lives, transportation problems, and experiences. If you are really interested in book collecting, it would be wise to read one of the many books that describe what one should look for, how prices are determined, different styles of book collecting, and so on. Fragments of this knowledge are transmitted in this book, but they will leave you with more questions than answers.To be sure, not every book about book collecting needs to be a font of wisdom. But the entertainment value of the authors' experiences was weak, and did not make up for the absence of useful content
 What exactly is it that Ms Wearstler does? This book is filled with "glam" pictures of recycled design ideas by Billy Haines,Dorothy Draper and Billy Baldwin,mostly of the "Hollywood Regency" style. Ms Wearstler,whose home it is, appears in the photos dressed to the nines and seems to want us to think that she dreamed up this nifty new look. Take a look at the new Billy Haines book and the just released book on Dorothy Draper and you'll see real designers at work AND whose work and style this really is.
 Fans of the ABC-TV show "LOST" will probably be buying "Our Mutual Friend" in droves after having seen Desmond keeping it to be the "last book [I] ever [read]".  Since I did not have to buy it, having purchased a full set of Dickens years ago, I immediately set out to read it.Fans of the ABC-TV show "LOST" will probably be buying "Our Mutual Friend" in droves after having seen Desmond keeping it to be the "last book [I] ever [read]".  Since I did not have to buy it, having purchased a full set of Dickens years ago, I immediately set out to read it.What a disappointment it was!  Dickens wrote it on an installment basis publishing it in a magazine over a 19 month period.  One cannot avoid a sneaking suspicion while reading it that it is, just a bit, perhaps, 'padded'.  Any good editor could have tightened it up at least 200 pages. What a disappointment it was!  Dickens wrote it on an installment basis publishing it in a magazine over a 19 month period.  One cannot avoid a sneaking suspicion while reading it that it is, just a bit, perhaps, 'padded'.  Any good editor could have tightened it up at least 200 pages. Dickens' work is melodrama, but some of it is just more overwrought than is compatible with good art.  As Oscar Wilde said of 'The Old Curiosity Shop', "I simply cannot read of the death of Little Nell without laughing."  'OMF' goes quickly down to this level of bathos and remains there to the last sentence. Dickens' work is melodrama, but some of it is just more overwrought than is compatible with good art.  As Oscar Wilde said of 'The Old Curiosity Shop', "I simply cannot read of the death of Little Nell without laughing."  'OMF' goes quickly down to this level of bathos and remains there to the last sentence. Even worse is the ending.  Some endings just can't help but feel contrived; and Dickens, having gotten a large number of his characters into drastic positions, pulls so many strange- colored rabbits out of his hat that the reader simply feels cheated.Even worse is the ending.  Some endings just can't help but feel contrived; and Dickens, having gotten a large number of his characters into drastic positions, pulls so many strange- colored rabbits out of his hat that the reader simply feels cheated.All of this may seem rather harsh from someone who was willing to shell out hundreds of dollars for "The Complete Oxford Illustrated Dickens" but I assure you that my only concern is for you, gentle reader.  Unless you are possessed of adequate time to read the whole of Dickens' oeuvre or are required to read "Our Mutual Friend", I would, instead, direct you to Dickens' far superior works:  'David Copperfield', 'Oliver Twist', 'Pickwick Papers'.  All of this may seem rather harsh from someone who was willing to shell out hundreds of dollars for "The Complete Oxford Illustrated Dickens" but I assure you that my only concern is for you, gentle reader.  Unless you are possessed of adequate time to read the whole of Dickens' oeuvre or are required to read "Our Mutual Friend", I would, instead, direct you to Dickens' far superior works:  'David Copperfield', 'Oliver Twist', 'Pickwick Papers'.  If you are looking for 'LOST' reading material, I would refer you to 'Watership Down' (Excellent), 'The Stand' (by Stephen King, entertainment, not literature), 'The Dark Tower' series (by Stephen King, entertainment, not literature, and similar to 'Our Mutual Friend' possessed of a fatally flawed ending) or a review of philosophy like 'Locke, Rousseau and Hume'.If you are looking for 'LOST' reading material, I would refer you to 'Watership Down' (Excellent), 'The Stand' (by Stephen King, entertainment, not literature), 'The Dark Tower' series (by Stephen King, entertainment, not literature, and similar to 'Our Mutual Friend' possessed of a fatally flawed ending) or a review of philosophy like 'Locke, Rousseau and Hume'.Namaste and Good Luck,AKA Redemption Isle on TheFuselage.co
 The title is a misrepresentation.  This is not a handbook for driving a Porsche quickly or professionally.  I bought this book because in 2 months I am going to drive my rear engined 993 on a F1 circuit.  I have no circuit experience, and cannot get any coaching or any circuit experience in the country I live in.  Since this is a rear engined car which I have little experience with I was particularly wanting some tips particular to rear engined cars.  There is nothing in the whole book which is particular to driving Porsches or rear engined cars.  The only reason I will not throw this book out is because it has some interesting 1960's and early 19970's Porsche racing pictures (poor quality black and white though).  Also to be fair there are some good racing stories. He is undoubtedly a very impressive driver having been successful at the highest levels in rallying and sports prototype endurance racing.  A better title would be "My Porsche Racing History".  If you want a book on fast driving I would highly recommend Ross Bentley's "Speed Secrets" in place of this book
 When I picked up this book I had high expectations,seeing that it had received good reviews.It opened quite spectacularly as well, on a rather surreal note.But as I read on, I couldn't help wondering what the point was in this rather incoherent, rambling tale.The book seemed like a sloppy, haphazard collection of incidents that didn't make much sense or assist character development. The central character herself was unbelievable and I found it impossible to identify with her or understand her actions or even sympathise with her plights.It seems to me that the writer had tried too hard to create a hip,cutting edge story and the end product was strained and gimmicky. Some incidents were quite mirth-provoking, however,that's why I gave it two stars
 This was another Pinker book I couldn't finish. If he was a taxi-driver he would take you from Brooklyn to New York via San Francisco. Sometimes even his asides have asides! Perhaps like pulp fiction writers he gets paid by the word
 While I very much enjoyed Miss Wearstler's first book, I found Domicilium Decoratus to be borderline obnoxious. Rather than show great decorating, the book focused mainly on close up shots of objects in her house that took up the whole page.In addition, I feel that as the viewer of the book I do not need to see fifteen entire  pages of Miss Wearstler dressed in ball gowns pretending to be domestic
 I am an avid reader, and I will finish a book no matter how difficult it is, or how boring it is, and I couldn't finish this one. It was so dry - and I couldn't connect with any of the characters. I was really disappointed
 I want to make a short comment here:1) This book is quite confusing. It mixed up the real story with the make up one.2) Saying that Ramanujun thought Goldbach Conjecture is wrong was a huge mistake. Everyone believe that Goldbach Conjecture is true. And Ramanujun is a real genius. I cannot stand this make up part
 The plot is good but there are about 200 pages too many.  Why a full chapter to tell us what the protagonists are thinking about the attach case, when we already know it was not in the car and we could tell them where it is? We know where the precious document is : another useless quest. People are murdered by the half dozen, the characters are outrageous, most of the time improbable, and I felt the semi-erotic swimming episode totally stupid, not to mention the girl apologizing constantly about it.I have read much better books than that. Sorry..
 This book is an excellent example of how creationists approach science: write a book with a lot of bafflegab that sounds scientific but is actually devoid of any meaningful content, and then finish up by concluding that evolution is impossible. What a bunch of baloney. This book is an excellent example of how creationists approach science: write a book with a lot of bafflegab that sounds scientific but is actually devoid of any meaningful content, and then finish up by concluding that evolution is impossible. What a bunch of baloney. First of all, evolution, in the sense of "common descent," is not impossible. Even ID-iot superstars Michael Behe, Stephen Meyer, and Jonathan Wells have admitted as much. (See a summary of their recent testimony in the Kansas biology curriculum hearings in the evolution/creationism forum at the West Virginia Gazette. (wvgazettemail) (put "/forums" after com) So any ID-iot who thinks all that bafflegab about irreducible complexity (IC) and the nonsense in this film is the death knell of evolution is simply ignorant.  Man evolved from non-human ancestors. Get over it. First of all, evolution, in the sense of "common descent," is not impossible. Even ID-iot superstars Michael Behe, Stephen Meyer, and Jonathan Wells have admitted as much. (See a summary of their recent testimony in the Kansas biology curriculum hearings in the evolution/creationism forum at the West Virginia Gazette. (wvgazettemail) (put "/forums" after com) So any ID-iot who thinks all that bafflegab about irreducible complexity (IC) and the nonsense in this film is the death knell of evolution is simply ignorant.  Man evolved from non-human ancestors. Get over it. Thaxton in particular ought to read that summary, since he himself was one of the witnesses and looked particularly ID-iotic.  Thaxton in particular ought to read that summary, since he himself was one of the witnesses and looked particularly ID-iotic.  In any case, the empirical data discussed in this book is indeed nothing but bafflegab. Talking about the allegedly empirical foundation for intelligent design makes it sound deliciously scientific, especially to poorly educated ID-iots, who generally are clueless about real science; but even if the empirical data is accurate, it's nothing but a facade, because it has nothing to do with the book's main conclusion. In any case, the empirical data discussed in this book is indeed nothing but bafflegab. Talking about the allegedly empirical foundation for intelligent design makes it sound deliciously scientific, especially to poorly educated ID-iots, who generally are clueless about real science; but even if the empirical data is accurate, it's nothing but a facade, because it has nothing to do with the book's main conclusion. For example, imagine your neighbor told you that his dog could play Beethoven concertos on the piano. Skeptical, you ask for proof. "Simple," your neighbor replies. "See, here's my dog, and there's my piano." Only a moron would accept that as "proof," and yet ID-iot Christians are more than happy to accept exactly that kind of "proof" from ID-iotic films like this. For example, imagine your neighbor told you that his dog could play Beethoven concertos on the piano. Skeptical, you ask for proof. "Simple," your neighbor replies. "See, here's my dog, and there's my piano." Only a moron would accept that as "proof," and yet ID-iot Christians are more than happy to accept exactly that kind of "proof" from ID-iotic films like this. The problem with your neighbor's "proof" is that it proves only the existence of the dog and the existence of the piano.  Neither of those issues, however, was the real cause of your skepticism, so the "proof" was entirely meaningless. The critical issue, of course, was not the mere existence of the dog and the piano, but rather the ability of the dog to play the piano, and your neighbor's "proof" was completely silent on that issue. Again, only a moron would accept evidence of mere existence as proof of piano-playing ability. The problem with your neighbor's "proof" is that it proves only the existence of the dog and the existence of the piano.  Neither of those issues, however, was the real cause of your skepticism, so the "proof" was entirely meaningless. The critical issue, of course, was not the mere existence of the dog and the piano, but rather the ability of the dog to play the piano, and your neighbor's "proof" was completely silent on that issue. Again, only a moron would accept evidence of mere existence as proof of piano-playing ability. In this book, there's a lot of talk about how complex certain biological systems are.  That is nothing but meaningless bafflegab, because the mere existence of complex systems is not a disputed issue. The disputed issue is how those systems came into being, and on that issue the book's "evidence" is completely silent. In this book, there's a lot of talk about how complex certain biological systems are.  That is nothing but meaningless bafflegab, because the mere existence of complex systems is not a disputed issue. The disputed issue is how those systems came into being, and on that issue the book's "evidence" is completely silent. This book was designed to fool poorly educated, easily impressed ID-iots.  Judging from the five-star reviews, it seems to have succeeded.  Well, there's a sucker born every minute, and apparently a lot of them are found in evangelical churches and seminaries.  In one of the very first evolution debates, Thomas Huxley accused Bishop Wilberforce of using his intellectual and oratorical gifts to mislead and bamboozle people.  Things haven't changed much since then. This book was designed to fool poorly educated, easily impressed ID-iots.  Judging from the five-star reviews, it seems to have succeeded.  Well, there's a sucker born every minute, and apparently a lot of them are found in evangelical churches and seminaries.  In one of the very first evolution debates, Thomas Huxley accused Bishop Wilberforce of using his intellectual and oratorical gifts to mislead and bamboozle people.  Things haven't changed much since then. Instead of meaningful evidence, this book substitutes a God-of-the-gaps argument. "Gee, look how complex it is. It must have been created by an intelligent designer. Maybe, just maybe, it was God. Wink, wink." Instead of meaningful evidence, this book substitutes a God-of-the-gaps argument. "Gee, look how complex it is. It must have been created by an intelligent designer. Maybe, just maybe, it was God. Wink, wink." God-of-the-gaps arguments are dumb. Only ignorant suckers are taken in by them. So if any of those folks who wrote five-star reviews for this book would like to buy a nice bridge in Brooklyn or a dog who can play Beethoven concertos on the piano, please give me a call.  I'll be happy to provide evidence!
 An elf appearing to Harry Potter warned him not to return for a second year to the school of sorcery. The Chamber of Secrets, he said, had been opened and a  monster is lurking. Harry goes anyway and is the only one who can hear the monster, challenge it and save students who have been "petrified" by the monster. Age group interest: early teen. I wanted to see what all the rave was about. Lots of action, not much morale.An elf appearing to Harry Potter warned him not to return for a second year to the school of sorcery. The Chamber of Secrets, he said, had been opened and a  monster is lurking. Harry goes anyway and is the only one who can hear the monster, challenge it and save students who have been "petrified" by the monster. Age group interest: early teen. I wanted to see what all the rave was about. Lots of action, not much morale.Trish New, author of The Thrill of Hope, South State Street Journal
 A writer for the Irish Echo said this book should have been titled "The Protocols of the Elders of Erin."  It was written around the time Al Smith was running for president and appealed to the nativist, anti-Catholic prejudices of upstate New York and America at that time.  While there really were gangs in that era, most of New York's immigrants were busy building hospitals and schools like St. Vincent's, Fordham, St. John's, Manhattan and Manhattanville.  The vast majority of the city's population including its immigrants didn't riot in 1863.  In fact New York City's 200,000 soldiers and sailors, more than half of whom were immigrants, won over 100+ Medals of Honor during America's Civil War.   A writer for the Irish Echo said this book should have been titled "The Protocols of the Elders of Erin."  It was written around the time Al Smith was running for president and appealed to the nativist, anti-Catholic prejudices of upstate New York and America at that time.  While there really were gangs in that era, most of New York's immigrants were busy building hospitals and schools like St. Vincent's, Fordham, St. John's, Manhattan and Manhattanville.  The vast majority of the city's population including its immigrants didn't riot in 1863.  In fact New York City's 200,000 soldiers and sailors, more than half of whom were immigrants, won over 100+ Medals of Honor during America's Civil War.   It's a tribute to the persistence of prejudice that this book isn't more widely recognized as the nasty practical joke that it is
 I find it very difficult to get through half of this book. I have put it down and picked it up more times than I care to mention. It is a waste of time. Awful book..
 I find it very difficult to get through half of this book. I have put it down and picked it up more times than I care to mention. It is a waste of time. Awful book..In the post 9/11 world in which this book, subtitled "The Clash Between Islam and Modernity in the Middle East" was published, it should not be surprising that the reader would anticipate a discussion of the factors that led up to that awful day. This, however, is not to be found in What Went Wrong?In the post 9/11 world in which this book, subtitled "The Clash Between Islam and Modernity in the Middle East" was published, it should not be surprising that the reader would anticipate a discussion of the factors that led up to that awful day. This, however, is not to be found in What Went Wrong?Instead we are treated to a cerebral discussion of various and sundry esoteric minutiae. We learn, for instance, that, "A distinguishing characteristic of Western music is polyphony, by harmony or counterpoint. This begins in its simplest form with the choir, in which matched voices sing different notes in a planned sequence to produce a combined effect; then comes the keyboard instrument, matching the ten fingers of the two hands, following different routes in a common purpose; and finally, the musical ensemble, from duets and trios to the full orchestra". While this is all well and good, and may even be mildly interesting on some academic level, it is hard to understand how it plays into a discussion of "The Clash Between Islam and Modernity..." that has led to the precarious times in which we live.Instead we are treated to a cerebral discussion of various and sundry esoteric minutiae. We learn, for instance, that, "A distinguishing characteristic of Western music is polyphony, by harmony or counterpoint. This begins in its simplest form with the choir, in which matched voices sing different notes in a planned sequence to produce a combined effect; then comes the keyboard instrument, matching the ten fingers of the two hands, following different routes in a common purpose; and finally, the musical ensemble, from duets and trios to the full orchestra". While this is all well and good, and may even be mildly interesting on some academic level, it is hard to understand how it plays into a discussion of "The Clash Between Islam and Modernity..." that has led to the precarious times in which we live.Or, on another note (harmony? counterpoint?) we learn that Robinson Crusoe was translated into Arabic by Butrus al-Bustani and published in the late 1850's. Big deal!Or, on another note (harmony? counterpoint?) we learn that Robinson Crusoe was translated into Arabic by Butrus al-Bustani and published in the late 1850's. Big deal!What we don't learn anything about is the rise of militant Islamism. There is no mention of Wahhabism or how this fundamentalist Islamic movement contributed to the rejection of modernity. The Muslim Brotherhood also is not to be found in the index, nor is there a mention of Sayyid Qutb, or his writing of the incendiary manifesto, Milestones. Furthermore, there is not a single reference to al-Qaeda, though Usama bin Laden does appear, albeit seemingly as an afterthought, in what appears to be a hastily added Afterword.What we don't learn anything about is the rise of militant Islamism. There is no mention of Wahhabism or how this fundamentalist Islamic movement contributed to the rejection of modernity. The Muslim Brotherhood also is not to be found in the index, nor is there a mention of Sayyid Qutb, or his writing of the incendiary manifesto, Milestones. Furthermore, there is not a single reference to al-Qaeda, though Usama bin Laden does appear, albeit seemingly as an afterthought, in what appears to be a hastily added Afterword.So what went wrong?So what went wrong?Beats me..
 This is a very bad book. It is poorly written, the characters are caricatures in misery, and it is almost impossible to develop any empathy for them except for the older daughter, who suffers in silence after the devastating, and, to her, mysterious, death of her mother. Her father fails in both his calling to ministry and his responsiblities to protect his daughter. He is so distant that he believes what teachers tells him about his child's behavior, which is a perfectly legitimate childhood grief response, rather than the bad behavior that others choose to label her with indifference to her deep pain and confusion. He fails in his responsibilities to his parishoners by not realizing that he himself is mired in grief and needs a break. I couldn't finish this. It is drivel
 I was looking forward to reading this book, first in a series. Sadly, I gave up on it about 100 pages in. I felt there was so MUCH mundane writing and hardly any dialog between not only the two main characters but between any characters at all. It just feels completely unemotional and without any sort of feeling-there is NOTHING exciting about this book. The heroine is naive, and not in a good way. I hope the others in this series are better. 1.5 stars
 This book provides a good overview of blacks (slave and free) in New York. It's a very good reference (encyclopedic) book.This book provides a good overview of blacks (slave and free) in New York. It's a very good reference (encyclopedic) book.My main problem with it is that Leslie M. Harris, the author, relies heavily (if not entirely) on secondary sources. The book, then, is nothing more than a patchwork of various other more scholarly works. Hence, finding the actual primary source (i.e. court decision, council minutes, etc) proves extremely difficult.My main problem with it is that Leslie M. Harris, the author, relies heavily (if not entirely) on secondary sources. The book, then, is nothing more than a patchwork of various other more scholarly works. Hence, finding the actual primary source (i.e. court decision, council minutes, etc) proves extremely difficult.I do not recommend this book for advanced students. If, however, you're interested in an easy read and don't care about sources, this is the book for you
 &quot;I have received your new book against the human race, and thank you for it. Never was such cleverness used in the design of making us all stupid. One longs, in reading your book, to walk on all fours. But as I have lost that habit for more than sixty years, I feel unhappily the impossibility of resuming it. Nor can I embark in search of the savages of Canada, because the maladies to which I am condemned render a European surgeon necessary to me; because war is going on in those regions; and because the example of our actions has made the savages nearly as bad as ourselves.&quot; Voltaire (1755
 In a world desperate for health solutions, the uneducated masses flock to purported cures and aids that have  not met the tests of either scientific or medical validity.  Alkaline water is one of those potholes that the unsuspecting customer encounters.In a world desperate for health solutions, the uneducated masses flock to purported cures and aids that have  not met the tests of either scientific or medical validity.  Alkaline water is one of those potholes that the unsuspecting customer encounters.Careful research of this book and related topics finds that the real reason alkaline water is popular is that in pregnant Oriental women, it is believed that the use of alkaline water increases the probablility of a boy rather than a girl being born.  Hence the seven(7) percent utilization of this water in that part of the world.  Careful research of this book and related topics finds that the real reason alkaline water is popular is that in pregnant Oriental women, it is believed that the use of alkaline water increases the probablility of a boy rather than a girl being born.  Hence the seven(7) percent utilization of this water in that part of the world.  Elsewhere, mycocardia problems with controlled animal tests using alkaline water have been known since 1996 but are suspiciously avoided by the Japanese organizations which promote alkaline water.Elsewhere, mycocardia problems with controlled animal tests using alkaline water have been known since 1996 but are suspiciously avoided by the Japanese organizations which promote alkaline water.Common sense nutrition tells us that if one is concerned about acidic food intake, then the use of alkaline foods with alkaline fibre and neutral pH liquid is the answer.  Common sense nutrition tells us that if one is concerned about acidic food intake, then the use of alkaline foods with alkaline fibre and neutral pH liquid is the answer.  Alkaline promoters would have you dilute your sensitive blood pH with  high alkalinity thus inducing hematological problems which may put  you in the emergency room as my medic(1985 Nobel Prize recipient) clearly points out.Alkaline promoters would have you dilute your sensitive blood pH with  high alkalinity thus inducing hematological problems which may put  you in the emergency room as my medic(1985 Nobel Prize recipient) clearly points out.You might as well drink battery acid he said, the result will be the same stress on your blood pH.  Here is a medic who is not an expert in water but in internal medicine cautioning against forced dilution of blood pH.You might as well drink battery acid he said, the result will be the same stress on your blood pH.  Here is a medic who is not an expert in water but in internal medicine cautioning against forced dilution of blood pH.He continued by saying that when that much alkalinity is added to the digestive system, the very low pH which naturally occurs in the disgestive tract is neutralized and food is not metabolized properly.  The various amino acids which are essential in the metabolic process are no longer effective and food putrifies and nutrition suffers.He continued by saying that when that much alkalinity is added to the digestive system, the very low pH which naturally occurs in the disgestive tract is neutralized and food is not metabolized properly.  The various amino acids which are essential in the metabolic process are no longer effective and food putrifies and nutrition suffers.The alkaline promoters, including this book's author have been sniffing glue in a closed closet and are simply out of touch with  even the very basics of body chemistry and metabolic processes.The alkaline promoters, including this book's author have been sniffing glue in a closed closet and are simply out of touch with  even the very basics of body chemistry and metabolic processes.Read the book for entertainment and not for education and utility in your daily nutritional program
 I found stale recounting of very well-known facts about 20th century technologies and their economics, with no insights.  Since it covers the gamut from plastics to jet engines to microprocessors, and it's only 200  pages in a fairly large typeface, I wasn't expecting historical depth.  But  I was expecting at least one fresh idea.  I bought it on the strength of a  much earlier book by Nathan Rosenberg (about technology in the economy of  the 19th century).  I was disappointed.  I get the feeling the book is  intended as a brief survey for people who just came down in the last shower  -- college freshmen born in the 1980s.  I'll bet they find it kinda stodgy
 This book is simply horrible. Repetitive dialogue and situations. Characters that just make you groan and roll your eyes. This book is simply horrible. Repetitive dialogue and situations. Characters that just make you groan and roll your eyes. I've read two by this author and she's just awful. Both books used the same lines over and over again. The stories chased their tails in circles half the time. Dull, repetitive and annoying. 
 OK, i can't deny it, this book was well written. But what made me throw up is the age differance, i mean what the hell! how can Tana like someone who's 30 years older than her? that's aweful! this is what i really hate  about Dan's books, she hooks someone who's 20 with some1 who's 35. i don't  find that interesting. all i can say about full circle is that it's good  but so depressing. it made me cry( which proves that Danielle is a good  writer) don't read this book if you are not ready to get depressed
 I have never actually thrown a book across the room in frustration - and I love books, so this is drastic!  Spoilers ahead - please don't read on if you haven't read the book.  I managed to (somehow) get through the first book, 'Wideacre', which I disliked - whilst I adore the rest of Gregory's novels, so this was hard for me - and grit my teeth and tried to read this book, the sequel as I'd bought it and it looked more promising.  It was 'marginally better' as one reader put it, than the first, but a very depressing and frustrating book indeed.I have never actually thrown a book across the room in frustration - and I love books, so this is drastic!  Spoilers ahead - please don't read on if you haven't read the book.  I managed to (somehow) get through the first book, 'Wideacre', which I disliked - whilst I adore the rest of Gregory's novels, so this was hard for me - and grit my teeth and tried to read this book, the sequel as I'd bought it and it looked more promising.  It was 'marginally better' as one reader put it, than the first, but a very depressing and frustrating book indeed.I was getting very angry and frustrated after the second half of the book - as many other readers have highlighted, Julia's consistent inability to stand up to Richard made it impossible for me to like her anymore.  I quite honestly wanted to slap her to wake her up from that dreamy state she was in!  Because I wanted so much for Julia to be with James - who I liked a great deal.  I was so depressed after everything went wrong and she didn't marry him... ah, because I was expecting the usually very clever Ms Gregory to surprise me and have a twist at the end and say, aha!  She does get her true love in the end and she and Ralph get rid of Richard and although it's not happily ever after she learns to grow a backbone and be the very first female heir to Wideacre.I was getting very angry and frustrated after the second half of the book - as many other readers have highlighted, Julia's consistent inability to stand up to Richard made it impossible for me to like her anymore.  I quite honestly wanted to slap her to wake her up from that dreamy state she was in!  Because I wanted so much for Julia to be with James - who I liked a great deal.  I was so depressed after everything went wrong and she didn't marry him... ah, because I was expecting the usually very clever Ms Gregory to surprise me and have a twist at the end and say, aha!  She does get her true love in the end and she and Ralph get rid of Richard and although it's not happily ever after she learns to grow a backbone and be the very first female heir to Wideacre.The rape scene with Julia and Richard was very violent and far too detailed and I think it may be difficult to stomach for anyone who has ever been in an abusive situation like that, in fact, for anyone at all.  I don't want to get into the tricky area of abortion too much, but I really did feel strongly that Julia should have gone to Ralph for help when she concieved the child with Richard.  This was a child of incest and rape - and she knew in her heart there should be no heir for Wideacre - they were all simply too inbred and it needed to end somewhere for nothing was going right.  Clean slate, so to speak.  Yet she gives the child away - then in her final letter asks James to find the child?!  What?!  And I was expecting perhaps a deformed child, after all this inbreeding (I mean this child is the product of parents who are brother and sister AND grandparents who are brother and sister!!!) but she was perfect and beautiful.  I was hoping the gypsies would keep her and she'd never be found again.. but alas, the Lacey madness will live on...The rape scene with Julia and Richard was very violent and far too detailed and I think it may be difficult to stomach for anyone who has ever been in an abusive situation like that, in fact, for anyone at all.  I don't want to get into the tricky area of abortion too much, but I really did feel strongly that Julia should have gone to Ralph for help when she concieved the child with Richard.  This was a child of incest and rape - and she knew in her heart there should be no heir for Wideacre - they were all simply too inbred and it needed to end somewhere for nothing was going right.  Clean slate, so to speak.  Yet she gives the child away - then in her final letter asks James to find the child?!  What?!  And I was expecting perhaps a deformed child, after all this inbreeding (I mean this child is the product of parents who are brother and sister AND grandparents who are brother and sister!!!) but she was perfect and beautiful.  I was hoping the gypsies would keep her and she'd never be found again.. but alas, the Lacey madness will live on...The perfect end to this book would have been a nice twist.  Gregory could have made her very good point about inheritance rights and the lack of power women of Beatrice and Julia's era had by Richard being killed by Ralph, then Julia inheriting the land - baby Sarah is adopted out to the gypsies and never seen again and Julia either lives as a widow and runs the land or (this would have been lovely - I bet all the girls have sighed over James a little, didn't you?  he was a little like the handsome romantic leads in Austen's books) James forgave her - for they had both made mistakes and Julia's was not intentional nor her fault (I was practically screaming at her that it wasn't her fault - and she gets it in the end, when it's too late!) and they marry and have 'normal' children - or perhaps none, they just learn from their mistakes and respect each other, and make a fresh start for Wideacre.The perfect end to this book would have been a nice twist.  Gregory could have made her very good point about inheritance rights and the lack of power women of Beatrice and Julia's era had by Richard being killed by Ralph, then Julia inheriting the land - baby Sarah is adopted out to the gypsies and never seen again and Julia either lives as a widow and runs the land or (this would have been lovely - I bet all the girls have sighed over James a little, didn't you?  he was a little like the handsome romantic leads in Austen's books) James forgave her - for they had both made mistakes and Julia's was not intentional nor her fault (I was practically screaming at her that it wasn't her fault - and she gets it in the end, when it's too late!) and they marry and have 'normal' children - or perhaps none, they just learn from their mistakes and respect each other, and make a fresh start for Wideacre.There were so many allies that Julia had - she was a sweet girl and I liked her - I wish that I could have shaken her though, I got so mad.  So many people in the village offered their help - this trap she was caught in with Richard could have been avoided - ahhh... SO frustrating.  I will not be reading the third book in the series.  I shall go back to reading Gregory's more historic novels (A Constant Princess is one I haven't read yet and it sounds excellent).  I wouldn't recommend this one
 Chromosome 6 has a great premise: what happens if medical technology accelerates to the point that scientists can create genetic doubles for people; doubles who serve as living organ reservoirs for possible future organ transplant needs-a sort of biological insurance policy? How much would people pay for this service? How far would they go to protect it? What are the moral implications?Chromosome 6 has a great premise: what happens if medical technology accelerates to the point that scientists can create genetic doubles for people; doubles who serve as living organ reservoirs for possible future organ transplant needs-a sort of biological insurance policy? How much would people pay for this service? How far would they go to protect it? What are the moral implications?Robin Cook comes full circle, returning to the themes of his 1970s novel, Coma. Coma is the novel that first made us aware of the dangers of corporate medicine and greed; of the subtle but relentless destruction of the long-standing relationships patients had with doctors, and the dignity those relationship once preserved. Now, a quarter century later, Robin Cook is shown to have been eerily prescient as technology has caught up to his nightmare.Robin Cook comes full circle, returning to the themes of his 1970s novel, Coma. Coma is the novel that first made us aware of the dangers of corporate medicine and greed; of the subtle but relentless destruction of the long-standing relationships patients had with doctors, and the dignity those relationship once preserved. Now, a quarter century later, Robin Cook is shown to have been eerily prescient as technology has caught up to his nightmare.Chromosome 6 is a very believable scenario of a technology designed with the best of intentions being corrupted for the sake of profit. In this novel, there is mystery and murder; medical sleuthing and exotic, international sets. There are a host of characters whose paths will intersect at some point-the set up is brilliant and we read with eager anticipation-but...this novel is so poorly written that I cannot believe it has Robin Cook's name on it. Though not high literature, Robin Cook's novels have always been tight and suspenseful, with believable characters and settings that seemed real. The characters in Chromosome 6 are as flat as road kill, the action as watered down as a glass of coke left in the sun until all of the ice has melted. Turn a page and the story just ends...what? That's it? Are you kidding? Did Robin Cook really write this? I don't think so.Chromosome 6 is a very believable scenario of a technology designed with the best of intentions being corrupted for the sake of profit. In this novel, there is mystery and murder; medical sleuthing and exotic, international sets. There are a host of characters whose paths will intersect at some point-the set up is brilliant and we read with eager anticipation-but...this novel is so poorly written that I cannot believe it has Robin Cook's name on it. Though not high literature, Robin Cook's novels have always been tight and suspenseful, with believable characters and settings that seemed real. The characters in Chromosome 6 are as flat as road kill, the action as watered down as a glass of coke left in the sun until all of the ice has melted. Turn a page and the story just ends...what? That's it? Are you kidding? Did Robin Cook really write this? I don't think so.
 Well, if anything this was a decently written story, with good dialect and character detail. However, this story felt like it was going around in circles without any indication of ever ending. Grafton seems to have an idea of where she wants to go with this story but never really gets there.  Well, if anything this was a decently written story, with good dialect and character detail. However, this story felt like it was going around in circles without any indication of ever ending. Grafton seems to have an idea of where she wants to go with this story but never really gets there.  The story starts off with PI Kinsey Milhone in her office at night when she hears a knock on her door. She opens it to find Janice Kepler, mother of Lorna Kepler standing before her with the tale of her daughter's mysterious death. Not only this, but she also explains to Kinsey about how no one ever solved the murder because Lorna's body was left to decompose for ten months in her isolated cabin house. They talk for a while about the strange circumstances surrounding her daughter's death until Janice tells Kinsey about a pornographic video that was sent to her house after Lorna's death. This tape leads Kinsey on a wild goose chase of suspects in the red light district and gets her nowhere when it comes to turning over the real murderer. The story starts off with PI Kinsey Milhone in her office at night when she hears a knock on her door. She opens it to find Janice Kepler, mother of Lorna Kepler standing before her with the tale of her daughter's mysterious death. Not only this, but she also explains to Kinsey about how no one ever solved the murder because Lorna's body was left to decompose for ten months in her isolated cabin house. They talk for a while about the strange circumstances surrounding her daughter's death until Janice tells Kinsey about a pornographic video that was sent to her house after Lorna's death. This tape leads Kinsey on a wild goose chase of suspects in the red light district and gets her nowhere when it comes to turning over the real murderer. Millhone dives even further and searches through the world of Lorna's day job where she uncovers a mysterious lead about an expensive, elaborate project which is angering several people a considerable amount. Kinsey also checks up on Lorna's family members, and with the exception of Janice, all seem to have a motive to murder her Lorna.Not being a fan of these types of novels, I decided to at least give it a chance but this story got me nowhere. By the middle of the novel I wanted to give up and skip to the end of the story, but when I got to the end I had to go back to the middle to figure out how everything ended. I stopped caring about the whole murder after so much more emphasis was placed on so much side stories and it seemed like Grafton did too. The ending left me with a strange feeling and I didn't know if the book had actually ended. All in all, it was just not the right kind of book for me but if you're a murder mystery fan, try any other of Grafton's alphabet themed novels besides this one
 after get shorty, e.l. might just wish shamelessly that his next book with those same chili palmer characters might hit the goldmine and pay dirt and being bought up by the dumb hollywood producers and made into another movie again, with this single-minded purpose focused, e.l. wrote this totally unnecessary sequel to get shorty. and he was right again, it was bought and made into a movie again, but pathetically, a horrible one compared to get shorty. the novel itself was also a complete failure with so many obvious evidences that e.l. indeed wrote it in a way for another movie in mind. i simply failed to find there's any interest in reading this going nowhere story. it just like reading a double imaged e.l. personified in chili palmer and lobbying so hard to make this novel into a movie, with all the bore-to-death script, dialogue readymade for hollywood to grap. how could you imagine that those winnos in los angeles, especially those who in the hiphop music biz would watch 'charlie rose' and would have known and recognized chili palmer as the producer of 'get shorty'? you think those people would faithfully turned on their tv and channel surfed to pbs to watch 'charlie rose'? and at every corner of los angeles, every table in any restaurant, almost everyone would recognize 'chili palmer'? and you have to ask yourself: since when people would recognize a behind-the-screen movie producer, even a director in person? even they stand in front of you and claim themselves they are? yeah, maybe elmore leonard would watch 'charlie rose' regularly? and you think that charlie rose would interview a notorious shylock in his show? give me a break! this book, from the 1st page to the last was an absolutely no-brainer, so shallow and so superficious! just a total unnecessary and unwanted cash-in
 Gail's writing is again wonderful in this in book, but I found the book disappointing due to a lack of closure. I felt the book led you up to a particular point in the life of the character's and then left you wondering in the end what the message was meant to be. I almost felt as if the writer wasn't brave enough enough to tell you the ending to a tragic, yet hopeful story. I can only compare this book to the Samurai's Garden since I haven't read a third book by this author yet, and I loved the Samari's Garden! So I was surprised that this book lacked closure at the end. I am not sorry that I read this book due to the fact that I enjoy the author's style of writing
 I wanted to like this book, but I found it disappointingly thin.  I wouldn't go so far as the previous reviewer and dismiss it as &quot;hopeless&quot;, but it's certainly superficial: Postman seems to rely on secondary sources about Enlightenment thought, rather than any deep reading of Enlightenment texts.  The idea of &quot;building a bridge to the 18th century&quot; seems more like a marketing device, a fresh way of presenting some of Postman's familiar themes, than a serious proposition (He even includes a summary of his &quot;disappearance of childhood&quot; argument in an appendix).  It's a shame, really, because the Enlightenment has been getting too much undeservedly bad press for far too long, and Postman is correct when he points out that we owe much of what's good and admirable about contemporary society to Enlightened thinking.  For a much more substantial survey and defence of Enlightenment thought and culture, read Roy Porter's _The Creation of the Modern World: The British Enlightenment_
 I would not neccessarily call this book "Christian".  It is more of an historical account, Bible as literature type of book.   It does make you think about different aspects of Jesus life, but most of that is speculation or perception.    Yancey leaves the reader hopeless at the end.  
 This book started out good but went downhill quickly because of poor research and virtually NO understanding of computer systems by the author. I don't mind authors skipping over technical details of computer systems to keep the plot moving, but if the author decides to provide detailed technical descriptions of encrytion codes, firewalls and hacking techniques, those details must be fairly correct. In this case, the technical details were so wildly implausible that I finally had to stop reading. The part where hackers were gradually forcing their way through a firewall to access NSA data were particularly difficult to read without becoming distracted by the absurd details. The NSA almost certainly doesn't have computers with highly classified data connected to the internet (through any combination of firewalls) but if they did, they could simply disconnect the internet connection if they were being hacked. Besides all that that, the characters were cliched and not well developed.This is all too bad, because the plot was interesting and I would have kept reading if the technical details were either accurate or just avoide
 This is one of the worst books ever, don't buy it
 I am a huge Clyde Edgerton fan, and I'm sorry to say I was VERY disappointed with this book.  It just never seemed to get off the ground.  I was expecting the type of story that I fell in love with in *Raney* and *Walking Across Egypt* (both of which left me in tears, I laughed so hard). If you're looking for Listre, you're not going to find it in this book  Oh well, I guess I'll wait on his next one..
 I had to read this book for a diversity class. Sennett uses language and sentence construction that is overly ostentatious and difficult to understand. Inside this fat book is a very thin book trying to get out. He needed a good editor.
 The material is first-rate but his writing style is horrid. His five-part typology of memory doesn't make sense since he is basically repeating the same theme for each type of memory in each chapter. The underlying theme is about the destruction and shattering of the self. Very poorly written and bad organizatino of his material. There are much better and clearer books on the Holocaust! Don't bother with this one
 I have sent away for a book called "Lord Given Lovers:the Holy Union of David & Jonathan" as I find the subject very interesting in this day of same sex marriages, now that David has been used in this subject as married to Jonathan, in the days when the Scibes who wrote the law against such things, I would like to know why David and Jonathan were not stoned to death according to that same law, and if David did such a thing, I would believe that all the Jews then would have did so to, copying David and Jonathan`s example
 I was anxious to read the reviews on this book and I am happy to find its not just me! Her words and sentences are REDUNDANT! Yes "wacky artist" was used about 50 times in the span of 2 pages! Liam picked up a poker and scared the daughter! WE KNOW! Don't tell us 100 times! This is what I think: Either Ms. Steel thinks so little of her devoted audience that she feels we need to be spoon fed the material...OR she's just writing whatever comes to mind and no one is editing. Is D. Steel so popular and successful that no one has to proof read her work? Also, is it cold stone sober? Or STONE COLD SOBER? (it should have been the latter) No editor caught that mistake?  I've been a fan of Ms. Steel's work for 21 years now and the past few year's works have been deplorable! I first excused it due to the death of her son.. But her talent never picked up again. From the Ranch onward the books are just pure fluff. If you want to read a novel and not think about what you're reading...then read her books, this one especially. If you want to read and process and fall in love with characters try Barbara Delinsky, Luanne Rice, Alison Clement, Susan Wiggs..
 It has been said time and again that experience is the best teacher.  Antony Flew, the world's number one atheist (at least with respect to the rare ability to argue his point without using ad hominem arguments) has recanted his atheism.  It has been said time and again that experience is the best teacher.  Antony Flew, the world's number one atheist (at least with respect to the rare ability to argue his point without using ad hominem arguments) has recanted his atheism.  Philosophically, Flew was a rationalist.  Having accepted the empirical evidence of intelligent design in nature, he was able to liberate himself from the tunnel vision of rationalism and hence from the shackles of irrational atheism.Philosophically, Flew was a rationalist.  Having accepted the empirical evidence of intelligent design in nature, he was able to liberate himself from the tunnel vision of rationalism and hence from the shackles of irrational atheism.Flew himself would give this book one star.  So, I don't think it ungracious to do the same
 Having read (and thoroughly enjoyed) Levitt's Freakonomics, I picked up "Hidden Order: The Economics of Everyday Life" looking for more of the same. Unfortunately, I was sadly disappointed. Having read (and thoroughly enjoyed) Levitt's Freakonomics, I picked up "Hidden Order: The Economics of Everyday Life" looking for more of the same. Unfortunately, I was sadly disappointed. I get the impression the author intended to write a Freakonomics-type book, but was only able to come up with 40 pages of material (located at the end of the book). Facing an irate publisher, he then filled in the initial 290 pages with his old Economics lecture notes. As a result, readers who have taken an elementary economics course will find much of the material repetitive, while those who have not will most likely find the material too confusing to be of any real use. (Despite the glowing accolades on the cover, the author's explanations are no better than those available in a standard textbook.)I get the impression the author intended to write a Freakonomics-type book, but was only able to come up with 40 pages of material (located at the end of the book). Facing an irate publisher, he then filled in the initial 290 pages with his old Economics lecture notes. As a result, readers who have taken an elementary economics course will find much of the material repetitive, while those who have not will most likely find the material too confusing to be of any real use. (Despite the glowing accolades on the cover, the author's explanations are no better than those available in a standard textbook.)The author also posits end-of-chapter questions for the reader to ruminate upon, but does not provide any answers. Aside from formal textbooks where such questions are intended to be assigned to students, such tactics are unconscionable. Of course, the author may be priming the pump for sales of a "Hidden Order Supplement".The author also posits end-of-chapter questions for the reader to ruminate upon, but does not provide any answers. Aside from formal textbooks where such questions are intended to be assigned to students, such tactics are unconscionable. Of course, the author may be priming the pump for sales of a "Hidden Order Supplement".A final negative point is the author's tone, which is frequently condescending towards the reader (e.g. telling the reader they would not understand the math behind a given theory, so it will not even be presented). While this may be true for a layperson reading the book, being talked down to certainly does nothing to build their confidence or cultivate their interest in the subject matter.A final negative point is the author's tone, which is frequently condescending towards the reader (e.g. telling the reader they would not understand the math behind a given theory, so it will not even be presented). While this may be true for a layperson reading the book, being talked down to certainly does nothing to build their confidence or cultivate their interest in the subject matter.Overall, if you can borrow a copy from a friend or a library, the last 40 pages are worth reading. Otherwise, save your time and money.Overall, if you can borrow a copy from a friend or a library, the last 40 pages are worth reading. Otherwise, save your time and money.Reviewer's background:B.Sc. (Computing Science & Mathematics)M.B.A. (Finance & Marketing)Ph.D. (Finance)
 If you are going to Walt Disney World Resort for the first time and want to keep some mystery until you actually ride the attractions, then this book may not be for you.  Some of the descriptions for the various attractions go step-by-step through them, including plot points in 3D movies and so on. The book also leaves a lot out in other areas, such as dining (little coverage), getting around Walt Disney World, and off-site hotels and dining.If you are going to Walt Disney World Resort for the first time and want to keep some mystery until you actually ride the attractions, then this book may not be for you.  Some of the descriptions for the various attractions go step-by-step through them, including plot points in 3D movies and so on. The book also leaves a lot out in other areas, such as dining (little coverage), getting around Walt Disney World, and off-site hotels and dining.For me, the Unofficial Guide to Walt Disney World (by Bob Sehlinger) was much better at giving me the info I needed without giving away any details as to the surprises on the rides. That is, it told me what might frighten a youngster, what might bore an adult, and so on, but it didn't say specifically what would happen at every stage of any of the attractions. Just generalizations about the ride, then specific warnings for different types of people.For me, the Unofficial Guide to Walt Disney World (by Bob Sehlinger) was much better at giving me the info I needed without giving away any details as to the surprises on the rides. That is, it told me what might frighten a youngster, what might bore an adult, and so on, but it didn't say specifically what would happen at every stage of any of the attractions. Just generalizations about the ride, then specific warnings for different types of people.The only things Birnbaum offers that the Unofficial Guide doesn't are pictures and info on some of the ancillary activities such as parasailing. If you have an Internet connection, you don't need the pictures.  And as for the ancillary activities as well as nice maps, you can't beat the Passporter book on Disney World.The only things Birnbaum offers that the Unofficial Guide doesn't are pictures and info on some of the ancillary activities such as parasailing. If you have an Internet connection, you don't need the pictures.  And as for the ancillary activities as well as nice maps, you can't beat the Passporter book on Disney World.So, for me, the Unofficial Guide plus the Passporter yields the best trip planning library for Walt Disney World.  If you like, you can also pick up the EZ-Guide, as it also has some interesting maps and info.So, for me, the Unofficial Guide plus the Passporter yields the best trip planning library for Walt Disney World.  If you like, you can also pick up the EZ-Guide, as it also has some interesting maps and info.As for Birnbaum's, it really doesn't have anything to offer.  I wouldn't recommend against buying it, though, except for the "let me tell you the plot and ending to the movie before you go" mentality. I hate spoilers, and wish someone had warned me before I started reading this book
 Mr. Friedman's book begins with an interesting thesis, defining morality and its definition within a context of economic growth.  The idea that economic growth or stagnation effects the mindsets of the people living in that time period is a logical argument that Friedman often well supports with historical facts.  However, the exceptions to his argument make me wonder if he really believes in his own thesis, or if he just felt the need to write a book.  Furthermore, for every chapter in the book, there seem to be at least one or more flawed arguments or points that, with a little thorough thought or research, don't make sense or can easily be disproven.  With these things being the case, I find Friedman's argument a little hard to buy.  The entire book seems to build up to the final chapter, which Friedman uses to make policy recommendations that would aid in economic growth; this final chapter could have stood alone from the book entirely, however, because the evidence in the book an his arguments elsewhere in the book (ie. the importance of education) do not add or support his final policy recommendations.  His policy recommendations could have easily been listed by students in an economics class as responses to the question "What should the government do to promote economic growth?"  They don't push the argument forward or indicate anything that hasn't already been suggested in the past, nor do they give suggestions as to how to go about implementing his policies. 
 For decades, African-American studies scholars have left issues facing non-heterosexuals to the side.  For years, "queer" scholars have left concerns of people of color to the side.  This anthology tries to address that void.  It goes a long way in proving that black, gay academics can be just a rigorous and hardcore as white gay ones or straight black ones.  The anthology has representative numbers of men and women.  In some ways, it's a Who's Who of Black Gay Academia, including works from Cathy Cohen, Dwight McBride, and Jewelle Gomez.For decades, African-American studies scholars have left issues facing non-heterosexuals to the side.  For years, "queer" scholars have left concerns of people of color to the side.  This anthology tries to address that void.  It goes a long way in proving that black, gay academics can be just a rigorous and hardcore as white gay ones or straight black ones.  The anthology has representative numbers of men and women.  In some ways, it's a Who's Who of Black Gay Academia, including works from Cathy Cohen, Dwight McBride, and Jewelle Gomez.Still, there is much about this book that frustrated me.  A few years ago, a study was done of black LGBTs and most respondents said they hated the term "queer," yet the academics here champion it.  Really, if "queer" is supposed to represent the four groups equally, then this book was quite lacking in its coverage of bisexuals and the transgendered.  This is surprising given famous black bisexual writers such as Alice Walker, Stuart Hall, and June Jordan.  Often "people of color" is used when only blacks are brought up; Latinos, Asians, and Native Americans barely come up in this book at all.Still, there is much about this book that frustrated me.  A few years ago, a study was done of black LGBTs and most respondents said they hated the term "queer," yet the academics here champion it.  Really, if "queer" is supposed to represent the four groups equally, then this book was quite lacking in its coverage of bisexuals and the transgendered.  This is surprising given famous black bisexual writers such as Alice Walker, Stuart Hall, and June Jordan.  Often "people of color" is used when only blacks are brought up; Latinos, Asians, and Native Americans barely come up in this book at all.James Baldwin is brought up often here.  I understand that.  His writings were rigorous and often dealt with racial and sexual issues simultaneously.  Still, I kept thinking about how bell hooks once wrote that Toni Morrison gets a lot of attention when publishers won't print the works of black women that are equally as sophisticated.  James Baldwin deserves his crown in black, gay letters, but I'm concerned about him being the only one to get to wear a crown.  Several books have been printed about the many non-hetero members of the Harlem Renaissance, yet that group hardly comes up here.  James is getting a bit played out and the authors here are not helping change that tendency.James Baldwin is brought up often here.  I understand that.  His writings were rigorous and often dealt with racial and sexual issues simultaneously.  Still, I kept thinking about how bell hooks once wrote that Toni Morrison gets a lot of attention when publishers won't print the works of black women that are equally as sophisticated.  James Baldwin deserves his crown in black, gay letters, but I'm concerned about him being the only one to get to wear a crown.  Several books have been printed about the many non-hetero members of the Harlem Renaissance, yet that group hardly comes up here.  James is getting a bit played out and the authors here are not helping change that tendency.Finally, I had beef with many of the essays.  Charles Nero has great points but his essay is really two works glued together.  Can anyone really say the whiteness of New Orleans' "gay ghetto" is due to "Chasing Amy" or "Six Feet Under"?  One author could have written quickly about how he supported a gay, feminine student when that student was condemned by a masculine, heterosexual one.  Instead, he went on and on in unnecessary jargon and babble.  Kara Keeling's essay was 90% theory and 10% a discussion of Dunye's "Watermelon Woman."  Why bother to bring up the film if you're barely going to discuss it?Finally, I had beef with many of the essays.  Charles Nero has great points but his essay is really two works glued together.  Can anyone really say the whiteness of New Orleans' "gay ghetto" is due to "Chasing Amy" or "Six Feet Under"?  One author could have written quickly about how he supported a gay, feminine student when that student was condemned by a masculine, heterosexual one.  Instead, he went on and on in unnecessary jargon and babble.  Kara Keeling's essay was 90% theory and 10% a discussion of Dunye's "Watermelon Woman."  Why bother to bring up the film if you're barely going to discuss it?I wasn't really feelin' this text, but that's not to say it didn't have great aims
 In a review remarkable for saying nothing about the book, Popop from Boston (April 9 below) alludes to some children blown up by an IRA bomb in a North of England shopping center. Popop is very broad-minded. It pains him that anyone would bad-mouth such "armed operations". They were perfectly justified, he explains, because of thousands of innocent Irish Catholics murdered at the hands of the British army.In a review remarkable for saying nothing about the book, Popop from Boston (April 9 below) alludes to some children blown up by an IRA bomb in a North of England shopping center. Popop is very broad-minded. It pains him that anyone would bad-mouth such "armed operations". They were perfectly justified, he explains, because of thousands of innocent Irish Catholics murdered at the hands of the British army.I know why thousands of murders are important to Popop. Without them, while he might justify random bombings in his own mind, he could hardly do so in decent company. But I live in Ireland, not America, where news of these murdered thousands has not reached us. Gerry Adams never said a word about them, not wishing to be laughed out of the country. He had to make the most all these years of a dozen fellows caught in a crossfire in Derry in 1973. I guess he saved the big one for the broad-minded boyos in Boston. What of all those dollars that Popop broad-mindedly dropped in the Semtex collection box? They were not wasted. Thousands of Irish really were murdered - mostly not Catholics but all of them really dead - at the hands of the disorganization that Mr Adams always denied being a member of. To be sure, his non-henchmen failed to terrorize the Northern Irish into caving in, but his enforcer, who can barely write his own name, did get to be Minister of Education (I'm not making this up; I couldn't).I know why thousands of murders are important to Popop. Without them, while he might justify random bombings in his own mind, he could hardly do so in decent company. But I live in Ireland, not America, where news of these murdered thousands has not reached us. Gerry Adams never said a word about them, not wishing to be laughed out of the country. He had to make the most all these years of a dozen fellows caught in a crossfire in Derry in 1973. I guess he saved the big one for the broad-minded boyos in Boston. What of all those dollars that Popop broad-mindedly dropped in the Semtex collection box? They were not wasted. Thousands of Irish really were murdered - mostly not Catholics but all of them really dead - at the hands of the disorganization that Mr Adams always denied being a member of. To be sure, his non-henchmen failed to terrorize the Northern Irish into caving in, but his enforcer, who can barely write his own name, did get to be Minister of Education (I'm not making this up; I couldn't).Oh, and the book is quite thought-provoking. There's a lot about Bushes, Arabs and the wrong kind of tax-cuts that went over my head. There's wit of a subtlety rarely seen since Voltaire - you can tell by the CAPITALS and !!!!. There are explanations of 9/11 to suit every taste, whichever Bush you blame. Myself, I suspect those Enrons. But Mr Moore did discover:Oh, and the book is quite thought-provoking. There's a lot about Bushes, Arabs and the wrong kind of tax-cuts that went over my head. There's wit of a subtlety rarely seen since Voltaire - you can tell by the CAPITALS and !!!!. There are explanations of 9/11 to suit every taste, whichever Bush you blame. Myself, I suspect those Enrons. But Mr Moore did discover:"THERE ... IS ... NO ... TERRORIST ... THREAT!""THERE ... IS ... NO ... TERRORIST ... THREAT!"He paid us a flying visit, dined with some IRA capos who were laughing up their sleeves, and found the solution to the Irish Question without breaking sweat: everybody should be nice to each other
 Investment Biker: 1-1/2 stars, just barely escapes the lowest possible rating.Investment Biker: 1-1/2 stars, just barely escapes the lowest possible rating.This is a book about what a Tom Wolfe-style Master of the Universe does on holiday. It's nearly impossible to have an "adventure" when you are carrying 10(!) platinum credit cards. He got cold and wet a few times, worried about finding gas, didn't always have hotel rooms up to his standards, and had delays at some borders, yawn.This is a book about what a Tom Wolfe-style Master of the Universe does on holiday. It's nearly impossible to have an "adventure" when you are carrying 10(!) platinum credit cards. He got cold and wet a few times, worried about finding gas, didn't always have hotel rooms up to his standards, and had delays at some borders, yawn.The adventure must have been resisting the urge to buy an airline ticket back to New York using one of his many Visa cards.The adventure must have been resisting the urge to buy an airline ticket back to New York using one of his many Visa cards.I rode a bicycle around the world for 19 months at about the same time Mr. Rogers was having his "adventure." I am stunned that he perceived so little in his long travels.  I don't know how someone could travel in foreign countries that extensively and end up completely unchanged by the experience.  However, this fits perfectly with his huge arrogance, which is truly the theme of the book.  He already knows it all and will tell you all about it.I rode a bicycle around the world for 19 months at about the same time Mr. Rogers was having his "adventure." I am stunned that he perceived so little in his long travels.  I don't know how someone could travel in foreign countries that extensively and end up completely unchanged by the experience.  However, this fits perfectly with his huge arrogance, which is truly the theme of the book.  He already knows it all and will tell you all about it.Which makes one wonder:  why did he bother to leave NY City in the first place?  I guess it was a good opportunity to pose with and boink the attractive and young (naive and pliable? -- certainly lubricious) daughter of one of his clients.  And a good opportunity to pump himself up by feeling superior to all those "brown faces" he's driving through.  The arrogance, the arrogance!  Typical privileged, right-wing know-it-all.  I'd like to see him try to survive in the Peruvian highlands without all his money and fancy equipment.Which makes one wonder:  why did he bother to leave NY City in the first place?  I guess it was a good opportunity to pose with and boink the attractive and young (naive and pliable? -- certainly lubricious) daughter of one of his clients.  And a good opportunity to pump himself up by feeling superior to all those "brown faces" he's driving through.  The arrogance, the arrogance!  Typical privileged, right-wing know-it-all.  I'd like to see him try to survive in the Peruvian highlands without all his money and fancy equipment.This is not a travel book: Mr. Rogers uses his trip as a way to sell a long economic rant. You can save yourself a lot of time by just reading his final chapter, "Afterword." I will summarize his position: governments are bad; smart, rich guys like me are good (remember October 1929?). Many of his predictions are laughably wrong. He advocated selling the US economy short in 1993.  Look at the US stock market performance from 1993 through 2000 ...  Gosh!  Idiot!  Some reviews are touting his prescience on markets.  Hello?  How about his predictions on the biggest economy in the world?This is not a travel book: Mr. Rogers uses his trip as a way to sell a long economic rant. You can save yourself a lot of time by just reading his final chapter, "Afterword." I will summarize his position: governments are bad; smart, rich guys like me are good (remember October 1929?). Many of his predictions are laughably wrong. He advocated selling the US economy short in 1993.  Look at the US stock market performance from 1993 through 2000 ...  Gosh!  Idiot!  Some reviews are touting his prescience on markets.  Hello?  How about his predictions on the biggest economy in the world?Mr. Rogers' writing is very poor and it's loaded with cliche's. He and Tabitha are always zooming on "powerful steeds" into "gorgeous scenery", or "steep, craggy mountains" into "glitzy, glamorous hotspots" or "delightful, cozy hostels", or across "hot, empty, flat deserts" into "dumps" that are not up to American standards. He'll "describe" one of the greatest mountain chains on earth, the Andes, as "the top of the world" (p. 315) for five short sentences and then move on to more important matters like further adventures with border guards and investing.  Great writing?  Rubbish!  I think he used a computer program to come up with his "descriptions" of the places he went.Mr. Rogers' writing is very poor and it's loaded with cliche's. He and Tabitha are always zooming on "powerful steeds" into "gorgeous scenery", or "steep, craggy mountains" into "glitzy, glamorous hotspots" or "delightful, cozy hostels", or across "hot, empty, flat deserts" into "dumps" that are not up to American standards. He'll "describe" one of the greatest mountain chains on earth, the Andes, as "the top of the world" (p. 315) for five short sentences and then move on to more important matters like further adventures with border guards and investing.  Great writing?  Rubbish!  I think he used a computer program to come up with his "descriptions" of the places he went.Mr. Rogers is woefully ignorant about the places he goes - and he doesn't learn anything along the way. He views the world exclusively through the keyhole of economics. Most of the "interesting facts" he mentions about theses places are just wrong. One indicative example: He describes the Moreno Glacier in Argentina as, "one of the few in the world still moving." (p. 294) I found myself laughing out loud many times at his "facts" and descriptions.Mr. Rogers is woefully ignorant about the places he goes - and he doesn't learn anything along the way. He views the world exclusively through the keyhole of economics. Most of the "interesting facts" he mentions about theses places are just wrong. One indicative example: He describes the Moreno Glacier in Argentina as, "one of the few in the world still moving." (p. 294) I found myself laughing out loud many times at his "facts" and descriptions.If you want to understand the distribution of goods in the world, read "Guns, Germs, and Steel," by Jared Diamond. If you want to read about a real motorcycle trip, read Ted Simon's "Jupiter's Travels," or Robert Fulton's, "One-Man Caravan."If you want to understand the distribution of goods in the world, read "Guns, Germs, and Steel," by Jared Diamond. If you want to read about a real motorcycle trip, read Ted Simon's "Jupiter's Travels," or Robert Fulton's, "One-Man Caravan."For good travel books, try:  "Seven Years in Tibet" (Harrer), "News from Tartary" (Fleming), "Arabian Sands" (Thesiger), "Gypsy Moth Circles the World" (Chichester), "Sailing Around the World" (Slocum), "Motoring With Mohammed" (Hanson), "Full Tilt" (Murphy), "A Short Walk in the Hindu Kush" (Newby), or "Eastern Approaches" (MacLean) "My Life with the Eskimo" (Stefansson), "Endurance" (Lansing).  I could go on and on.  "Investment Biker" is poorly-written drivel compared to all these and so many more.For good travel books, try:  "Seven Years in Tibet" (Harrer), "News from Tartary" (Fleming), "Arabian Sands" (Thesiger), "Gypsy Moth Circles the World" (Chichester), "Sailing Around the World" (Slocum), "Motoring With Mohammed" (Hanson), "Full Tilt" (Murphy), "A Short Walk in the Hindu Kush" (Newby), or "Eastern Approaches" (MacLean) "My Life with the Eskimo" (Stefansson), "Endurance" (Lansing).  I could go on and on.  "Investment Biker" is poorly-written drivel compared to all these and so many more."Investment Biker," a classic? That's ridiculous."Investment Biker," a classic? That's ridiculous.From another review:  "Greatest Book on Finance, Business, Travels Ever"  That comment almost leaves me speechless.  Obviously written by someone who has read very few travel books indeed
 The Case for Marriage makes arguments supportive of Pres. Bush's policies on marriage. However, Howard Kurtz of The Washington Post (1/26/5) reports that Maggie Gallagher was paid over $40,000 by the Bush Administration to write columns and a "private" report supporting its $300 million HHS marriage initiative. The Case for Marriage makes arguments supportive of Pres. Bush's policies on marriage. However, Howard Kurtz of The Washington Post (1/26/5) reports that Maggie Gallagher was paid over $40,000 by the Bush Administration to write columns and a "private" report supporting its $300 million HHS marriage initiative. Mr. Kurtz reports that Ms. Gallagher filed a column apologizing to her readers, writing "I should have disclosed a government contract when I later wrote about the Bush marriage initiative. I would have, if I had remembered it." She also states she was "aware vaguely" that her work was federally funded. It must be vaguely hard to remember being paid $40,000. Bad memory, vagueness, national column: what will we say to the children? Mr. Kurtz reports that Ms. Gallagher filed a column apologizing to her readers, writing "I should have disclosed a government contract when I later wrote about the Bush marriage initiative. I would have, if I had remembered it." She also states she was "aware vaguely" that her work was federally funded. It must be vaguely hard to remember being paid $40,000. Bad memory, vagueness, national column: what will we say to the children? I wonder who paid Ms. Gallagher to write this book
 I was lured into reading Under the Volcano after seeing its inclusion on the Modern Library's One Hundred Best of the 20th Century and after reading a reviewer compare it to James Joyce (I am an amateur Joycean who tries to read Ulysess, Portrait of the Artist, and Dubliners at least annually).  Lowry has nothing that likens him to Joyce.  This book is leaden and tedious.  I forced myself to finish it because I hate to start a  book and not finish it.  But it was no labor of love.  It was simply a labor. 
 This is not one of Lonely Planet's best guides.  There is suprisingly little information.  For example, the book mentions that there are a few companies that give day tours from Rekyavik but doesnt tell you anything about how they compare in price or services.  basically, everything in the guide and more can be found at the tourist information center in Rekyavik, which luckily is run very well.  I found this really disappointing since Iceland is very expensive and I was hoping to keep down costs (in reality this is almost impossible, even eating at the grocery store I was spending 10 dollars a meal for bread and cheese) Furthermore, Iceland is a very small country and it would have been very easy to have given a lot more details.This is not one of Lonely Planet's best guides.  There is suprisingly little information.  For example, the book mentions that there are a few companies that give day tours from Rekyavik but doesnt tell you anything about how they compare in price or services.  basically, everything in the guide and more can be found at the tourist information center in Rekyavik, which luckily is run very well.  I found this really disappointing since Iceland is very expensive and I was hoping to keep down costs (in reality this is almost impossible, even eating at the grocery store I was spending 10 dollars a meal for bread and cheese) Furthermore, Iceland is a very small country and it would have been very easy to have given a lot more details.As with any tour book some of the info is out of date.  some of the museums and businesses were closed including the Icelandic Phallogical Museum.  It also seemed that this book was written for the high season in the summer months.  I went in March and found the information on the offseason limited and sometimes inaccurate.  I usually trust Lonely Planet but in this case I would have tried one of the other guide book companies or simply visit the tourist center when you get there.
   I think the Linda Howard who wrote White Lies, Sarah's Child, Duncan's Bride, MacKenzies Mountain, Diamond Bay,etc. is one of the most talented current romance writers. Unfortunately, when she gave up the genre romances and turned to the "big Time", her writing started to decline. She is clearly in over her head now.  What a shame she couldn't stick to a format in which she excelled and warmed the hearts of millions of readers.  This just goes to show that one should figure out where one excels and stick to it. This is pure "Peter Principle" in action.Too bad
 That so many people gave this book five stars really concerns me. Luckily, I bought this book used, otherwise I might be kicking myself for paying full price. Between her utterly uninspired "devotional dances" to things such as sex, wisdom, and the "Sticky One" (a term she made up for the astral body), and her constant blabber about masturbation and rubbing your juices all over everything to "anoint" it, I was unimpressed, to say the least. However, driving on a trip a friend and I got a lot of laughs out of flipping through this book. It's very, very amusing if you don't take it seriously. The thing that makes me sad is that she's just using her sexuality to sell a feel good waste of paper with absolutely no depth. There's nothing evolutionary about it, unless you consider being a wanton, idiotic freak "evolutionary". If this is what humanity is evolving into, I am frightend
 This book dragged on and on.  The ending was stupid and the plot was pathetic.  Very similiar to The Devil Wears Prada which was also bad.  Don't waste your time on this one
 Unlike Cussler's other series, I found this first story of the "Oregon Files" slow going at first and rather confusing. There are just too many things going on (no problem, I suppose, for multi-taskers!) and way too many characters to keep track of. Also, there's little to no character development even of "Mr. Chairman", Juan Cabrillo. The fact that he and his companions are mercenaries (with a penchant for good deeds that pay well) doesn't compare favorably with the NUMA heroes. However, the plots were intriguing and getting the golden budda out of the country was exciting and more like the roller coaster rides I expect from Mr. Cussler and co-writers. I look forward to the subsequent Oregon Files with high hopes. 
 Sparks must have had a momentary lapse of reason when he decided to take a stab at suspense by writing The Guardian. This book is awful. The storyline is weak and predictable, the dialogue is excruciatingly lame, and the characters are poorly developed and lack depth and chemistry. There is virtually no romance, which is the reason to read Sparks' books. I can't tell you how many times I rolled my eyes at the stupid things people said, the way the dog seems to be human, and the predictability of the plot. This book is so poorly written and so lame I have trouble believing Sparks wrote it. If you want a good plot with romance mixed in, read Message in a Bottle or A Walk to Remember. If you want suspense, read Mary Higgins Clark or Agatha Christie; they do a far better job with it than Sparks does.
 I read this book and I think presented material is not practical in commercial applications. In my opinion better solution is writting tests and using aspects to integrate applications. I know this is something different from contracts, by I think contracts are to complex, hard to maintain and lacks of support for multithreaded problems. I read this book and I think presented material is not practical in commercial applications. In my opinion better solution is writting tests and using aspects to integrate applications. I know this is something different from contracts, by I think contracts are to complex, hard to maintain and lacks of support for multithreaded problems. For me another problem with contracts is problem in describing complex constraint that exists in problem domain. For example how to describe that objects must be cloned, not passed by reference or how to check that objects holded by readonly list not change their state during operations on list?For me another problem with contracts is problem in describing complex constraint that exists in problem domain. For example how to describe that objects must be cloned, not passed by reference or how to check that objects holded by readonly list not change their state during operations on list?Regards,Marci
 Some may disagree, and in fact, many have asked me why I disliked this one so much; so, here is why:Some may disagree, and in fact, many have asked me why I disliked this one so much; so, here is why:- scratch 'plotting'... by this point in the story, 'plodding' is more accurate. - scratch 'plotting'... by this point in the story, 'plodding' is more accurate. - caracatures over characters. A staple of the series, 2d characters; but by this point, when new characters keep getting introduced this late in the story, it becomes an annoyance, a drag and overkill. - caracatures over characters. A staple of the series, 2d characters; but by this point, when new characters keep getting introduced this late in the story, it becomes an annoyance, a drag and overkill. - virtually zero gain. the entire first half of the book is a rescue mission for a minor character and the mission, once accomplished (or not) is forgotten by the end of the book. The third fourth of the book finally starts to swing thigns back to the original LB premise of end times doom and gloom thanks to the horrific judgments; sadly, it's very boring and slow. However...the entire first half of the book is a rescue mission for a minor character and the mission, once accomplished (or not) is forgotten by the end of the book. The third fourth of the book finally starts to swing thigns back to the original LB premise of end times doom and gloom thanks to the horrific judgments; sadly, it's very boring and slow. However...-... the book doesn't get good until the last fourth. And that, my friends, is not good for the overall quality of this entry in the series. And that, my friends, is not good for the overall quality of this entry in the series. By this point, it's obvious that the authors were REALLY stretching it. However, as I said, things got really good in the last few chapters and led into 'Armageddon', one of the best books in the series. How ironic. By this point, it's obvious that the authors were REALLY stretching it. However, as I said, things got really good in the last few chapters and led into 'Armageddon', one of the best books in the series. How ironic. Thumbs way down for Left Behind: The Remnant. It's sad when the best part of the book is a scene involving the antichrist sunbathing on a rooftop.
 ... and the maps are worthless.  ... and the maps are worthless.  Two examples of the many glaring inaccuracies contained in this book:1) Rick claims you can pick up a bus map in any tourist information kiosk.  The following is an actual transcript of our conversation with the tourist info lady:us: buon giorno.  do you speak english?info lady: of course.us: we'd like to go to Vatican city.  may we have a bus map please?info lady: a bus map? for Roma?us: um, yes.info lady: no such thing exists.info lady: no such thing exists.2) Rick claims you can see everything you want to see in the Vatican in one morning: St. Peter's Basilica, the Vatican Museums, the Sistine Chapel - everything. Um, Rick? Have you ever BEEN there? Did you notice the 40,000 other people there all trying to get in to the same things? Did you notice the priceless and beautiful works of art on practically every surface?  Did it occur to you that people might, perhaps, want to stop and admire a large number of them? Light a candle? Say a prayer? Some of us, also, have to behind a crowd of 35 elderly Germans to look at Michaelangelo's Pieta, and everything else.2) Rick claims you can see everything you want to see in the Vatican in one morning: St. Peter's Basilica, the Vatican Museums, the Sistine Chapel - everything. Um, Rick? Have you ever BEEN there? Did you notice the 40,000 other people there all trying to get in to the same things? Did you notice the priceless and beautiful works of art on practically every surface?  Did it occur to you that people might, perhaps, want to stop and admire a large number of them? Light a candle? Say a prayer? Some of us, also, have to behind a crowd of 35 elderly Germans to look at Michaelangelo's Pieta, and everything else.Methinks ol' Rick either spends an average of 15 minutes apiece on the most astonishing and pleasurable spots in Rome, or is comfortable elbowing foreign senior citizens in the ribs
 This book is not very helpful and confusing to use. A lot of the information it provides is information you can read on the food labels IF you buy those brands.
 Gives many examples of Weapons, most of which are useful.Gives no/few examples of Rings/Armours/Rods/Staffs/ShieldsGives no/few examples of Rings/Armours/Rods/Staffs/ShieldsDoesn't really think out a lot of the bonuses, also I question a lot of the penalties one has to take to use a Legacy weapon. About the only table worth taking is 4-1, or 4-2. Sure its a minus three to your saves, and a minus 2 to your attack power, and a whole SLEW of HP. The rest of them are so painful they aren't worth taking. Doesn't really think out a lot of the bonuses, also I question a lot of the penalties one has to take to use a Legacy weapon. About the only table worth taking is 4-1, or 4-2. Sure its a minus three to your saves, and a minus 2 to your attack power, and a whole SLEW of HP. The rest of them are so painful they aren't worth taking. Also all the caster "Tables" the ones your suppost to use if your a caster but losing caster levels and spell slots left and right doesn't make any sense. No matter what feats and wizardry skills its not worth it. Those could have been more thought out.Also all the caster "Tables" the ones your suppost to use if your a caster but losing caster levels and spell slots left and right doesn't make any sense. No matter what feats and wizardry skills its not worth it. Those could have been more thought out.Also I question the fact that in some cases the lowest tables, A, D, and G. Seem to be a lot better than the B, E and H tables just from the way they interact with things. I do fully agree that the top end capability you can add to your Legacy item is quite powerful, the I table is filled with many useful things the you wish you could have picked two of them. What I wish/want was if they're was some way to trade lower level slots to get you the capacity to get two I table skills. Also some way to get either more or less slots if you take a less dangerous or more dangerous tables of the legacy grid.Also I question the fact that in some cases the lowest tables, A, D, and G. Seem to be a lot better than the B, E and H tables just from the way they interact with things. I do fully agree that the top end capability you can add to your Legacy item is quite powerful, the I table is filled with many useful things the you wish you could have picked two of them. What I wish/want was if they're was some way to trade lower level slots to get you the capacity to get two I table skills. Also some way to get either more or less slots if you take a less dangerous or more dangerous tables of the legacy grid.The rules for weapons and fighters/barbarians/paladins/rangers. Are very well thought out and are very powerful. Yet for anyone other class they need heavy modification to be workable. In a Caster heavy campaign like the one I run and participate in its a very low value book
 I found the book very difficult to use and almost never had what I was looking for.  The small dictionary in the back of my eyewitness travel guide was much more useful
 It's not that the actual story is nonsense but they guy has included so much 'fluff' that you get board waiting on a paragraph with real content.  This book was so frustrating, I really wish I had saved myself the bother of reading it
 The photos are beautiful, the designs are just wonderful...but if you have kids this is not real life. This is a magazine lifestyle. You could only do this if you had an unlimited budget, there are no true solutions for real families with real children and real budgets. Sure my home could be organized if I had an open checkbook and could have such fabulous built-ins, and all the baskets I could buy! Stick with the real simple magazine and leave the book for the coffee table.
 This book is mostly hype. The writing is not that great. Japan must be really dying out if the country of some of the world's great literary giants can award such a prize for such weak work. However the book has erotic energy and is fresh in that way. If you are a serious reader skip this book.
 This is a kids book. First few had my attention but since then its getting worse with each book.
 I keep reading and listening to his books because everyone says how good they are, but I have never found this to be so.  He always strikes me as someone who potters around never really interacting with people who then goes home and writes about it.  He seems more at home studying statistics (which he includes everywhere) and drawing his own facile conclusions from these statistics.  I always imagine him stuck in his room reading his newspaper, surfing the net and smugly summing up his brief interactions with people in the real world.  All his travel books are equally awful as he never really interacts with anyone - just comments on them later.  Still lots of people think he is grea
 Sorry guys, I looked forward to working on recipes from this cookbook due to the very enthusiastic reception it received from the media.  The graphics of the book are truly beautiful.  The recipes however, hmmm,  try again.  I followed a simple recipe for Apple Crisp and got a bad result.  I now go to respected standard cookbooks for my Apple Crisp recipe and the old family favorite always turns out great.  Really people, the recipes are NOT the stuff of greatness.  Graphics? Great. Photography? Great?  Recipes? You have got to be kidding
 Imagine, just as I was getting bored with this book, through an odd act of  contingence its binding literally fell apart in my hands.  A  Loki-Eshu-hermetic encounter?  What a thankful rescue.  Rambling and  indulgent, such repetition would be better kept to a long essay rather than  a full book.  A trickster's story, indeed
 So you pick up this book and read on the back cover the exciting quote about Hemingway's ghost and you're ready to drop some cash, right?  Guess what--there's zero information about the Hemingway haunting in this book!  In addition, old Ataulfo of Madrid has less words wasted on him than an asthmatic's version of Handel's Halleluja Chorus.  Instead, what's offered here is a rehash of old stories (and old theories about what ghosts could be) with insipid, comic book illustrations.  Why this is called a &quot;field guide&quot; with its connotation of an exhaustive reference to every kind of manifestation of a particular phenomenon--be it birds, plants, or mushrooms--is yet another part of the mystery of why this book exists.  If you're a serious researcher of this subject, then pass this book up and seek Hem's fetch elsewhere
 Creepiest book ever.Creepiest book ever.How can I describe it? It's like waking from fevered dreams to find yourself in a bathtub filled with molasses and blood, and flies crawling in and out of your eyes, your nose, the corners of your mouth. It is unpleasant.How can I describe it? It's like waking from fevered dreams to find yourself in a bathtub filled with molasses and blood, and flies crawling in and out of your eyes, your nose, the corners of your mouth. It is unpleasant.I don't know, I hate to be the philistine, and I suppose it's a good thing that these books exist, for other people, but for me? I don't want to live in such ugliness
 Leaving the racism issue aside, this is not a book for small children. Even if everything turns out OK in the end, I'm not prepared to expose my children to issues of capital punishment and the drowning death of a small boy. Small children forget the ending and focus on the scary parts in between. Perhaps I'm a softie, but let's allow them to be children and not worry about being wrongfully accused of murder and sentenced to death by beheading. Just because it's a classic doesn't make it appropriate reading.
 Racism is not the problem with this book - sure...5 Chinese brothers look alike -maybe they look alike because they are brothers, not because they are Chinese.  I bought this book because generally I love the books written in earlier times - they have a quaintness about their stories and illustrations that can transport you and your child to another time.  This book does have engaging illustrations.  What I find disturbing is the fact that this is a book for children yet:Racism is not the problem with this book - sure...5 Chinese brothers look alike -maybe they look alike because they are brothers, not because they are Chinese.  I bought this book because generally I love the books written in earlier times - they have a quaintness about their stories and illustrations that can transport you and your child to another time.  This book does have engaging illustrations.  What I find disturbing is the fact that this is a book for children yet:(1)	a little boy drowns, never to be seen again(2)	one brother is tried, arrested and sentenced to have his head cut off(3)	the people of the village assemble in the village to witness the execution where the "executioner took his sword and struck a mighty blow"(4)	the next brother was sentenced to be drowned and was thrown overboard from a boat(5)	the next brother is sentenced to be burned alive - he was tied up to a stake and set fire (6)	the next brother is sentenced to be suffocated - he's shovelled into an oven(6)	the next brother is sentenced to be suffocated - he's shovelled into an ovenThis is no more appropriate for a child (or adult for that matter) in 1936 than it is in 2005.  Now, a lot of you are probably thinking I'm one of those mothers who just needs to get a sense of humour and lighten up.  I'm not...I love the Giving Tree, and can put naughty Eloise (and the smoking nanny) in context, as I can many other books that polarise readers.  I really wanted to like this book but trust me....if you buy it, you will have lots of uncomfortable explaining to do to a young child.  An eight year old may be able to put it in context, but there is no way you should read this to a four year old.   If you want a great book written in the 1930s, buy Ferdinand the Bull instead.  It's a fantastic book.  
 Unfotrunately Shantaram did not grab my imagination at all.  Nor did I find it emotionally satisfying.  I realize Shataram is meant to be a kind of Bollywood story - over the top, flowery, cliched etc. but the Bollywood movies I've seen have been engaging and strangely satisfying, despite their soppyness etc.  Shantaram was not engaging because the poor writing and shallow characters spoil the story. 
 First I have to admit, I only read 150 pages of this book.  That was all I could possibly stand.  Life is just too short to waste on a book you don't enjoy reading.First I have to admit, I only read 150 pages of this book.  That was all I could possibly stand.  Life is just too short to waste on a book you don't enjoy reading.Ballas, our main character, is a drunk and a scoundrel.  One is not sure whether they should root for or against him.  He is a vagrant, thief, and all around not so nice guy.  He steals a mysteriously beautiful gemstone, which sets into motion something........I got too bored to stick around and find out what.Ballas, our main character, is a drunk and a scoundrel.  One is not sure whether they should root for or against him.  He is a vagrant, thief, and all around not so nice guy.  He steals a mysteriously beautiful gemstone, which sets into motion something........I got too bored to stick around and find out what.  The first 150 pages are filled with Ballas being beaten within an inch of his life, coming to, healing enough to move on, only to be beaten within an inch of his life again.   ok, we get it, let's get on with the story.  I just got too bored to stay with this one folks.  Maybe it got better, but to me, if an author can't write well enough to grab and maintain my attention, their book isn't worth my time.  There are too many great books out there.  Read this one at your own risk, if you can stay awake through it, that is
 By arguing that human rights comes from some vague concept of "dignity" and "familiarity" rather than sentience and feeling, Fukuyama brings to mind the European colonists who considered Africans no more than "common beasts." His philosophy, although argued in a tone that seems reasonable, is at turns startingly narrow-minded and genetically-racist. Not reccomended: readers should look otherwheres for a more balanced and less judgemental review of biotechnology and ethics
 Don't waste your money on this book. I will finish the book because it is our book club choice. The characters are shallow and  self centered. The writing is middle school quality. Kris Radish seems to have an agenda she is pushing and she was going to get it all into this book come hell or high water. No poetry and no beauty, I could care less about the women in this book. Who could possibly think life's problems could be solved by walking away from them while drinking lots of wine? I treasure my sisters and women friends but I wouldn't want to be a friend to any of these women. I would give it no stars if I could
 The book is AMAZING!  The CD is HORRIBLE!  Stick to reading the book yourself.  I have over 45 audio books...and this was like listen to a bad commercial.  I had to turn it off. There is no connection between the narrator and the words he is reading.  They don't even state who the narrator is!The book is AMAZING!  The CD is HORRIBLE!  Stick to reading the book yourself.  I have over 45 audio books...and this was like listen to a bad commercial.  I had to turn it off. There is no connection between the narrator and the words he is reading.  They don't even state who the narrator is!I recommend the book to anyone.  The content is life changing
 I recommend the book to anyone.  The content is life changingMr. Cahills book offers an interesting and controversial take on history. He is an excellent and compelling writer, but his differentiation between pre and post diaspora Israelites when discussing the Celts in several of his books is not always clear. Mr. Cahills book offers an interesting and controversial take on history. He is an excellent and compelling writer, but his differentiation between pre and post diaspora Israelites when discussing the Celts in several of his books is not always clear. It was only the post-Babylonian diaspora Southern Kingdom Israelites who came to be known as Jews, around 500 BC. It was only the post-Babylonian diaspora Southern Kingdom Israelites who came to be known as Jews, around 500 BC. It was the post-Assyrian diaspora (721 BC) of the larger ten-tribed Northern Kingdom Israelites who became what we today call the Celts. It is they who are both the Island Celts who populated Ireland, Scotland, Wales, etc., and their cousins, the Continental Celts who sacked the Roman Empire under many Celtic tribal names and who make up most of northwest Europe today.  It was the post-Assyrian diaspora (721 BC) of the larger ten-tribed Northern Kingdom Israelites who became what we today call the Celts. It is they who are both the Island Celts who populated Ireland, Scotland, Wales, etc., and their cousins, the Continental Celts who sacked the Roman Empire under many Celtic tribal names and who make up most of northwest Europe today.  The author could perhaps clarify this part of his presentations on European history by reviewing losttribes.net or any other modern Celtic site based on contemporary archeology.The author could perhaps clarify this part of his presentations on European history by reviewing losttribes.net or any other modern Celtic site based on contemporary archeology.
 Sorry guys, I looked forward to working on recipes from this cookbook due to the very enthusiastic reception it received from the media.  The graphics of the book are truly beautiful.  The recipes however, hmmm,  try again.  I followed a simple recipe for Apple Crisp and got a bad result.  I now go to respected standard cookbooks for my Apple Crisp recipe and the old family favorite always turns out great.  Really people, the recipes are NOT the stuff of greatness.  Graphics? Great. Photography? Great?  Recipes? You have got to be kidding
 All I could think was, "Damn, if I had so many friends at my beck and call to talk me down off the ledge, I'd never be depressed." I don't know quite how to explain it, but I felt no empathy for him. I only ended up feeling more depressed. As a history of depression, the level of research was quite impressive. All I could think was, "Damn, if I had so many friends at my beck and call to talk me down off the ledge, I'd never be depressed." I don't know quite how to explain it, but I felt no empathy for him. I only ended up feeling more depressed. As a history of depression, the level of research was quite impressive. If you read Prozac Nation and wanted to punch her out, steer clear of this one as well
 Roberts' little fable pits a wholly benign free-trade against absolute protectionism and guess which one looks better.  Based on the theories of David Ricardo, the fable assumes that every worker in the world is always treated fairly and every boss is kind and responsible.  In The Choice there are no sweat shops and no corrupt CEOs.  Fables like The Choice (or the "free-market economy" for that matter) are easy to believe because we want the world to be that simple.  That's why the book is dangerous.  The Choice has almost nothing to do with the real world, but it sounds good.  The argument is so seamless that it appears almost unassailable.  If you buy Roberts' version of Ricardo, however, you must accept Wal-Mart as the epitome of business virtue.Roberts' little fable pits a wholly benign free-trade against absolute protectionism and guess which one looks better.  Based on the theories of David Ricardo, the fable assumes that every worker in the world is always treated fairly and every boss is kind and responsible.  In The Choice there are no sweat shops and no corrupt CEOs.  Fables like The Choice (or the "free-market economy" for that matter) are easy to believe because we want the world to be that simple.  That's why the book is dangerous.  The Choice has almost nothing to do with the real world, but it sounds good.  The argument is so seamless that it appears almost unassailable.  If you buy Roberts' version of Ricardo, however, you must accept Wal-Mart as the epitome of business virtue.Roberts may be a great guy, and he certainly writes well.  Unfortunately, his book begins with a series of fallacious premises and works its way toward a conclusion that is simple, elegant, and horribly wrong
 This book turned out to be a disappointing resource.  Although the book includes 20,001 names, many are unlikely and outlandish (Klotild, Edwige, Ghislain, Ethelbert, Birtle), making it arduous to sift through to find the  names more worthy of consideration
 "An American Tragedy" by Theodore Dreiser is considered one of the greatest American books ever written.  This may be the case if you can get past the first chapter.  Five times, I have tried to read this book.  To date, I am 0 for 5, having fallen asleep each time trying to read it.  If you're a bit of a lazy reader or one who doesn't want to work through a book, this is not for you.  Try Mark Twain instead
 Professor Solove comments about me on page 147 are out and out lies. Search  washingtonpost.com news archives for "john and holt and and gsa" for the true story.John Emory HoltJohn Emory Holt
 I've read all of Nevada Barr's Anna Pigeon books and enjoyed every one of them until I reached Hard Truth. After writing so many intellligent, suspenseful stories, Barr has joined what seems to be an open competition among mystery writers to see who can come up with the most despicable crime. Murder's not nasty enough? How about the murder of children? Still not gruesome enough? Add incest/rape/torture...you get the picture.I've read all of Nevada Barr's Anna Pigeon books and enjoyed every one of them until I reached Hard Truth. After writing so many intellligent, suspenseful stories, Barr has joined what seems to be an open competition among mystery writers to see who can come up with the most despicable crime. Murder's not nasty enough? How about the murder of children? Still not gruesome enough? Add incest/rape/torture...you get the picture.Ostensibly such books are meant to give the reader insight into the minds of evil villains, but really, who cares? The kind of evil depicted in these books is not just disgusting but banal. It's like bad language in humor--in general, it's just a cover for bad writing. Ostensibly such books are meant to give the reader insight into the minds of evil villains, but really, who cares? The kind of evil depicted in these books is not just disgusting but banal. It's like bad language in humor--in general, it's just a cover for bad writing. In Hard Truth, Barr outdoes all of the competition for sheer nastiness, in the process leaving out the features that make her other books so enjoyable: the charm and intelligence of her main charcter, the well-reasoned defense of nature, the lush descriptions of each story's setting. I found this book neither enlightening nor remotely enjoyable. I give it two stars for an interesting but largely wasted character (a recently paralyzed ice climber), but otherwise I'm sorry I spent my time and money on it
 Some times it is nice to have a book that points out the obvious. You can be too close to a problem to notice the obvious. Unfortunately this book is too obvious. And it is all fluff with no substance. Wait you say. This is a design book what do you want? Code?  I really wanted design. So where is it? Between the pages that tell how to use exotic tools to do what html can? Or is it between the lines that keep emphasizing speed? Or is it that this is one big advertisement for the contributors? Oh well, it makes you look scholarly to have this book on the Koffee table
 I own and have read all of JA Jance's JP Beaumont and Joanna Brady mysteries and eagerly look forward to the next episodes in these character's lives.  I picked this book up, thinking it would be on par with all the JA Jance books I've read previously.  What a crashing disappointment.  I can't care about stereotypical characters in unbelievable situations - truth be told, I kept looking at the cover to see if I'd picked up a Harlequin by mistake.  I'll probably read more Ali Reynolds books if this is indeed a new series, but I'd much rather see what happens with JP and Joanna - incidentally, I didn't think much of either of them, either, when their paths crossed some books ago.  This one gets a big "Aw, c'mon, JA, you can do much better than this!" from me.  For those who haven't read previous books and happened to have the bad luck to pick this one up as your first JAJ, get the JP Beaumonts and start at the beginning.  They are worth the time and effort
 Considering that this is virtually the first attempt (as far as I know) at a Dictionary of the Pentecostal/Charismatic movement, this is a good start. It is worth the price for what it does contain but it is not without glaringflaws.The title &quot;International&quot; leads one to expect much more coverage of Pentecost outside of the U.S. Canada, where Pentecostal movements thrived in parallel with those in the U.S., is given very scanty treatment.Some major early Canadian apostles, such as O.J. Lovik, are skipped entirely. There is also too much opportunity given for some controversial movements to propagandize. A balanced article would necessitate an article by an unbiased observer, rather than by the leaders of those movements.Finally, there is too much credence and space given to sociological assessments of a movement that requires, above all else, keen spiritual discernment to separate the wheat from the chaff. That said, I will consult my copy often, for the great amount of useful material it does contain
   This book is filthy.  I had to take a shower after I read it.  Why doesn't he get a job?  Why does he have to live in France? Why doesn't he save his money instead of investing it in alcohol and hookers?  So many questions.  People just think this book deserves a place on the same shelf as say James Michenier because it was banned.  It was banned because it's a bad book
 Mr. Winchester takes an interesting subject, collects enough material to make a fine article in, say, National Geographic, and somehow pads it out to several hundred pages in length.  (Case in point, a chapter devoted to how he found an interesting fossil by the seaside while a kid, but loses it, and his journey back to the site of this failure of his to wallow in the misery of this horrible loss. Ick. Self-induldgent.  Boring.)  Worse, still, even where there is a potential for interesting and enlightening material, such as relates, say, to the subject's wife, all Mr. Winchester bothers to give us are some gossipy speculations.  I guess extensive research might have been too time consuming.  Numerous times I considered stopping reading the book because the writing was so dreadful, but the subject was just interesting enough to keep me going, hence my review of two stars.  Mr. Winchester takes an interesting subject, collects enough material to make a fine article in, say, National Geographic, and somehow pads it out to several hundred pages in length.  (Case in point, a chapter devoted to how he found an interesting fossil by the seaside while a kid, but loses it, and his journey back to the site of this failure of his to wallow in the misery of this horrible loss. Ick. Self-induldgent.  Boring.)  Worse, still, even where there is a potential for interesting and enlightening material, such as relates, say, to the subject's wife, all Mr. Winchester bothers to give us are some gossipy speculations.  I guess extensive research might have been too time consuming.  Numerous times I considered stopping reading the book because the writing was so dreadful, but the subject was just interesting enough to keep me going, hence my review of two stars.  John McPhee could have covered the actual science of geology way better than Mr. Winchester, and just about any other author could have done a better job of telling the personal story
     While I applaud Ms. Lawrence for educating fans on the gross injustices within the Hendrix family and for having a commendable understanding of Janie Hendrix's psychological make up that is lost even on many who are within her orbit, there are some very serious credibility problems here.      While I applaud Ms. Lawrence for educating fans on the gross injustices within the Hendrix family and for having a commendable understanding of Janie Hendrix's psychological make up that is lost even on many who are within her orbit, there are some very serious credibility problems here.     While even the idle Hendrix fan knows Jimi was born in King County Hospital, (Now Harbor View) Lawrence states he was born at the home of a family friend.(Ouch) Jimi is quoted allegedly verbatum throughout the book but from some alledged tapes of interviews that no one has seen or heard and that Lawrence conveniently plans on destroying so 'no one can profit from them'.Meanwhile cigarette packs (yes, cigarette packs) and necklaces are being sold via ebay or to private collectors allegedly having belonged to Hendrix ,siting Ms. Lawrence as the previous owner and source of authenticity.    While even the idle Hendrix fan knows Jimi was born in King County Hospital, (Now Harbor View) Lawrence states he was born at the home of a family friend.(Ouch) Jimi is quoted allegedly verbatum throughout the book but from some alledged tapes of interviews that no one has seen or heard and that Lawrence conveniently plans on destroying so 'no one can profit from them'.Meanwhile cigarette packs (yes, cigarette packs) and necklaces are being sold via ebay or to private collectors allegedly having belonged to Hendrix ,siting Ms. Lawrence as the previous owner and source of authenticity.    At one point she aledgedly quotes Hendrix as saying:   At one point she aledgedly quotes Hendrix as saying:"The LSD passed around San Francisco was a fabulous discovery for me, I'd taken acid in London but...." "The LSD passed around San Francisco was a fabulous discovery for me, I'd taken acid in London but...."      Aside from Jimi's use of the word 'fabulous' being at best incredulous, the fact that Hendrix had already tried LSD in New York in 1996 before going to England and subsequently Monterey is common knowledge among afficianados and again makes all of these alledged direct quotes questionable. Those of you who have listened to and read the hundreds of hours of interviews available through collectors, official releases and press clippings will also find some of the wording of these alledged quotes that the book, and the credibility of it's author are based on, extremely suspect. At one point Ms. Lawrence even offers an aledged quote from Hendrix's mother who passed away in 1958:     Aside from Jimi's use of the word 'fabulous' being at best incredulous, the fact that Hendrix had already tried LSD in New York in 1996 before going to England and subsequently Monterey is common knowledge among afficianados and again makes all of these alledged direct quotes questionable. Those of you who have listened to and read the hundreds of hours of interviews available through collectors, official releases and press clippings will also find some of the wording of these alledged quotes that the book, and the credibility of it's author are based on, extremely suspect. At one point Ms. Lawrence even offers an aledged quote from Hendrix's mother who passed away in 1958:"Jimi baby" she told her son "I have to escape this""Jimi baby" she told her son "I have to escape this"   While quotes like this can illicit an emotional response  from the average reader,they are clearly  fictional. Throughout the book people close to Jimi are referenced but very sparsely quoted, if at all. I shared the recount of Jimi's trip to Berkeley as a small child (Pg.5) with Jimi's aunt Delores and she laughed openly and wondered aloud where people come up with these stories. This from a woman who was actually there and involved in planning said trip. While making a reference to Ernestine Benson and misstakenly referring to her husband Cornel  as "Bill" , Lawrence again allegedly quotes Hendrix in lieu of an actual interview with the Benson's who are both still living and have incredible first hand insights having lived with the Hendrix's. from the average reader,they are clearly  fictional. Throughout the book people close to Jimi are referenced but very sparsely quoted, if at all. I shared the recount of Jimi's trip to Berkeley as a small child (Pg.5) with Jimi's aunt Delores and she laughed openly and wondered aloud where people come up with these stories. This from a woman who was actually there and involved in planning said trip. While making a reference to Ernestine Benson and misstakenly referring to her husband Cornel  as "Bill" , Lawrence again allegedly quotes Hendrix in lieu of an actual interview with the Benson's who are both still living and have incredible first hand insights having lived with the Hendrix's.   Lawrence's assertion that Hendrix committed suicide simply because his journal was left out is no less ridiculous than Jimi's adopted stepsister Janie's claim that Jimi didn't OD.  Lawrence then stops just short of gleefully giving herself credit for Monika's suicide, but the jist is clear. This book is more than a bit narcissistic with Lawrence lauding herself as much as she does her subject. While proclaiming herself to be a close confident of Hendrix' the general consensus is that she wasn't around that much, if people even know who she is at all.  Lawrence's assertion that Hendrix committed suicide simply because his journal was left out is no less ridiculous than Jimi's adopted stepsister Janie's claim that Jimi didn't OD.  Lawrence then stops just short of gleefully giving herself credit for Monika's suicide, but the jist is clear. This book is more than a bit narcissistic with Lawrence lauding herself as much as she does her subject. While proclaiming herself to be a close confident of Hendrix' the general consensus is that she wasn't around that much, if people even know who she is at all.  For a much more well researched and credible look into Jimi's life read Electric Gypsy or even more so , the new book Room Full Of Mirrors by Charles Cross. The Man, The Magic, The Truth, while very dramatic, is rife with glaring inaccuracies and is for the most part a novel about the author and her subject, not a biography or a reliable historical record. Unless these alledged tapes that are widely quoted throughout the entire book are made available, their legitimacy and the legitimacy of the book will forever be questioned.   For a much more well researched and credible look into Jimi's life read Electric Gypsy or even more so , the new book Room Full Of Mirrors by Charles Cross. The Man, The Magic, The Truth, while very dramatic, is rife with glaring inaccuracies and is for the most part a novel about the author and her subject, not a biography or a reliable historical record. Unless these alledged tapes that are widely quoted throughout the entire book are made available, their legitimacy and the legitimacy of the book will forever be questioned. Ray Rae GoldmanArchivist/HistorianJames Marshall Hendrix Foundatio
 Bought this one for Evolution class. It is a horrible excuse for a textbook. Do not buy this book unless it is for a middle school student. If the authors think this book has been written for an advanced audience, then I would suggest that anyone interested in learning evolution not attend University of Washington
 While I did find the book informative and a good supplement to Robert Sobel's The Great Bull Market: Wall Street in the 1920s, Galbraith interjects his sarcastic view of the participants in the 1920s Bull Market way too much. This makes parts of the book extremely difficult to read. While I persevered to the end, I fouynd Sobel's account as informative and much more enjoyable to read
 I was very disapointed by this book. After just finishing the 400+ pages book "Bull! from Maggie Mahar" which is an absolute ecxellent book about market cycles (although the more recent boom of 1982-1999), "The great Crash" was really hard to read. It totally shows its age (it was written more than 50 years ago). The language is hard to understand and some words seem weird in todays time. I was very disapointed by this book. After just finishing the 400+ pages book "Bull! from Maggie Mahar" which is an absolute ecxellent book about market cycles (although the more recent boom of 1982-1999), "The great Crash" was really hard to read. It totally shows its age (it was written more than 50 years ago). The language is hard to understand and some words seem weird in todays time. But its not just the language which makes this book not enjoyable. It is not written with much entertainment value, and the book I mentioned earlier shows clearly that it is quite possible to write an very entertaining book about the stock market. It also is very superficial, it doesn't go into much detail at all. It doesn't tell any examples of real people or anything which would make the book more readable. But its not just the language which makes this book not enjoyable. It is not written with much entertainment value, and the book I mentioned earlier shows clearly that it is quite possible to write an very entertaining book about the stock market. It also is very superficial, it doesn't go into much detail at all. It doesn't tell any examples of real people or anything which would make the book more readable. It lists names and companies without doing a good part of explaning why it lists them. Sometimes I was thinking to myself "Please get to your point."It lists names and companies without doing a good part of explaning why it lists them. Sometimes I was thinking to myself "Please get to your point."That book was probably a good read in 1955 while people still could relate to most of the names he lists. But now (2004) there must be better books out there about the Crash of 1929.That book was probably a good read in 1955 while people still could relate to most of the names he lists. But now (2004) there must be better books out there about the Crash of 1929.I give it two stars and not one (you can't give zero stars) because it has some interesting facts. Overall I would NOT recommend this book. Try another one about this subject
 I have been reading a series of autobiographical accounts of modern day warriors and had high hopes for this title.  As others have pointed out, Coughlin's ego can be suffocating at times.  This could be forgiven if it were the books only flaw.  Alas it is not.  The writing is amateurish at best and the author's overuse of adjective and hyperbole is very distracting.  The language is disjointed and unnatural as if it were written with the heavy use of a thesaurus.  Again this could be forgiven as we're reading this book for a soldier's account, not that of an English grad student.I have been reading a series of autobiographical accounts of modern day warriors and had high hopes for this title.  As others have pointed out, Coughlin's ego can be suffocating at times.  This could be forgiven if it were the books only flaw.  Alas it is not.  The writing is amateurish at best and the author's overuse of adjective and hyperbole is very distracting.  The language is disjointed and unnatural as if it were written with the heavy use of a thesaurus.  Again this could be forgiven as we're reading this book for a soldier's account, not that of an English grad student.This book offers a stark contrast in comparison with Nathaniel Fick's "One Bullet Away."  Whereas Fick seems to be an intelligent, thoughtful and humble warrior whose primary concern is the welfare of his men, Coughlin conveys himself as a shallow intellect with more concern for personal glory and satisfaction than anything else.  He is a team player when he hand picks the team and considers them worthy of his own company.This book offers a stark contrast in comparison with Nathaniel Fick's "One Bullet Away."  Whereas Fick seems to be an intelligent, thoughtful and humble warrior whose primary concern is the welfare of his men, Coughlin conveys himself as a shallow intellect with more concern for personal glory and satisfaction than anything else.  He is a team player when he hand picks the team and considers them worthy of his own company.You cannot know a person from reading their writing but Coughlin's character development is very superficial.  His attempts to convey a "human side" are unbelievable and seem grossly contrived.  This is a great contrast to the character development in "One Bullet."  There is no connection between author and reader in "Shooter."  Coughlin does not develop the role players either.  In "One Bullet" you really feel the brotherhood developed among the officer, his NCOs and the enlisted men.  Additionally, Coughlin's demeaning descriptions of his support staff (non-trigger pullers) is tedious and only reinforces doubts about his team ethic.You cannot know a person from reading their writing but Coughlin's character development is very superficial.  His attempts to convey a "human side" are unbelievable and seem grossly contrived.  This is a great contrast to the character development in "One Bullet."  There is no connection between author and reader in "Shooter."  Coughlin does not develop the role players either.  In "One Bullet" you really feel the brotherhood developed among the officer, his NCOs and the enlisted men.  Additionally, Coughlin's demeaning descriptions of his support staff (non-trigger pullers) is tedious and only reinforces doubts about his team ethic.To make matters worse the action isn't as well developed as in other titles.  The author's self-congratulatory tone and emphasis on personal exploits, with plenty of after-action chest thumping, obscures the view of battle.  He spends little time on the finer elements of sniper tradecraft, training and shooting.  This can be found elsewhere.To make matters worse the action isn't as well developed as in other titles.  The author's self-congratulatory tone and emphasis on personal exploits, with plenty of after-action chest thumping, obscures the view of battle.  He spends little time on the finer elements of sniper tradecraft, training and shooting.  This can be found elsewhere.Overall this book was a great disappointment.  If only a fraction of Coughlin's self-acclaimed exploits are true, then he is a remarkable sniper.  He should let his accomplishments speak for themselves and not try to beat us over the head with them
 the beginning of this book was excellent, but dont be fooled, the first few chapters are the only decent part of this book.  the rest of the book is just filled with sex and the ultimate downfall is that there is no foreshadowing to the killers. what's the point of writing it if the reader cant try to figure out who the murderers were.  this was one of the worst books i have ever read, i'd call it a trashy romance novel with a hint of mystery. dont waste your time reading it
 Several reviews of this book, published elsewhere, stressthe contents of Rossi's analysis were more focused toward the skeptical side of Egyptian math and construction methods.Rossi, therefore is being fairly depicted as publishing new information within unproven paradigms.Rossi, therefore is being fairly depicted as publishing new information within unproven paradigms.On the math side, Rossi mentions Fibonacci's algorithmand phi, two paradigms that clearly were not used in ancientEgypt, though many like to suggest that they were. TheFibonacci algorithm idea was introduced after 1891 and J.J. Sylvester's skeptical views of the RMP's 2/nth table, are reference point to 1202 AD and the Liber Abaci, but not a reference point of Egypt. Egypt used more subtle ideaslike http://egyptianmath.blogspot.com and http://akhmimwoodentablet.blogspot.com .like http://egyptianmath.blogspot.com and http://akhmimwoodentablet.blogspot.com .Yet, Hultsch in 1895 clearly showed that Ahmes in 1650 BC easily wrote out 2/p series into short and concise unit fraction series using a very simple partitioning method (as Ahmes wrote out n/p answers in his 'false position' algebra problems, ie. 5/19 written out in a long awkward series using 1/12th as the first partition, as he did for 2/19,as describe a couple paragraphs below. Ahmes wrote 5/19as describe a couple paragraphs below. Ahmes wrote 5/19per, 5/19 - 1/12 = (60 - 19)/(12*19) = (38 + 2 + 1)/(12*19)per, 5/19 - 1/12 = (60 - 19)/(12*19) = (38 + 2 + 1)/(12*19)or, 5/19 = 1/6 + 1/12 + 1/114 + 1/228). or, 5/19 = 1/6 + 1/12 + 1/114 + 1/228). Clearly modern scholars (two being Robins-Shute) have often suggested that 'false supposition' was used by Ahmes, hintingthat Ahmes guessed at his answers. Ahmes never guessed! Ahmes'answers were always exact when he worked with rational numbers.answers were always exact when he worked with rational numbers.Moderm scholars were the ones that had guessed, and missed, finding Ahmes deeper methods. Interestingly no scholar, untilvery recently, has claimed to have read Ahmes' shorthandnotes. Modern scholars had sadly filled inlogical gaps leftby Ahmes with their own intellectual guesses - many of whichhave been proven to be wrong (as Rossi had not learned, sincehe referenced none of the controversial Eguptian fraction and weights and measures issues).he referenced none of the controversial Eguptian fraction and weights and measures issues).Bruins also discovered the Hultsch method in 1945, and today the method is named the Hultsch-Bruin method. It says thatthe method is named the Hultsch-Bruin method. It says that2/p = 1/A  + (2A -p)/Ap2/p = 1/A  + (2A -p)/Apwhere A, a highly divisible number selected in the rangewhere A, a highly divisible number selected in the range   p/2 &lt; A &lt; p   p/2 &lt; A &lt; pwith the divisors of A uniquely added to (2A -p)thereby solving (2A-p)/Ap.thereby solving (2A-p)/Ap.Example,Example,2/19 = 1/12 + (24 -19)/(12*19)2/19 = 1/12 + (24 -19)/(12*19)      = 1/12 + (3 + 2)/(12*19)      = 1/12 + (3 + 2)/(12*19)      = 1/12 + 1/76 + 1/114      = 1/12 + 1/76 + 1/114with the (4 + 1) alternative being discardedsince its last denominator was too large.  Rossi also mentions that Egyptian division may have followedan inverse operation of its multiplication 'doubling' method.an inverse operation of its multiplication 'doubling' method.Here also Rossi did not seen the simple remainder arithmeticfound in RMP #62 where 100/13 = 7 + 9/13 = 7 + 2/3 + 1/39.found in RMP #62 where 100/13 = 7 + 9/13 = 7 + 2/3 + 1/39.Generally Ahmes and all scribes divided by this Q = quotientand R = remainder method. The Akhmim Wooden Tablet even shows a special method for grain and volume division wherea hekat unity 64/64 was divided by n, with n &lt; 64, asa hekat unity 64/64 was divided by n, with n &lt; 64, as(64/64)/n = Q/64 + R/(n*64)(64/64)/n = Q/64 + R/(n*64)Even more interesting, Ahmes also used this method to divide 100 hekat by 70, with his final form matchingthe Akhmim Wooden tablet's special use of ro = 1/320thof a hekat, by:of a hekat, by:(6400/64)/70 = 91/64 + 30/(70*64)(6400/64)/70 = 91/64 + 30/(70*64)and introducing ro = 1/320 of a hekat,and introducing ro = 1/320 of a hekat,             = (1 +16 + 8+ 2 + 1)/64 = (150/70)* 1/320             = (1 +16 + 8+ 2 + 1)/64 = (150/70)* 1/320             = 1+ 1/4 + 1/8 + 1/32+ 1/64 + (2 + 1/7)*ro             = 1+ 1/4 + 1/8 + 1/32+ 1/64 + (2 + 1/7)*roI'll not go on and discuss Rossi' view of Egyptianarchitecture being the above her standard Cambridge skeptical comments.skeptical comments.Overall, many accept Rossi's view as informative,and I do as well, in limited areas. However, on the math side of Rossi's quick use of a Sylvester's andother recent skeptical techniques, all disproven years ago,shows that her Cambridge training needs to be expandedto read the Egyptian mathematical texts. Clearly Ahmesand his brother/sister scribes are the only experts that should guide our understanding of Egyptian math.  
 I give this book a low rating because of the misinformation that Nicholas Wade has presented and in the manner it was presented, "DNA and the Secret Family of Thomas Jefferson."This most difinitive "unproven" statement leads the unsuspecting reader to believe that he "seems" to know so much about genetics and early man that he knows all about the Jefferson-Hemings DNA Study and for what "reason" he sees fit to include it into a serious scientific book as being very suspect as mentioned by some reviewers. He seems to not associate science and truth together as it pertains to the Jefferson-Hemings controversy. Unless I overlooked it, I saw no reference to the excellent work that genetist  Spencer Wells is performing for National Geographic Socity.  I assisted this study by providing access to Jefferson DNA  sources. The result of a match was found in the early Phoenicians,(Caanites mentioned in the bible)and in lands that today are Syria and Lebanon.  This most difinitive "unproven" statement leads the unsuspecting reader to believe that he "seems" to know so much about genetics and early man that he knows all about the Jefferson-Hemings DNA Study and for what "reason" he sees fit to include it into a serious scientific book as being very suspect as mentioned by some reviewers. He seems to not associate science and truth together as it pertains to the Jefferson-Hemings controversy. Unless I overlooked it, I saw no reference to the excellent work that genetist  Spencer Wells is performing for National Geographic Socity.  I assisted this study by providing access to Jefferson DNA  sources. The result of a match was found in the early Phoenicians,(Caanites mentioned in the bible)and in lands that today are Syria and Lebanon.  From what I know of the study (I assisted Dr. E.A. Foster with the DNA study), Mr. Wade's analysis of this is extremely limited, in fact, it is extremely biased. "Thomas Jefferson fathered an unacknowledged family with his slave mistress Sally Hemings" (pg 257). What truthful fact does he have to give this statement? He makes the most of giving details by lying James Callender and lying Samuel Wetmore/Madison Hemings in Pike Co., Ohio. Why the details in a book topic such as this? I will give you serious readers on the serious DNA topic my opinion. As you may see in my several reviews of other biased books, these authors know nothing of the details of the DNA Study but spread old early biased media tales. He did not inform you that a team of blue ribbon scholars (13 senior professors) for the Scholars Commission ([...]) and determined that there is no proof that Jefferson is guilty of these charges. You may read on my web page: www.angelfire.com/va/TJTruth all the details of this study. From what I know of the study (I assisted Dr. E.A. Foster with the DNA study), Mr. Wade's analysis of this is extremely limited, in fact, it is extremely biased. "Thomas Jefferson fathered an unacknowledged family with his slave mistress Sally Hemings" (pg 257). What truthful fact does he have to give this statement? He makes the most of giving details by lying James Callender and lying Samuel Wetmore/Madison Hemings in Pike Co., Ohio. Why the details in a book topic such as this? I will give you serious readers on the serious DNA topic my opinion. As you may see in my several reviews of other biased books, these authors know nothing of the details of the DNA Study but spread old early biased media tales. He did not inform you that a team of blue ribbon scholars (13 senior professors) for the Scholars Commission ([...]) and determined that there is no proof that Jefferson is guilty of these charges. You may read on my web page: www.angelfire.com/va/TJTruth all the details of this study. He cannot plead ignorance of the details because I sent him my research early in the media blitz and any reporter not using the many search engines to thoroughly search a subject is most suspect in my opinion. Can any serious researcher read his book and believe he/she is receaving accurate knowledge. My knowledge of the other topics he has written about is limited, BUT I do know this Jefferson-Hemings Study and he has done no current or original research. He references Annette Gordon-Reed as some type of "authority" on the controversy. She was charged by the Scholars Commission Report as having completely rearranged a letter from Jefferson's grand-daughter to give a negative meaning to her words. To add insult to his otherwise feeble attempt to influence your thinking, Wade has a figure with the title, "Thomas Jefferson Family with Sally Hemings.(Pg.260-261)." His lack of knowledge of Sally Hemings and Thomas Jefferson is most lacking in current research because he goes into details that Martha Jefferson and Sally Hemings are half-sisters (an old political rumor brought forward by people wishing to confuse readers and to be politically correct. He cannot plead ignorance of the details because I sent him my research early in the media blitz and any reporter not using the many search engines to thoroughly search a subject is most suspect in my opinion. Can any serious researcher read his book and believe he/she is receaving accurate knowledge. My knowledge of the other topics he has written about is limited, BUT I do know this Jefferson-Hemings Study and he has done no current or original research. He references Annette Gordon-Reed as some type of "authority" on the controversy. She was charged by the Scholars Commission Report as having completely rearranged a letter from Jefferson's grand-daughter to give a negative meaning to her words. To add insult to his otherwise feeble attempt to influence your thinking, Wade has a figure with the title, "Thomas Jefferson Family with Sally Hemings.(Pg.260-261)." His lack of knowledge of Sally Hemings and Thomas Jefferson is most lacking in current research because he goes into details that Martha Jefferson and Sally Hemings are half-sisters (an old political rumor brought forward by people wishing to confuse readers and to be politically correct. He does not mention a very scholarily book by Dr. and Mrs. James McMurry, "Anatomy of a Scandal, Thomas Jefferson and the Sally Story", who did deep research on this rumor and found it a lie designed to fit earlier political mud slinging. Since he did not give the reader another source for study, another VERY interesting book, "Jefferson Vindicated, Falacies, Omissions,and Contradictions in the Hemings Genealogical Search", I will tell you it has a foreword by former Monticello Director, James A, Bear, Jr. All of the named books, including, "The Jefferson-Hemings Myth" are available through Amazon. He does not mention a very scholarily book by Dr. and Mrs. James McMurry, "Anatomy of a Scandal, Thomas Jefferson and the Sally Story", who did deep research on this rumor and found it a lie designed to fit earlier political mud slinging. Since he did not give the reader another source for study, another VERY interesting book, "Jefferson Vindicated, Falacies, Omissions,and Contradictions in the Hemings Genealogical Search", I will tell you it has a foreword by former Monticello Director, James A, Bear, Jr. All of the named books, including, "The Jefferson-Hemings Myth" are available through Amazon. I do agree with Wade's last sentence on the Jefferson-Hemings controversy......."Some mysteries lie beyond the power of even DNA to resolve." I might add that contrived history is intertwined with DNA and even the Hemings will NOT permit the gathering of "another" Hemings DNA source.....only ONE originally tested.I do agree with Wade's last sentence on the Jefferson-Hemings controversy......."Some mysteries lie beyond the power of even DNA to resolve." I might add that contrived history is intertwined with DNA and even the Hemings will NOT permit the gathering of "another" Hemings DNA source.....only ONE originally tested.Herb BargerJefferson Family Historianherbar@comcast.net          
 If you admired the young McCourt boy who survived misery and a drunken father in Angela's Ashes (A'sA), this book is sure a huge deception. The first 80 pages are a great continuation to A'SA, but suddenly the rhythm of the book stops, as if McCourt had suffered from a severe drought of ideas. The storyline becomes chaotic, changing the day-today timeline we were used to to a mixture of anecdotes that take place 5 years forward and jump back again, no order or sense whatsoever.What's worse, nice and naive Mccourt transforms into a copy of his drunken father, constant beating up of women included. It's a huge shock (hey this story's REAL, folks!); it's as if Snow White suddenly turned into the role of the Queen. McCourt won't be the same nice, brave and funny guy for me nevermore.
 Like the other posters, I too was given this book as part of our homestudy for adopting a child from China. After reading the first chapter I found myself insulted. This book assumes all who read it are adopting because they cannot get pregnant, which is not my case. While infertility is something that should not be ignored, and I appreciate the fact that most adoption books I read address the matter, this book would have been much more respectable if it did not direct its text to the reader as a person who cannot conceive. I was so insulted that I returned the book to my social worker with these concerns
 I have long had the desire to read a Grisham book, because I have heard good things.  Well, my chance came and I was sorely disappointed.  The audio cd's were on sale at a truck stop and I decided to get them for The Chamber.  The opening to the book kept me going, but by chapter three, I had already decided this, "If Sam Cayhall lives I'm going to be mad because I get furious about hate crimes, and if he dies, he had better not die a martyr or worse yet the "hero" to the story."  Sadly, I pursued curious about the ending.  I'm very glad I got the cds instead of the book, because it only took six hours to get through it.  Sure wish I had those six hours back and the money invested so I could try a diferent author.  Mayber Grisham's other books are better, but I won't be reading them
 We live in a man's world. Women are raped, abused, beaten and generally regarded as objects for male gratification. This is an epidemic problem, and Christian men are just as great of offenders as the general population.We live in a man's world. Women are raped, abused, beaten and generally regarded as objects for male gratification. This is an epidemic problem, and Christian men are just as great of offenders as the general population.So here comes another book on male sexuality, for Christian men. The idea is good: rein in the beast. But the major defect, which sinks the book, is the self-centered nature of the remedy. So here comes another book on male sexuality, for Christian men. The idea is good: rein in the beast. But the major defect, which sinks the book, is the self-centered nature of the remedy. Christian men are given a toolkit to not look at booty. What we are not given is a concrete understanding of compassion. It's all self-centered. Who cares if the world is just as dangerous for our wives, daughters, and loved ones? At least I'm "sexually pure." Christian men are given a toolkit to not look at booty. What we are not given is a concrete understanding of compassion. It's all self-centered. Who cares if the world is just as dangerous for our wives, daughters, and loved ones? At least I'm "sexually pure." Surely sexual purity includes overthrowing the sexual aggression in society at large? This is a life and death situation. We will be successful according to the goals we set. It is not enough for men to stop lusting. We need to fundamentally change the sexual ethics of our society - ethics that aren't greatly concerned with women's well-being. Surely sexual purity includes overthrowing the sexual aggression in society at large? This is a life and death situation. We will be successful according to the goals we set. It is not enough for men to stop lusting. We need to fundamentally change the sexual ethics of our society - ethics that aren't greatly concerned with women's well-being. If you're only concerned with your own thoughts, this book could be useful. But what about the sense of security for the women in our society, who have to live with sexual aggression, cat-calls and "hey-baby"s? This book sets shamefully low standards for the church's role in reshaping society, even as it sets admirably high standards for individual men's thought-lives
 The principle question that arises from a reading of &quot;Soul by Soul&quot; by Walter Johnson is why was this book written? It is touted as history, yet not only does it lack any original historical material, it  also lacks any discernable historical facts. Rather than history,  &quot;Soul by Soul&quot; seems to be a mean-spirited, emotional tract  designed to promote two fundamental ideas: 1. that white people living in  the antebellum South were universally loathsome, brutish and cruel and 2.  that black people living in the antebellum South were universally noble,  good and abused. To support his views, Professor Johnson strings together a  loose collection of repetitious snippets from antebellum abolitionist  literature and excerpts from gossipy litigation proceedings. His personal  contribution is represented by his miraculous ability to enter the psyche  of the book's long deceased characters and divine their true, but unspoken,  motives and thoughts. Quite a feat for any historian!      One loses count  of the number of times that the reader is treated to white people using  their &quot;probing fingers&quot; in this book. Fortunately, in between  probes, the reader can be shocked by the &quot;killing fields of the lower  South,&quot; the &quot;historical sexualization of black bodies,&quot; the  &quot;slaveholders' inevitable failure to live through the stolen bodies of  their slaves,&quot; and the &quot;brutish perogatives of whiteness.&quot;  This is heavy, hate-filled stuff worthy of a TV mini-series but it is out  of place in a supposedly serious history text.       I live in a former  slave quarter in New Orleans. In the antebellum period, this building and  its resident slaves were, interestingly enough, owned by a free black who  was financially ruined in 1863 by the Emancipation Proclamation. As an  amateur historian, I would have thought that a book about the New Orleans  slave market would contain some pertinent historical facts about these  markets. What were their addresses? What percentage of their customers were  black? What percentage were white? How many slaves did the typical New  Orleans household have? How were they fed and clothed? What were their  working hours? These are basic questions that should have been addressed  but instead, the reader is given an emotionally charged, repetitious,  boring rehash of tired, previously published material. In short, this book,  for the most part, reads like a rambling, overly long sermon. Anyone  seeking serious scholarship on the subject of slavery would do well to look  elsewhere and should consider reading the &quot;Slave Narratives&quot;  compiled by the Federal Writers Project, &quot;Time on the Cross&quot; by  Robert Fogel and Stanley Engerman and &quot;The Slave Trade&quot; by Hugh  Thomas. The first of these is a collection of interviews of former slaves  performed by the W.P.A. in the 1930's. The latter two works contain  original historical research and both deal with the facts of slavery, not  the emotions
 Sure this book is only for beginner or outsider of Cosulting business. But then, for the price of this book, I would rather buy a much cheaper book but with more useful information and ideas - such as Consulting for Dummies. The book is full of motherhood statements and it is more liked written by a grand mom and she called herself consultant; But come on, Consulting is a highly skillful business that require structural, systematic yet creative thinking. Overall, I think this book is a waste of money for experienced consultant. While for beginner, the reader will risk the wrong impression that it's this easy to win a consulting work - highly unlikely in a complex and competative world
 Another farce to feed irrational hatred with authoritative sounding documentation... If you dig that sort of thing... there are tons out on the market...Unfortunately they don't come with disclaimers. like one would get when reading a book on the occult... People tend to go for books that support their bigoted view, and this is a fine example... it is a lucrative business in the united states to see what is en vogue and write a book of it.... It is a living. When the Da Vinci code was written it was a craze everyone had to write the idiot's guide to the code, how to interpret the code etc etc.... I am not surprised of a book like this and certainly there is no accounting for integrity or lack thereof... people write for years even for the NY times before others discover their plagiarism.... or in this case the secret agenda.... before long we will all be drafted to support capitalistic oligarchies err democracy abroad...
 A biography about a boy - and a very tough and brave one - who was in battle for such a short time he was spared the continuous horror that veteran survivors (or killed and maimed) of Iwo experienced. He saved the wounding or death of the three other members of his fire team in an apparently instinctive and singular act of self sacrifice. By strict definition, this act was deserving of the Medal of Honor. His terribly painful recovery from wounds received is heart wrenching, but the relatively odd sense of personal glory is in sharp contrast with other accounts of Iwo veterans, or any other battle, I have read. The other accounts I have read generally conclude: War is a horrible thing to experience, and not glorious, but "I would do it again.........".The recent books I have read will illustrate this contrast:"GOODBYE, DARKNESS", William Manchester"GOD IS NOT HERE.....", Richard Overton"THE QUIET HERO", Gary W. Toyn"FLAGS OF OUR FATHERS", James Bradley"THE LAST LIEUTENANT", John ShivelyThese men may have entered combat as boys, but they certainly left as men.These men may have entered combat as boys, but they certainly left as men.
 This book states that it's better to die than survive a rape:This book states that it's better to die than survive a rape:"Also far-reaching is the effect of the loss of chastity. Once given or taken or stolen it can never be regained. Even in a forced contact such as rape or incest, the injured one is greatly outraged. If she has not cooperated and contributed to the foul deed, she is of course in a more favorable position. There is no condemnation where there is no voluntary participation. It is better to die in defending one's virtue than to live having lost it without a struggle." (p.196)"Also far-reaching is the effect of the loss of chastity. Once given or taken or stolen it can never be regained. Even in a forced contact such as rape or incest, the injured one is greatly outraged. If she has not cooperated and contributed to the foul deed, she is of course in a more favorable position. There is no condemnation where there is no voluntary participation. It is better to die in defending one's virtue than to live having lost it without a struggle." (p.196)How much more twisted can it get?How much more twisted can it get?
 This story should have and COULD HAVE been really good. It presents a great concept, but the story is just so poorly crafted. It is VERY sexist, the prose is stiff, and the plot is dull. I will concede that it was interesting at times; it kept me reading, but I really didn't get much out of it. I can only praise Heinlein for including the "intelligent conversation" which takes place after the press conference, where there is a great explantion on why the English language is so difficult to learn. The whole story is just very odd. Do read it though. It's a title to read if you wish to be considered "well read." Despite its faults, Valentine Michael Smith will be a character in literature that will never be forgotten, just as we will never forget Atticus from "To Kill A Mockingbird."
 Sometime ago I read my Sunday paper and noted that "Three Junes" was listed as a popular book choice.  The title sounded interesting so I bought it.  That was 2 months ago and I am still trying to get through the paperback edition.  It is difficult to follow the timeline, to understand the characters and where they fit, and to get involved in the storyline.  I will finish the book because that's my style.  It has not been a book that I could not wait to get back to.
 Sadly this second book left me unsatisfied. For one, Wouk's misgivings in the first book were well exaggerated in the second. Of course, once one has read through the first book, its hard to stop. Yet, by the end of War and Remembrance I was thoroughly sick and annoyed by Wouk's characters. It's hard to relate to super humans, who constantly do super human feats. Most of the characters in the book come from superior stock, graduate from the top universities, have extremely good looks, and seem to harbour traits that make superman look normal and mundane.Sadly this second book left me unsatisfied. For one, Wouk's misgivings in the first book were well exaggerated in the second. Of course, once one has read through the first book, its hard to stop. Yet, by the end of War and Remembrance I was thoroughly sick and annoyed by Wouk's characters. It's hard to relate to super humans, who constantly do super human feats. Most of the characters in the book come from superior stock, graduate from the top universities, have extremely good looks, and seem to harbour traits that make superman look normal and mundane.I guess after spending endless hours reading the book I am somewhat frustrated. Perhaps you will be like me, and by the second book without pausing. But, for the sake of saving some time, I recommend you consider parting with the characters in book one. Don't make the mistake of buying book two just because book one was so good.         
 The book was fun but the fact that it is too long overshadowed all this fun. I got the impression it was rather written to become a movie. All I can say is that thanks to C.Bushnell for 'Sex and the City'.
 I'm sorry to say, this work will not rate very highly on my scale. I'm sorry to say, this work will not rate very highly on my scale. The author is brilliant, not to mention right on the things he says. It's just that the writer's style is so abstract and nebulous that he's absolutely maddening to try and follow. One moment, he'll be talking about how religion evolved, and the next he jumps to an illustration that takes half a page and uses language that is so illusive you ask, "What in the world is he saying now?" I got so excited in the first chapter while things made sense, and then noticed how he drifted here and there, making good points and then totally abandoning them. The author is brilliant, not to mention right on the things he says. It's just that the writer's style is so abstract and nebulous that he's absolutely maddening to try and follow. One moment, he'll be talking about how religion evolved, and the next he jumps to an illustration that takes half a page and uses language that is so illusive you ask, "What in the world is he saying now?" I got so excited in the first chapter while things made sense, and then noticed how he drifted here and there, making good points and then totally abandoning them. I bought this book three years ago and just recently finished reading it because I had to keep going out of my way to put it down and come back to it!! It never seemed to get better. I gleaned a few good points and enjoyed it...well...sort of, but the author is so unclear at times that it drives you nuts - and this is coming from an atheist who agrees with the philosophical position of the author!I bought this book three years ago and just recently finished reading it because I had to keep going out of my way to put it down and come back to it!! It never seemed to get better. I gleaned a few good points and enjoyed it...well...sort of, but the author is so unclear at times that it drives you nuts - and this is coming from an atheist who agrees with the philosophical position of the author!Overall, I really cannot recommend it unless you are a VERY slow, contemplative reader who doesn't mind an unorthodox read. Other than that, the book is packed with some good info. I just wish I could have gotten to it more easily.Overall, I really cannot recommend it unless you are a VERY slow, contemplative reader who doesn't mind an unorthodox read. Other than that, the book is packed with some good info. I just wish I could have gotten to it more easily.(JH)(JH)www.ministerturnsatheist.or
  Miniter takes advantage of the American ideological divide by cashing in with controversal editorials of hyperbole.   Maybe he could get together for a book with Ann Coulter
 Like everyone of you, I am crazy about my toddler.  I got this book and the book of Wendy S. Masi' Toddlers Play.  The comarison: day and night. Kuffners book might have 365 activities, but it really bad organized.  I am a first time parent, so I need some help/guidance; thsi is why I baught this bbok.  Like everyone of you, I am crazy about my toddler.  I got this book and the book of Wendy S. Masi' Toddlers Play.  The comarison: day and night. Kuffners book might have 365 activities, but it really bad organized.  I am a first time parent, so I need some help/guidance; thsi is why I baught this bbok.  There is nothing to guide me on which activity is for what age group, so I don't know if an activity is for 18 months or 24 or 12 months- ie amI challenging my toddler, am I boring him or amI providing him with the right fun activity for his age??? Some of the activities are too obvious- it seems like the author wrote down anything she could think of just to fill in 365 activities in the bookl and there is you see the author's luck of creativity and/or knowledge of the subject.  Also the descriptiosn are very brief with limited illustrations.There is nothing to guide me on which activity is for what age group, so I don't know if an activity is for 18 months or 24 or 12 months- ie amI challenging my toddler, am I boring him or amI providing him with the right fun activity for his age??? Some of the activities are too obvious- it seems like the author wrote down anything she could think of just to fill in 365 activities in the bookl and there is you see the author's luck of creativity and/or knowledge of the subject.  Also the descriptiosn are very brief with limited illustrations.I really don't understand why anyone will give 5 stars to this book.  I don't care about the money I spent for the book.  I care that I ended up with something that I can not really use to provide my toddler with fun.  For that reason I strongly recommend the othe rbook (Wendy S. Masi's book).  Yes it has 100 instea dof 365 activities, but it is colorfull, easy and pleasant to read and each activity is marked by an ege indicator.  Look at the 'look inside' of both these books and you will see what I mean.I really don't understand why anyone will give 5 stars to this book.  I don't care about the money I spent for the book.  I care that I ended up with something that I can not really use to provide my toddler with fun.  For that reason I strongly recommend the othe rbook (Wendy S. Masi's book).  Yes it has 100 instea dof 365 activities, but it is colorfull, easy and pleasant to read and each activity is marked by an ege indicator.  Look at the 'look inside' of both these books and you will see what I mean.Good luck + have lost of fun with your toddler(s)!!  
 Without question a book is needed to address the origin and history of late night television and Steve Allen's pivitol role it. Sadly Ben Alba's "Inventing Late Night: Steve Allen and the Original "Tonight Show'', is not that book. It is, largely, a poorly edited and self-contradicting pastiche of previously published memoirs by Allen himself combined with some excellent interviews with Allen's TV contemporaries. These interviews could form the basis of an excellent book by the likes of biographers Scott Berg (Sam Goldwin) or Neal Gabler (Walter Winchle).The opening chapter, which addresses Allen's dysfuntional up-bring, education and his early days in radio and TV sets the stage for the author's failure to create a full-blooded, well-rounded analytical portrait of Allen and his work. Alba draws here, almost exclusively and certainly uncritically, from Allen's memiors while combining these words with one quote from a childhood friend and two early reviews. Taking Allen and the reader's one independent witness at face value, Allen had a rootless, violent and unstable childhood. Given these negative conditions Alba gives  no hint of how, why or even if, Allen really remained attached to his drunken and generally unstable mother and her equally troubled extended family. The author gives us two brief stories from Allen's adulthood to demonstarte that the family ties endured. Actually, all the stories show is that Allen attended an uncle's funeral and very briefly troted his mother out once on his Sunday night show. How did this dysfunctional world of Allen's youth effect his two marriages and five sons? Why, after a childhood on the fringes of a perlious show business existance did Allen choose this same career field for himself? Alba doesn't even pose such questions about the boy's effects on the man. He just plows ahead in a haliographic haze. Throughout "Inventing..." Alba maintains this pattern of unquestioning acceptance Allen's words. No other witnesses are called, no other points of view are examined. Steve tells a story; Alba accepts it and edits it into his text. Why not read Allen straight?
 It truly is the best war fiction regarding WWII if you have never read ANY other fiction regarding WWII. I love war fiction and non-fiction and beside parroting the Time Magazine blurb prominently displayed in the novel I can not even come close to understanding why anyone, let alone review after review, would even come close to that stupefying conclusion. To me it is the best example of intellectual snobbery that critics like to pat themselves on the back with. Only they understand and you lesser intellects are not capable of appreciating. What it is, is a bloated, narcisstic, misogynistic waste of time. It truly is the best war fiction regarding WWII if you have never read ANY other fiction regarding WWII. I love war fiction and non-fiction and beside parroting the Time Magazine blurb prominently displayed in the novel I can not even come close to understanding why anyone, let alone review after review, would even come close to that stupefying conclusion. To me it is the best example of intellectual snobbery that critics like to pat themselves on the back with. Only they understand and you lesser intellects are not capable of appreciating. What it is, is a bloated, narcisstic, misogynistic waste of time. Of course any piece of literature is subjective, but to me, this critically acclaimed work fails on every level that a novel should, regardless of genre. Unless you love James Joyce (another bad writer lorded over us by the critically elite), I think most readers expect some sort of plot development. Don't expect that here. How about engaging characters that develop and grow throughout the novel? You better pick up something else.  It seems to me the reader should at least be invested in one of the character's outcome. Far too pedestrian a thought if you "get" this art. If I can't have any of that how about writing a character that is even remotely likable? Forget it non-ivy leaguer! I was rooting for the Japanese to kill them all, so at least their "loved" ones at home would be spared of these nearly universally despicable human beings. The only thing that propelled me to finish was to get to the ending that would perhaps tie together the painful experience of reading these soldier's hateful ruminations while, oh by the way, a war was being fought around them. Nope, no big ending either. It just ends. Of course any piece of literature is subjective, but to me, this critically acclaimed work fails on every level that a novel should, regardless of genre. Unless you love James Joyce (another bad writer lorded over us by the critically elite), I think most readers expect some sort of plot development. Don't expect that here. How about engaging characters that develop and grow throughout the novel? You better pick up something else.  It seems to me the reader should at least be invested in one of the character's outcome. Far too pedestrian a thought if you "get" this art. If I can't have any of that how about writing a character that is even remotely likable? Forget it non-ivy leaguer! I was rooting for the Japanese to kill them all, so at least their "loved" ones at home would be spared of these nearly universally despicable human beings. The only thing that propelled me to finish was to get to the ending that would perhaps tie together the painful experience of reading these soldier's hateful ruminations while, oh by the way, a war was being fought around them. Nope, no big ending either. It just ends. Yes, I have heard that the plodding ugliness and pointlessness of the entire book is to symbolize war itself. Give me a break. While this may be bad news for us common folk duped into reading it, it certainly is good news for Tom Clancy. His last two decades of literature are just misunderstood genius depicting the banality of human existence and not bad writing at all.
 I enjoy food but most of the recipes in this book are things I wouldn't eat in the first place
 Communism is one of the most evil ideologies in human history, responsible for the extermination of 100+ million people. This book (which started it all) holds at least much of the blame. Communists were and still are a threat to the free world, and communism is a slave system. Some "intellectuals" actually support the tired mantras of Marx's philosophy, whether because they are insincere or simply pedants who haven't seen enough sunlight, I don't know. In any case, if they ever step foot in the real world they would take note that communism denies private property, and is totalitarian and slave-driving (the government owns everything, including you). And the deaths caused by communism are hardly necessary to bring up. Pol Pot, Mao, Stalin (of course), etc etc...who are these people kidding
 Not sure this is the book to study for the PMP. Agree that its missing the tools techniques and concepts but he made it clear up front he was not going into it. Also, the intergration knowledge area is missing. I think if he went into the format of the exam , it would really serve its purpose better.Not sure this is the book to study for the PMP. Agree that its missing the tools techniques and concepts but he made it clear up front he was not going into it. Also, the intergration knowledge area is missing. I think if he went into the format of the exam , it would really serve its purpose better.Read this after you have read the PMBOK and another REAL PMP EXAM prep book! This is great to read the day before for leisure with no pressure
 This book irritated me on many levels; not that the writing was poor or the plot weak. In fact, the plot, the premise, the writing were good--unfortunately the characters didn't pull it off or keep me interested because they were all kinda indifferent or unlikable.This book irritated me on many levels; not that the writing was poor or the plot weak. In fact, the plot, the premise, the writing were good--unfortunately the characters didn't pull it off or keep me interested because they were all kinda indifferent or unlikable.I read somewhere the number one reason people keep reading a work of fiction--regardless of plot--is because they care about someone in the book. I read somewhere the number one reason people keep reading a work of fiction--regardless of plot--is because they care about someone in the book. In this book, I was hoping they would all drown by the end of the story... 
 This book is not for someone who just wants to pick up enough French to get them through a trip unless they have a good ear and memory.  I found "French in 10 Minutes a Day" much better as you must write what you learn in a workbook
 I can't remember the last time I failed to finish reading a novel.  I abandoned this one with 100 pages to go.  With another implausible plot twist, I've had enough.  I can't remember the last time I failed to finish reading a novel.  I abandoned this one with 100 pages to go.  With another implausible plot twist, I've had enough.  Maybe I've been spoiled by the quality of character driven fiction from George Pelecanos, James Lee Burke, Robert B parker, James Sallis, Scott Phillips, and Robert Crais but I suspect that this is not just a failure to connect with the characters and more to do with poor writing.Maybe I've been spoiled by the quality of character driven fiction from George Pelecanos, James Lee Burke, Robert B parker, James Sallis, Scott Phillips, and Robert Crais but I suspect that this is not just a failure to connect with the characters and more to do with poor writing.I've read quite a number of Deaver's novels and enjoyed the complex plots and the exploration of psychologically/psyciatrically devient chbaracters, but this is just over the top.  When I came to the chapter that excplained how the magician faked his death while in custody, that was enough.  I've read quite a number of Deaver's novels and enjoyed the complex plots and the exploration of psychologically/psyciatrically devient chbaracters, but this is just over the top.  When I came to the chapter that excplained how the magician faked his death while in custody, that was enough.  I have another fifty novels lined up waiting to be read and I'll be damned if I'm going to waste any more time on this poor one.  For that matter, after six or so Lincoln Rhyme novels, I can't say that I really know or care anything about Lincoln or Saches
 I have been a huge fan of Dean Koontz for years, ever since my mom got me to read Watchers.  But this story is just way too slow.  Just when I thought it was going to grab my attention and start off for the rollar coaster ride....it would slow way down again.  I almost put it down halfway through the book, but I kept pushing along thinking that it would get better just around the corner.  About 2/3rds of the way through it got a little bit more entertaining....but I just felt like something was missing most of the time I was reading.  I just couldn't get into the characters.  I wouldn't recommend this book to any first time Dean Koontz reader because it would most likely turn you off....don't judge his work by this novel. 
 If you are interested in learning about the *actual* science of food, but don't want to learn any science, at least read a book by someone who *did* learn it.  There is so much grossly erroneous information in this book that he discredits himself entirely.  "Oil is more dense than water-- and that's why it can be heated to higher temperatures than 212".  As a chemist and formulator I can assure you that nearly all oil is lighter than water, and even if it weren't that's *not* the reason it has a higher boiling point.  Ever make oil & vinegar salad dressing?  Ever seen crude oil on the ocean?  How about the funk on top of old greasy dish water?  Folks, oil floats on water... and the earth is not flat.  Either this guy is a complete moron, or he is a very clever con artist.  Either way, save your money... and buy that blind Amish author's book "Semiconductor Microengineering for Dummies" instead.  It's better researched
 I was drawn to this book by the promise of experiencing or gaining familiarity with a new part of Paris, a city I have visited often.  The book fell far short of that.  It left me disappointed and longing for what I had missed.  It was difficult to connect with or enter into the story primarily  because the author failed to portray a personal intimacy with the subject. As an example, she tells us that moving within Paris was a bigger event than imagined but the description lacked emotional depth. Where were her feelings, little experiences, failings, successes, reactions. Overall, the author proved she has knowledge but does not know how to share it.  
 $24.95 is way too expensive for a book that is only 100 pages.  Other than that the content in the book is good
 Normally I don't take the time to write a review, but this book just bugged me.  When I finished I felt like I had run a marathon.  The book was just too drawn out and I felt the descriptions were long winded.  Faith was a little too unbelieveable even though she was abused and had little self esteem.  The plot was good, but moved slowly.  I am typically not drawn to Danielle Steel books and probably with good reason that I never seem to like them very much.  I am glad that this book was in a box of 30+ books that I paid $15 for at a used book store.  I would have felt like I wasted my money had I actually paid full price for it
 The companion web site mentioned in the book is not there. When I typed in that URL, I got redirected to Peachpit's advertising site of this book, but no "links", "tools", nor "examples" mentioned in the book at all!
 Between the "Glamour Shots & Easy Sex, Different Babys' Daddys" What else is there? Oh yeah, the many scripture quotes & abortion info.  Dont forget unprotected sex with every man she dates. Dont forget letting a strange man pick your daughter up from school. Poor Amber!This gave me insight alright, on how dysfunctional Amber Frey is.Shame on her for using Laci's photo!   I hope that she spends her profits on much needed therapy & a Tubal Ligation!  
 I absolutely love Janet Evanovich and the Stephanie Plum series, so when I saw this new series of books with her name on it, I grabbed them up.  I couldn't even finish reading this book.  It was so bad.  The whole talking car concept was, frankly, just stupid.  This was like watching an episode of Knight Rider, but without David Hasselhoff.  The characters are flat, and the dialogue is stilted and contrived.  I can only believe that Charlotte Hughes did most of the writing, and why on earth would Evanovich attach her name to this?  Needless to say, I will not be reading the rest of the series.  Spend your money on something worth reading
 Don't sell it to one country on microfilm for a lot of money, sell it to everybody in hard cover for ~$20.00 a pop.   Somebody is going to have to explain to me the difference between what Risen has done here, and what the Walkers were imprisoned for.Don't sell it to one country on microfilm for a lot of money, sell it to everybody in hard cover for ~$20.00 a pop.   Somebody is going to have to explain to me the difference between what Risen has done here, and what the Walkers were imprisoned for.Imagine a WWII era reporter, during the war, giving away that the Allies had broken the Kreigsmarine Enigma code in order to challenge how much money was spent doing it; or how we used false signals to test Japanese intentions in the run-up to Midway just to question whether we correctly evaluated the information; or disclosed the exact D-day landing beaches in a vain attempt to substitute their own "expert" opinion.  Imagine a WWII era reporter, during the war, giving away that the Allies had broken the Kreigsmarine Enigma code in order to challenge how much money was spent doing it; or how we used false signals to test Japanese intentions in the run-up to Midway just to question whether we correctly evaluated the information; or disclosed the exact D-day landing beaches in a vain attempt to substitute their own "expert" opinion.  James Risen's product is the same thing, only with a snarkier Monday-morning-quarterback vibe.  And when hindsight is your only insight, you know you're in trouble.  It's easy to figure out who had it right on intelligence issues a few years down the line, even easier to find the "I-told-you-so heroes" eager to tell their tales of cassandrian victimization.   And that's really all State of War does.  It collects a pile of disconnected (often single-sourced and anonymous) anecdotes, and fleshes them out.  The more interesting the story, the more questionably it's sourced, and the fuller its fleshed.  In the end, it's a bloated yet vacuous work that discloses sensitive specifics in order to illustrate a few widely known and obvious generalities, those being:James Risen's product is the same thing, only with a snarkier Monday-morning-quarterback vibe.  And when hindsight is your only insight, you know you're in trouble.  It's easy to figure out who had it right on intelligence issues a few years down the line, even easier to find the "I-told-you-so heroes" eager to tell their tales of cassandrian victimization.   And that's really all State of War does.  It collects a pile of disconnected (often single-sourced and anonymous) anecdotes, and fleshes them out.  The more interesting the story, the more questionably it's sourced, and the fuller its fleshed.  In the end, it's a bloated yet vacuous work that discloses sensitive specifics in order to illustrate a few widely known and obvious generalities, those being:      Intelligence gathering isn't perfect.        Mistakes are often made.        Present laws do not keep up with technology.        (Just in case you didn't know that already)       (Just in case you didn't know that already) If you're hoping for an across the board Bush slam, think twice.  There's info on botched Clinton-era operations as well (one of which transferred nuclear weapons technology to one of our favorite Mid-East regimes), but again, why?  What's worse, the specifics in the book have given terrorists valuable intelligence without giving anyone else anything usable (Unless cocktail party whining is a "use").  In the wake of this book and the politically-motivated NY Times story, the bad guys have already started altering how they do their communications.  Great news for American civilians and military members alike.   If you're hoping for an across the board Bush slam, think twice.  There's info on botched Clinton-era operations as well (one of which transferred nuclear weapons technology to one of our favorite Mid-East regimes), but again, why?  What's worse, the specifics in the book have given terrorists valuable intelligence without giving anyone else anything usable (Unless cocktail party whining is a "use").  In the wake of this book and the politically-motivated NY Times story, the bad guys have already started altering how they do their communications.  Great news for American civilians and military members alike.   This book might have a place 10-20 years down the line.  But as it stands, during an active shooting war, a valuable, effective, and completely legal intelligence gathering tool (a tool Clinton used with "0" congressional oversight) is revealed and disabled so that James Risen can buy a boat.  Another triumph of American journalism!
 I ordered this book through a bookclub and returned it.  It was terrible!  Tanya Holland is a beautiful Black woman, but I feel has gone too far out of the way to create "innovative and different" recipes so much that they are not appealing and certainly should not be categorized as soul food.  The price is outrageous for the handful of recipes that were chosen for this cookbook.  I collect african american/soul food cookbooks among others.  If you are really into soul food cookbooks and what they really represent, your money would be better spent on "Essence Brings you Great Cooking" by Jonell Nash, "The Ebony Cookbook" by Freida DeKnight or "The Black Family Reunion Cookbook" by the The National Council of Negro Women.  If you are interested in healthier soul food try, "The New Ebony Cookbook" by Charlotte Lyons or "The Family Dinner Quilt Cookbook" by The National Council of Negro Women.  If you are interested in diverse, cultural flavors, I would recommend Vertamae Grosvenor's cookbooks or "Iron Pots and Wooden Spoons" by Jessica B. Harris.  I have collected over 50 african american soul food cookbooks.  They cover the gamut.  That is why I can give an honest opinion on Tanya Holland's book.  I just wish that she would publish an african american cookbook that the average African American can relate to.  One that would be useful to families in their everyday cooking. 
 I've always been a big believer in "attack the message" (if you don't agree), don't attack the messenger.  The reverse has been almost standard practice of the Left when they can't refute the truth, facts and common sense of conservatives.  Which is close to 100% of the time. I've always been a big believer in "attack the message" (if you don't agree), don't attack the messenger.  The reverse has been almost standard practice of the Left when they can't refute the truth, facts and common sense of conservatives.  Which is close to 100% of the time. So I have to be very careful not to copy the Left when I write as a fifth generation Kansan and having lived all of my life, thus far, in the same "upper-middle class" suburb Mr. Frank seems to so despise in his first and only book.   But his book was so filled with errors, personal opinions disguised as facts and mislabeling of events, people and general culture, as to make it a book of fiction; not one of fact. So I have to be very careful not to copy the Left when I write as a fifth generation Kansan and having lived all of my life, thus far, in the same "upper-middle class" suburb Mr. Frank seems to so despise in his first and only book.   But his book was so filled with errors, personal opinions disguised as facts and mislabeling of events, people and general culture, as to make it a book of fiction; not one of fact. He stated himself he had every advantage presented to him early in life but he chose not to take advantage of them.  He relishes being a victim and seems to mostly be upset that he wasn't born into a poor family of migrant laborers.  Perhaps born as Ms. Condoleezza Rice?  She is certainly a good example of someone held down by evil conservatives and not permitted to excel in life (not).  Living in, and exposed to, the surroundings of his childhood, it appears to me his life's goal was to become a professional victim and a loser in life where the deck is stacked against you from birth.   He's, so far, at least succeeding in that!   Being an accomplished loser.   What a goal! He stated himself he had every advantage presented to him early in life but he chose not to take advantage of them.  He relishes being a victim and seems to mostly be upset that he wasn't born into a poor family of migrant laborers.  Perhaps born as Ms. Condoleezza Rice?  She is certainly a good example of someone held down by evil conservatives and not permitted to excel in life (not).  Living in, and exposed to, the surroundings of his childhood, it appears to me his life's goal was to become a professional victim and a loser in life where the deck is stacked against you from birth.   He's, so far, at least succeeding in that!   Being an accomplished loser.   What a goal! His only "accomplishment" was the writing of one book that could only be believed as fact by disciples of The DailyKOS.   His only "accomplishment" was the writing of one book that could only be believed as fact by disciples of The DailyKOS.   Having written his fictional book of what life is NOT like in Johnson County, Kansas and how he was stopped cold at every turn of life's losing lottery, he really has nothing else to say.   Perhaps he can now survive as an invention of the Left writing the same type of fiction over and over (as he just did for the NY Times).  He must be a very unhappy person.  It seems most liberals are.  How sad.  The only real obstacle they have in life is seen in their mirror each morning.  That's it no matter how much they deny reality. Having written his fictional book of what life is NOT like in Johnson County, Kansas and how he was stopped cold at every turn of life's losing lottery, he really has nothing else to say.   Perhaps he can now survive as an invention of the Left writing the same type of fiction over and over (as he just did for the NY Times).  He must be a very unhappy person.  It seems most liberals are.  How sad.  The only real obstacle they have in life is seen in their mirror each morning.  That's it no matter how much they deny reality. He seems like an intelligent young man who had everything going for him.  What a waste of talent.   Now, he's just another "victim" doing his best to convince everyone else they too should just give up as they can't win in life no matter how hard they try.  As I intimated, I'm sure glad Condoleezza Rice ignored people like him!  I just wish people like him were fewer in number and that more ignored their delusional vision of reality.He seems like an intelligent young man who had everything going for him.  What a waste of talent.   Now, he's just another "victim" doing his best to convince everyone else they too should just give up as they can't win in life no matter how hard they try.  As I intimated, I'm sure glad Condoleezza Rice ignored people like him!  I just wish people like him were fewer in number and that more ignored their delusional vision of reality.Checking in from Kansas, he is a "one book wonder".  
 I recently read this as part of a survey of childrens' literature about the Medieval period. Let me say first, that the dialogue is completely modernized, with not even a complex word to redeem it. I know this is because the original is supposedly in dialect, but please, our children are more sophisticated than that. Adam is self-involved, careless, and annoyingly stupid. Despite it's touted 320 pages, this could have been printed in 150, and contained much the same material. The only thing that redeems this novel from being totally forgettable is the snatches of Latin and Old English ballads scattered throughout. If you want your children to have a much clearer understanding of the times, with a book focussed more on character than on plot or modern accessability, have them read Song of the Gargoyle. It's also about a boy who loses his father, and has to search for him, in the company of a dog-like being, but has ten times the depth and realism of this piece of trash. The boy is also a minstrel, of sorts, but he has more likable qualities than Adam, as well as more adventures in less pages. The ending is a happy one, but it involves a twist, which isn't at all forseeable, as theat in Adam of the Road. Please, just skip this, I don't care if it won a Newberry Award, and read Song of the Gargoyle, by Zylpha Keatly Snider
 Early on the author tells how he proved to concept of "learned helplessness" through his experiments where he administered electric shocks on caged dogs until they gave up and just lay there and whimpered.Early on the author tells how he proved to concept of "learned helplessness" through his experiments where he administered electric shocks on caged dogs until they gave up and just lay there and whimpered.I threw the book away at that point.  This "scientist" shouldn't be rewarded for his senseless cruelty that proves nothing.  We don't support your science, Herr Doctor Seligman!I threw the book away at that point.  This "scientist" shouldn't be rewarded for his senseless cruelty that proves nothing.  We don't support your science, Herr Doctor Seligman!Get the book from a library if you must, but don't reward him for his "experiments."  It could have been your dog this moral idiot experimented on
 My all time favorite book is Deavers THE BLUE NOWHERE and The Testament by another author.  I think this book is on the bottom of my list.  It was a combo term paper and novel.  I wonder where the editor of this book is.  Where was he/she?  It read like it was written by two different people and a poor editor combined them.  My all time favorite book is Deavers THE BLUE NOWHERE and The Testament by another author.  I think this book is on the bottom of my list.  It was a combo term paper and novel.  I wonder where the editor of this book is.  Where was he/she?  It read like it was written by two different people and a poor editor combined them.  Don't worry Jeff, I'll still buy your next book...I've bought them all but please ...get a second opinion about your editor. I good editor wouldn't have let it go out in this shape.
 Well in my opinion, there is no longer any doubt that some things appear to be flying in our skies, and some people have had some unusual experiences (mostly disturbing, but some apparrently enlightening), but the question is, is it all as it seems?  The fact of the matter is, various military branches from around the globe have real hardware that could easily fool us.  Holographic projections can and are used to place images within our skys (this is related to controversial theories surrounding the 911 events); there are devices that can manipulate brain waves and neuronal excitation to have people hallucinate any scenario; advanced, drug manipulated hypnotic techniques can control memories and behaviour; implants have been around for decades and have even gone mainstream now (Verichip).  I'm not saying that other lifeforms don't exist in the Universe (far from it), and perhaps there are a number of entities here on Earth carrying out agendas, but this idea that there are little, menacing Greys abducting us for various sinister reasons without immense COLLUSION seems suspect.  It smells of classic fear mongering that the elite love to push on us.  Historically, there's been the Barbarians, Huns, Mongols,  Pagans, Jews, Christians, Vikings, black Natives, Cannabals, red Natives, Mexicans, Germans, Nazis, Communists, now the Arabs and the next logical conclusion is some evil force off planet because they have used all the boogey men on Earth.  Even President Reagan set us up for this scenario in an infamous speech in the late 80's.  The fact is that with known technology (not including whatever they may have that has not been leaked), they could quite easily pull the hoax off.  Even genetic manipulation and cloning is much further advanced and PRACTICED (albeit "underground") than most people can fathom.  What has become another fact is the major extent to which the UFO community has been infiltrated and compromised, of which Strieber has been front and centre at various times.  My belief is that Strieber is part of this fear mongering campaign, sponsored by the elite and carried out by various military and government groups.  In this book, his "hard-evidence" is flimsey and suspicious.  For example, why wouldn't super advanced Aliens using implants design them such that they are entirely organic and of shapes that mimic human tissue (thus not showing up on any X-ray, MRI, CT, etc)?  And design them such that they quickly break down when removed from the body?  Surely, this would be child's play for Alien scientists?  Why no major discussion or mention of the human military, or NAZI connection with abductions?  There seems to be a growing number of victims who are recalling strange "fragments" of memories that are slipping through various memory covers.  Why are they mentioning cooperation of human doctors and nurses with the Greys?  Why are they mentioning swastikas and other known military insignias on uniforms?  Why are some speaking English, others German?  Why is there a connection with deep, underground bases and specifically Antartica?  These are things Strieber never mentions, which I find curious.  My point is, things are happening, but it has become nearly impossible to ascertain what, and Strieber's books seem to cloud the issues and possibly even advance certain agendas.      
 John R. Barry (another Digital Communications textbook author) first introduced me to this text.  And Mr. Barry, as with many com. theory persons I've met since (GTRI in Atlanta, GA; MITRE along around the Boston area of MA; Northrup in El Segundo, CA; Intersil in Palm Bay/Melbourne, FL) actually use this book to justify their values and beliefs.  Essentially, it's their Bible.  The only problem is that the values and beliefs in Proakis, especially from an engineering perspective, are very third rate.  Trying to use this text in a classroom situation, especially with a third rate engineer as an instructor, is an utter disaster from both an economic and an engineering perspective.John R. Barry (another Digital Communications textbook author) first introduced me to this text.  And Mr. Barry, as with many com. theory persons I've met since (GTRI in Atlanta, GA; MITRE along around the Boston area of MA; Northrup in El Segundo, CA; Intersil in Palm Bay/Melbourne, FL) actually use this book to justify their values and beliefs.  Essentially, it's their Bible.  The only problem is that the values and beliefs in Proakis, especially from an engineering perspective, are very third rate.  Trying to use this text in a classroom situation, especially with a third rate engineer as an instructor, is an utter disaster from both an economic and an engineering perspective.John R. Barry, for example, is a very good baby-sitter and a so-so mathematician (he couldn't be otherwise as a faculty member of Georgia Tech).  But as an engineer, John R. Barry, as with the other followers of Proakis, compares very unfavorably (in fact, I don't consider Barry an engineer; I consider him a phony that should be removed from the ECE faculty of GATECH; the department's economic fortunes would be far better if he were moved into some kind of adjunct English/Mathematics Faculty or just shipped off to some research laboratory without any students to harm [i.e., vampirically mind f--k them and then kindly provide them with werewolfic deliverance (yes, I mean along the lines of the 1972 movie with Jon Voight [Angelina Jolie's Dad] and Burt Reynolds)]...any place where truth/reality aren't so important).  There are far, far better communications engineers out there than John R. Barry [infinitely better to be precise].  And what makes these others better [others meaning real engineers; John R. Barry being a make-believe "engineer"] is not mathematical ability, memorized knowledge, or even rhetorical shrewdness, but rather the difference lies in a faith of facts; something a follower of Proakis never seems to possess or even grasp the possibility.  John R. Barry, for example, is a very good baby-sitter and a so-so mathematician (he couldn't be otherwise as a faculty member of Georgia Tech).  But as an engineer, John R. Barry, as with the other followers of Proakis, compares very unfavorably (in fact, I don't consider Barry an engineer; I consider him a phony that should be removed from the ECE faculty of GATECH; the department's economic fortunes would be far better if he were moved into some kind of adjunct English/Mathematics Faculty or just shipped off to some research laboratory without any students to harm [i.e., vampirically mind f--k them and then kindly provide them with werewolfic deliverance (yes, I mean along the lines of the 1972 movie with Jon Voight [Angelina Jolie's Dad] and Burt Reynolds)]...any place where truth/reality aren't so important).  There are far, far better communications engineers out there than John R. Barry [infinitely better to be precise].  And what makes these others better [others meaning real engineers; John R. Barry being a make-believe "engineer"] is not mathematical ability, memorized knowledge, or even rhetorical shrewdness, but rather the difference lies in a faith of facts; something a follower of Proakis never seems to possess or even grasp the possibility.  In fact, the values and beliefs in the Proakis text seem to promulgate not only  Intellectual Abuse, but also a Spiritual sort as well. In a nation (where Steven Pinker, who like Proakis is of Harvard Fame, has noted) that has around 75% of its population esentially believing in the biblical/torah-related account of things, this kind of Spiritual abuse can be very dangerous indeed and lead to serious consequences.  Though it may not be intentional, nevertheless, the values and beliefs of Proakis's text and those of its instructors tend to be extremely spiritually abusive.  These values and these beliefs somehow set up a massive cognative dissonance with many student's own biblical/torah-related values and beliefs.  The result is almost always a broken-spirit.  From an economic perspective, this is bad. Very bad. And it should be stopped by no longer using this text or any like it.In fact, the values and beliefs in the Proakis text seem to promulgate not only  Intellectual Abuse, but also a Spiritual sort as well. In a nation (where Steven Pinker, who like Proakis is of Harvard Fame, has noted) that has around 75% of its population esentially believing in the biblical/torah-related account of things, this kind of Spiritual abuse can be very dangerous indeed and lead to serious consequences.  Though it may not be intentional, nevertheless, the values and beliefs of Proakis's text and those of its instructors tend to be extremely spiritually abusive.  These values and these beliefs somehow set up a massive cognative dissonance with many student's own biblical/torah-related values and beliefs.  The result is almost always a broken-spirit.  From an economic perspective, this is bad. Very bad. And it should be stopped by no longer using this text or any like it.Most of the "engineers" now being "developed" by the followers of Proakis (e.g., John R. Barry) are very analogous to Mid 20th Century Carribean medical school "doctors."  They can say, write, and use a lot of terminology making them useful for billing purposes, i.e. writing up invoices to Insurance/Government agencies.  These "engineers" like those "doctors" don't and probably never will understand the essence of their professions, though because of their training or lack thereof they really think they do.  When in fact, they are utterly clueless "professionals.
 i used to follow politics but now i know better. clinton is a hero to poor folk in the US only bc bush is such a nazi, sorry, but clinton did more than any pres in US history to cut welfare to the moms who need it the most! i ain't no fool partisan of a richmans party and i don't like america. and yes i'm born and raised in the US, there is no democracy here, only a moneycracy!!! power to the ppl lets make a real country for the ppl, not the capitalist leech scum!!
 I am supposed to get 16th edition, instead I received 15th edition. The book was completely changed from the previuos editio
 I came to Blowback by way of a year-long research project on  globalization. Over the past year I have read dozens of books, both scholary and popular, on this topic. Right - Left - Love America - Hate America - Multi-Cultural - Eurocentric; I've suffered through them all ( happily, there is as yet no feminist perspective on the subject ). I came to Blowback by way of a year-long research project on  globalization. Over the past year I have read dozens of books, both scholary and popular, on this topic. Right - Left - Love America - Hate America - Multi-Cultural - Eurocentric; I've suffered through them all ( happily, there is as yet no feminist perspective on the subject ). First let me state that Chalmers Johnson, this regrettable book notwithstanding, is not by profession the village diot. Johnson is a highly respected economic and political analyst, a man who used to be worth listening to.First let me state that Chalmers Johnson, this regrettable book notwithstanding, is not by profession the village diot. Johnson is a highly respected economic and political analyst, a man who used to be worth listening to.What happened?  How did he come to cobble together this breathtakingly unanalytical smorgasborg? Where did the imperialist conspiracy rant come from? Johnson, where did you go?What happened?  How did he come to cobble together this breathtakingly unanalytical smorgasborg? Where did the imperialist conspiracy rant come from? Johnson, where did you go?Well, the easy answer is that he delves into complex areas of which he has no knowledge.  His take on America's military policies is ludicrous.  Anyone who questions why the U.S. Army is still in Korea after 50+ years need only point to Seoul on a map and drag his finger a couple of inches north, where he will discover NORTH KOREA. Of coures once an idealogue veers into unknown territory there is no other path left for him than that of conspiracy.  Conspiracy "theory" is all fine and good for the lazy and uneducated; it's their sanctuary; but for a scholar of Johnson's caliber to go there is incomprehensible. Unti you see what I saw.Well, the easy answer is that he delves into complex areas of which he has no knowledge.  His take on America's military policies is ludicrous.  Anyone who questions why the U.S. Army is still in Korea after 50+ years need only point to Seoul on a map and drag his finger a couple of inches north, where he will discover NORTH KOREA. Of coures once an idealogue veers into unknown territory there is no other path left for him than that of conspiracy.  Conspiracy "theory" is all fine and good for the lazy and uneducated; it's their sanctuary; but for a scholar of Johnson's caliber to go there is incomprehensible. Unti you see what I saw.The professional works that I read on globalization were pretty much uniform in that they addressed one or another facet of free-trade and concluded more-or-less-nothing, all in scholarly language.  For the most part the popular books were  not nominally about globalization at all, although globalization was the only thread holding the books together, and to each other. Brushing aside the fact that most of the authors of the popular group are ageing oddballs from the 60s ( you underestimate the mustard-gas-like effect of that era at your peril ),the only possible reason for these immensely angry, nonsensical books is this: no one fully understands globalization.  No one. Even when you define the thing narrowly it is a cantankerous beast, too young to tame; growing unpredictably every day like the Blob. They're frustrated, these authors.  I can't blame them, but for some reason they must have a scapegoat and the've rounded up the usual suspect, America, as in why does America impose - dominate - ignore, etc. the third world?  Silly question, really. You're at the top of the food chain, what do they expect you to do? When bad things happen you want to be sure they happen to someone else.The professional works that I read on globalization were pretty much uniform in that they addressed one or another facet of free-trade and concluded more-or-less-nothing, all in scholarly language.  For the most part the popular books were  not nominally about globalization at all, although globalization was the only thread holding the books together, and to each other. Brushing aside the fact that most of the authors of the popular group are ageing oddballs from the 60s ( you underestimate the mustard-gas-like effect of that era at your peril ),the only possible reason for these immensely angry, nonsensical books is this: no one fully understands globalization.  No one. Even when you define the thing narrowly it is a cantankerous beast, too young to tame; growing unpredictably every day like the Blob. They're frustrated, these authors.  I can't blame them, but for some reason they must have a scapegoat and the've rounded up the usual suspect, America, as in why does America impose - dominate - ignore, etc. the third world?  Silly question, really. You're at the top of the food chain, what do they expect you to do? When bad things happen you want to be sure they happen to someone else.
 This book is inexplicably influential, probably due to its catchy but ultimately meaningless title. Barber fails to convincingly analyze an interesting thesis, instead delivering an exasperating 300 page-long list of every single thing on Earth that he disagrees with. Barber contends that natural human political behavior results in smaller and smaller ethnic enclaves trying to separate themselves from the larger world, while unchecked global capitalism is erasing ethnic flavor with bowdlerized mass-culture sameness. Interestingly, Barber contends that these two contrary movements are actually in an unholy alliance, using each other's excesses as excuses for their anti-democratic behavior. That is a fascinating thesis, which makes the weaknesses of this book all the more infuriating. This book is inexplicably influential, probably due to its catchy but ultimately meaningless title. Barber fails to convincingly analyze an interesting thesis, instead delivering an exasperating 300 page-long list of every single thing on Earth that he disagrees with. Barber contends that natural human political behavior results in smaller and smaller ethnic enclaves trying to separate themselves from the larger world, while unchecked global capitalism is erasing ethnic flavor with bowdlerized mass-culture sameness. Interestingly, Barber contends that these two contrary movements are actually in an unholy alliance, using each other's excesses as excuses for their anti-democratic behavior. That is a fascinating thesis, which makes the weaknesses of this book all the more infuriating. The first part of the book is an interminable tirade of lists within lists, of cultural trends that Barber disdains, in an avalanche of complaints that is not analytical but merely selective and arbitrary. It's all tied together with attempts at "edgy" pop culture references, made-up terminology (like the annoying "infotainment telesector"), and pseudo-intellectual quotations and namedropping. All is lumped together unconvincingly under the anemic term "McWorld," which is so vague and all-inclusive as to become meaningless. In his never-ending examples of how recent cultural trends are damaging the freedom and intelligence of the masses, Barber merely comes across as a condescending snob who thinks his own interests are superior, or a curmudgeon who thinks everything was better back in the good old days, or both. In the second part of the book, Barber proceeds to throw obtuse political science theories at various world hotspots, in which tribalism and separatism are damaging the integrity of nation-states. His umbrella term for this phenomenon is the dangerously loaded term "Jihad." Note that this book was published back in 1995, so that word was not as prevalent in Western discourse as it is now, but Barber still uses the term as a loose descriptor which is likely to offend both devout Muslims and ardent anti-Islamists.The first part of the book is an interminable tirade of lists within lists, of cultural trends that Barber disdains, in an avalanche of complaints that is not analytical but merely selective and arbitrary. It's all tied together with attempts at "edgy" pop culture references, made-up terminology (like the annoying "infotainment telesector"), and pseudo-intellectual quotations and namedropping. All is lumped together unconvincingly under the anemic term "McWorld," which is so vague and all-inclusive as to become meaningless. In his never-ending examples of how recent cultural trends are damaging the freedom and intelligence of the masses, Barber merely comes across as a condescending snob who thinks his own interests are superior, or a curmudgeon who thinks everything was better back in the good old days, or both. In the second part of the book, Barber proceeds to throw obtuse political science theories at various world hotspots, in which tribalism and separatism are damaging the integrity of nation-states. His umbrella term for this phenomenon is the dangerously loaded term "Jihad." Note that this book was published back in 1995, so that word was not as prevalent in Western discourse as it is now, but Barber still uses the term as a loose descriptor which is likely to offend both devout Muslims and ardent anti-Islamists.When it comes to the specifics, many reviews here and elsewhere list out the numerous flaws in Barber's arguments, and there are so many of them that a lot of reviews are necessary for the task. You can agree or disagree with various critiques of Barber's contentions based on your own personal politics. But everyone will probably conclude that in this book's final section he does not deliver on the ironic implications of his initially intriguing thesis (embodied in the book's title), and simply forwards borrowed theories on civil society and the public sector. Overall, this book is mostly the longwinded grumblings of a nostalgic know-it-all who portentously predicts doom for every single cultural and political reality of the modern world. [~doomsdayer520~
 In today's world, various forms of parochialism have a dialectical relationship with the homogenizing influences of globalizing consumer capitalism. These forms of parochialism may be ethnic, "cultural," religious, nationalistic, etc., depending on where you look. On one hand, ancient forms of identity continue to define in-groups and out-groups; on the other hand, multinational corporations elide these differences as they operate in a wider and wider worldwide marketplace.In today's world, various forms of parochialism have a dialectical relationship with the homogenizing influences of globalizing consumer capitalism. These forms of parochialism may be ethnic, "cultural," religious, nationalistic, etc., depending on where you look. On one hand, ancient forms of identity continue to define in-groups and out-groups; on the other hand, multinational corporations elide these differences as they operate in a wider and wider worldwide marketplace.Example: the Turks and the Armenians hate each other and even partly define themselves by this ancient conflict ("Jihad" is Barber's label for this); yet they see the same Pepsi ads and do the same kinds of work in their local Pepsi bottling plants ("McWorld" is Barber's label for this).Example: the Turks and the Armenians hate each other and even partly define themselves by this ancient conflict ("Jihad" is Barber's label for this); yet they see the same Pepsi ads and do the same kinds of work in their local Pepsi bottling plants ("McWorld" is Barber's label for this).That's the book. That's the book. This might be a useful resource for writers of term papers who need to endnote something fairly obvious. Outside of that, it would take an observer from another planet to find this book's insights novel or pointed. If you're new to planet Earth, by all means pick up a copy. It will catch you up on a few useful truisms.This might be a useful resource for writers of term papers who need to endnote something fairly obvious. Outside of that, it would take an observer from another planet to find this book's insights novel or pointed. If you're new to planet Earth, by all means pick up a copy. It will catch you up on a few useful truisms.As others have pointed out, the "terrorism's challenge to democracy" subtitle seems intended to capitalize on 9/11, but doesn't accurately reflect the book's content. "Jihad" is deployed as a synecdoche in this book; Muslim extremism is just one of the book's many examples of parochialism
 This is a classic circle jerk book that consolidates a number of articles from educators and educational researchers who talk about the same thing, and cite each other or similar data and research.  The authors do write well, so I gave it two stars.  But it has under/overtones of the same old myths in erroneous educational ideology that is actually the malaise killing our educational system - dump more money into schools; teachers are underpaid and overworked; high stakes standardized testing is bad.  Folks might be well advised to pick up a copy of Jay P. Greene's "Educational Myths" to run a little de-tox on the stuff they read here
 This was a comprehensive collection of statistics and War Department strategy notes but it had no life. It gave no feel for the soldier, sailor or marine on the ground.  It was all acronyms and big picture strategy. If you are looking for something less academic and more readable try a different account of the battle. Since this was one of the most gruelling and bloody encounters of the war, the participants should get more ink. Here, the brass get all the attention
 I found the book informative while reading it, but also a bit confusing and a little dry, best used for a college course and not for recreational reading.  (Which is no doubt why we even had it in our house, someone had  to use it and it's equally boring companion for some college course, I'm  certain of it...
 Sure, I had fun reading this book.  But the Amazon reviewer who termed it "highly speculative" is understating the case.  Opinion, conjecture, hearsay, and speculation too often take the place of thorough, solid documentation.  And unlike many other Amazon reviewers, I found McLellan's tone off-putting.  She alternates between patronizing her subjects (the very notion of calling them "my girls," for instance) and setting them up primarily as sources of voyeuristic thrills for the herself and the reader.  Is the book dishy and intriguing and flamboyant?  You bet.  But is the topic of lesbianism in Hollywood well-served here?  I don't think so
 Judging by the long reviews before me, it should be obvious that there is much to say about Calvin's theology.  This book doesn't say too much.  For those familiar with his theology, DON'T buy this book.  It will be a waste of your money.  For those who would like to know more about Calvin's theology, without getting caught in mid 16th century language or too deep into theology, buy this.  If you want a good in depth coverage of Calvin's theology, buy the FULL version and enjoy
 If you just got out of prison or maybe had a spell of amnesia or if your just hitting your 20th or 21st birthday then you may learn some stuff here. If you just got out of prison or maybe had a spell of amnesia or if your just hitting your 20th or 21st birthday then you may learn some stuff here. But if you got yourself online to read this review then I doubt you will find this book much help. There were a few helpful ehows for me in the book though. For example I forgot exactly how to boil an egg. And there it was in the book. A typical type of ehow. But if you got yourself online to read this review then I doubt you will find this book much help. There were a few helpful ehows for me in the book though. For example I forgot exactly how to boil an egg. And there it was in the book. A typical type of ehow. And this book is BIG and HEAVY. with most info ridiculously simple I would say the size to useful ratio is not that desirable.And this book is BIG and HEAVY. with most info ridiculously simple I would say the size to useful ratio is not that desirable.Maybe this would make an ok high school graduation gift but other than that most people should avoid this book. The ehow website is great though and its FREE!.Maybe this would make an ok high school graduation gift but other than that most people should avoid this book. The ehow website is great though and its FREE!.
 in the possibility that Steve Berry could ever transcend his not-so great debut, The Amber Room.  Romanov Prophecy started in the right direction, Third Secret was OK, but I think he hit his *peak* right there.in the possibility that Steve Berry could ever transcend his not-so great debut, The Amber Room.  Romanov Prophecy started in the right direction, Third Secret was OK, but I think he hit his *peak* right there.I really want authors to get better--heck, I hope to write better papers as I go along in college.  But, Steve Berry, sorry.  And for all you people out there who don't like it when people give negative reviews of a book you like, just hang on a second before you give me a big fat NO vote.  I really want authors to get better--heck, I hope to write better papers as I go along in college.  But, Steve Berry, sorry.  And for all you people out there who don't like it when people give negative reviews of a book you like, just hang on a second before you give me a big fat NO vote.  First of all, even though this is fiction, the whole Da Vinci Code genre purports to be based on fact.  Berry always writes his Note at the end to underscore this.  However, if you want the reader to accept your plot, please get some basic facts correct first.  The most annoying one for me, as, ahem, a French major, is the very dramatic chapter closer where they zip off to the "Palais des Popes."  Excuse.  Me.  "Popes"?  Just because the English word looks kind of like the French word "pape" (for pope) doesn't mean you can flippantly swap them!  Eek.  And, btw, this is a real place, so some editor somewhere should have noticed this.  Shame on you, S.B.'s editors.  OK, I'm not saying a novel must contain no anachronisms whatsoever (it IS fiction, after all), but really big, glaring mistakes of geography or history cannot be tolerated.First of all, even though this is fiction, the whole Da Vinci Code genre purports to be based on fact.  Berry always writes his Note at the end to underscore this.  However, if you want the reader to accept your plot, please get some basic facts correct first.  The most annoying one for me, as, ahem, a French major, is the very dramatic chapter closer where they zip off to the "Palais des Popes."  Excuse.  Me.  "Popes"?  Just because the English word looks kind of like the French word "pape" (for pope) doesn't mean you can flippantly swap them!  Eek.  And, btw, this is a real place, so some editor somewhere should have noticed this.  Shame on you, S.B.'s editors.  OK, I'm not saying a novel must contain no anachronisms whatsoever (it IS fiction, after all), but really big, glaring mistakes of geography or history cannot be tolerated.The other main issue I have with this book is the vehement attack on Jesus Christ and the resurrection and the Bible as a whole.  Cotton Malone, our hero, says that the Bible contains hundreds (I'm paraphrasing) glaring inconsistencies.  If I remember correctly, he says that one of the gospels (he picks on Matthew a lot) doesn't place Bethlehem as the place of Jesus' birth.  That one doesn't hold water--I checked Matthew myself.  Says so in ch. 2.  I don't mean to thump the metaphorical Bible, but who is Steve Berry to question the authenticity of the world's #1 bestseller ever?  That's quite audacious ... some would even say blasphemous--but I tread on glass.  The other main issue I have with this book is the vehement attack on Jesus Christ and the resurrection and the Bible as a whole.  Cotton Malone, our hero, says that the Bible contains hundreds (I'm paraphrasing) glaring inconsistencies.  If I remember correctly, he says that one of the gospels (he picks on Matthew a lot) doesn't place Bethlehem as the place of Jesus' birth.  That one doesn't hold water--I checked Matthew myself.  Says so in ch. 2.  I don't mean to thump the metaphorical Bible, but who is Steve Berry to question the authenticity of the world's #1 bestseller ever?  That's quite audacious ... some would even say blasphemous--but I tread on glass.  I really can't go into the terrible character development, or lack thereof, or the wussy Knights Templar.  Yeah, they're big and bad, but Malone seems to bump them off with the greatest of ease.  Some "Knights of Christ" they are.  I really can't go into the terrible character development, or lack thereof, or the wussy Knights Templar.  Yeah, they're big and bad, but Malone seems to bump them off with the greatest of ease.  Some "Knights of Christ" they are.  Well, having alienated most of you, I bid you farewell as I go in search of a more worthy book
 Jesus, talk about the little girl crying "wolf." When I picked up this book, I expected to read a truly terrifying tale about how people got sick with a horrifying disease that no one knew/knows how to deal with. What I got instead was a lot of perseverating and a lot of emotional presumption. Jesus, talk about the little girl crying "wolf." When I picked up this book, I expected to read a truly terrifying tale about how people got sick with a horrifying disease that no one knew/knows how to deal with. What I got instead was a lot of perseverating and a lot of emotional presumption. The book starts out promisingly, even if Preston surrenders freely to flowery prose. We're given the account of Charles Monet, one of the first documented cases of the Ebola virus. From there on, Preston gives a description of the virus, what it does, how it does it - the works. Then, he moves on to the Human Component, the cast of characters, so to speak, for the big story.The book starts out promisingly, even if Preston surrenders freely to flowery prose. We're given the account of Charles Monet, one of the first documented cases of the Ebola virus. From there on, Preston gives a description of the virus, what it does, how it does it - the works. Then, he moves on to the Human Component, the cast of characters, so to speak, for the big story.The big story is, alas, not so impressive. It's a case of an Ebola outbreak amongst a shipment of monkeys that everyone thinks is going to cause awful problems to come about, but nothing of the sort happens. Basically, people run around in bio-hazard gear, fret a lot, and monkeys die. In between, Preston manages to surpass his self-indulgence to talk about other cases of the Ebola virus, cases of people being infected, "crashing and bleeding out," cases that are a lot more interesting than a shipment of monkeys, unless you're a PETA type.The big story is, alas, not so impressive. It's a case of an Ebola outbreak amongst a shipment of monkeys that everyone thinks is going to cause awful problems to come about, but nothing of the sort happens. Basically, people run around in bio-hazard gear, fret a lot, and monkeys die. In between, Preston manages to surpass his self-indulgence to talk about other cases of the Ebola virus, cases of people being infected, "crashing and bleeding out," cases that are a lot more interesting than a shipment of monkeys, unless you're a PETA type.The worst thing about The Hot Zone is just how self-indulgent Preston is. He starts to novelize his subjects a few chapters into the book, which is a noble idea, but not when they don't die at the end. Basically, he's trying to make you care about these people, and all for naught. And by the time that you're supposed to be truly concerned, you actually WANT them to die, because you're tired of hearing about him describe, in active detail, what they eat in the morning, what they do in the afternoon, and how they lie in bed with their spouses at night. When you're addressing a subject as fascinating as a Level 4 virus, why are you spending time talking about Nancy Jaax's hands and karate prowess? Moreover, when you've finally gotten to the monkeys, why are you talking about what kind of monkeys they are and how they dwell in the wild? Does anyone really care?The worst thing about The Hot Zone is just how self-indulgent Preston is. He starts to novelize his subjects a few chapters into the book, which is a noble idea, but not when they don't die at the end. Basically, he's trying to make you care about these people, and all for naught. And by the time that you're supposed to be truly concerned, you actually WANT them to die, because you're tired of hearing about him describe, in active detail, what they eat in the morning, what they do in the afternoon, and how they lie in bed with their spouses at night. When you're addressing a subject as fascinating as a Level 4 virus, why are you spending time talking about Nancy Jaax's hands and karate prowess? Moreover, when you've finally gotten to the monkeys, why are you talking about what kind of monkeys they are and how they dwell in the wild? Does anyone really care?I wish I could say that this book moved me in ways other than to reverse my peristalsis, but I can't. Preston's ornate metaphors that pepper almost every page of this book are tiresome and unnecessary; he had the chance to write a compact little thriller about an averted crisis of global proportions, but he instead chose to "get into the minds" of his subjects. And what a bore that became. There were only two redeeming aspects of this book: one was the description of the African, human Ebola victims, and the other was the description of the virus itself, although, again, both were sabotaged by Preston's inability to write. I wish I could say that this book moved me in ways other than to reverse my peristalsis, but I can't. Preston's ornate metaphors that pepper almost every page of this book are tiresome and unnecessary; he had the chance to write a compact little thriller about an averted crisis of global proportions, but he instead chose to "get into the minds" of his subjects. And what a bore that became. There were only two redeeming aspects of this book: one was the description of the African, human Ebola victims, and the other was the description of the virus itself, although, again, both were sabotaged by Preston's inability to write. If you want to know something about Ebola, go get An Idiot's Guide to Dangerous Diseases and Epidemics. If you're pining for the namby-pambiness of the Human Element, read The Hot Zone. Personally, I like to avoid rereading the Uncle Tom's Cabins of scientific accounting
 The author is certainly writing for a target audience.......as one other reviewer said, white, upper-middle-class, female would-be mystics. I found the stories of life on the commune mind-numbing (then again, I was born in Berkeley in 1970, so that hippie commune kumbayah stuff reminds me of eating carob when I was a kid) and the rest of what I did manage to read alienating.......zzzzzzzzzzzz.......I am not saying this is a bad book at all, just that it's focus was so narrow that it completely lost my interest. The language was so fuzzy and woo-woo that it just irritated my Gen X (for lack of a better word) postpunk sensibility. It's a shame, too, as I was really looking forward to this book and hoping it would assist me in reconciling my own struggle between feminism and spirituality. C'est la vie
 The book is basically a dictionary of terms in the computer graphic field.  All most the whole book contain very simple ideas and concept I knew already.  The book is basically a dictionary of terms in the computer graphic field.  All most the whole book contain very simple ideas and concept I knew already.  Also Lynn Pocock doesn't even do computer graphic work professionally.  I have yet to see any computer animation works by the writer.Also Lynn Pocock doesn't even do computer graphic work professionally.  I have yet to see any computer animation works by the writer.SAVE YOUR MONEY
 This is without a doubt the worst piece of social science ever produced. Regardless of where you stand politically, Johnson is guilty of revisionist history to the worst degree. Throughout this work Johnson displays a truly and utterly amazing ignorance of geopolitical realities.
 This was a terrible disappointment.  More of a memoir than anything about book-collecting, it was so disjointed it is hard to say what it was about or what the point was.  There seemed to be no context or fabric to the book.  This was a terrible disappointment.  More of a memoir than anything about book-collecting, it was so disjointed it is hard to say what it was about or what the point was.  There seemed to be no context or fabric to the book.  There were, however, HUNDREDS of references to obscure authors, actors, film-writers, magazines and books.  There were pages at a time where I was completely lost because I had no idea about whom the author was speaking, but he wrote as if the person was well-known to the reader.There were, however, HUNDREDS of references to obscure authors, actors, film-writers, magazines and books.  There were pages at a time where I was completely lost because I had no idea about whom the author was speaking, but he wrote as if the person was well-known to the reader.Baxter leads the reader around the world from his beginnings in Australia, thence to Britain to the US and ending in France.  Again, there is no context.  He would flip from a reference to the obscure artist, to an anecdote about himself or some bookseller or collector and then perhaps mention how he had acquired a book.Baxter leads the reader around the world from his beginnings in Australia, thence to Britain to the US and ending in France.  Again, there is no context.  He would flip from a reference to the obscure artist, to an anecdote about himself or some bookseller or collector and then perhaps mention how he had acquired a book.If viewed as a book about collecting books, you will not learn much.  If viewed as a memoir, there was little that was interesting about the author's life and there was precious little about his life other than acquisitions.  If viewed as a book about collecting books, you will not learn much.  If viewed as a memoir, there was little that was interesting about the author's life and there was precious little about his life other than acquisitions.  There were a very few nuggets about what makes a book valuable or diminishes its worth to a collector, but they were too few and far between.There were a very few nuggets about what makes a book valuable or diminishes its worth to a collector, but they were too few and far between.If you could not tell by now, I can not see much reason to read this book.  I think Mr. Baxter flattered himself to think that either he or his collection would be of general interest
 Sheppard's attempt to capture the "American youth angst" failed miserably. Instead what he created was a novel that felt more like a chore to get through.  I never developed any connection or understanding of the characters.  Each chapter seemed to stumble into the next, with the end as predictable as the next expletive Sheppard was going to use to give his protagonists a hard edge.  You'd do better saving your money, driving to the nearest mall, and find the kid in the Anarchy T-shirt looking sullen, because it appears that is all Sheppard did in this work.  Phew Stinker-rooney!  
 This book is seriously out of date for modern web design and development
 I read this in Jan. of 01 and am just now transcribing my notes.  Here goes:  Trashy, but I couldn't NOT finish it.  Story of best friends who go to a summer house every August with their families.  Secret betrayals of friendship, a hidden illness, a birth and a miscarriage.  What else do you need to make a soap-opera style plot?   I give Thayer credit for her spot on descriptions of feelings one experiences after miscarriage, from envy to despair.  Bottom line: Rich people with too much money and rich people problems. It didn't stay in my short term memory very long
 If you are a Christian, this book isn't for you. It is full of blashphemy, concluding that we must "... forgive God" and that we must love God "... even if He isnt perfect". Kusher even has the will to say that "...God would not be God..." without our love for Him. At one point he reduces God to an aminal saying that in the garden of Eden, when God said "...let US make man in OUR image" he was speking to animals and creation. Kusher explains that God created the world, and in the next paragraph that we came by evolution.If you are a Christian, this book isn't for you. It is full of blashphemy, concluding that we must "... forgive God" and that we must love God "... even if He isnt perfect". Kusher even has the will to say that "...God would not be God..." without our love for Him. At one point he reduces God to an aminal saying that in the garden of Eden, when God said "...let US make man in OUR image" he was speking to animals and creation. Kusher explains that God created the world, and in the next paragraph that we came by evolution.  Since when was God in need of forgiveness? Isnt it that "... God so loved the world" and it wasnt us that loved God? I have no words in describing this book. It is full of error, because it does not base it self on the Gospel of Jesus Christ. All this book does is frees you from the thought that you are a sinner, and that it isnt your fault, and that actully you are a good person. Why do bad things happen to good people? Wrong question. There are no good people in the world in the first place. " for all have sinned and come short of the glory of God..." The world is in sin. The world DOES NOT HAVE GOOD PEOPLE!! Only by the grace of God, through faith in Jesus Christ you are made righteous. I beg you in the name of Jesus Christ to stay away from this book. It hasnt helped 4 million people, but it lied to them. Kusher, please turn from your ways and come to Jesus, then will you understand the life question "WHY"
 As a long time fan of Nicholas Sparks, I was a little disappointed in this book.  The potential for it to be a great story faded when it became about these two characters and nothing more.  The entire book takes place in this little Bed and Breakfast and lacks the support of any minor characters.  There just wasn't enough going on in this book to keep my attention. As a long time fan of Nicholas Sparks, I was a little disappointed in this book.  The potential for it to be a great story faded when it became about these two characters and nothing more.  The entire book takes place in this little Bed and Breakfast and lacks the support of any minor characters.  There just wasn't enough going on in this book to keep my attention. Sparks's writing is beautiful as usual, but the plot for this story just didn't impress me the way his other stuff did.  If you are looking for a great Nicholas Sparks read, try The Rescue
 It is difficult to believe that such a slow and dull book could be written about such a compelling subject.  The reviewers who have lamented the short, choppy paragraphs that irritatingly jump from one scene to another, without benefit of full explanation or connection, are correct to scorn the overall poor writing that makes up this book.  I had to read some paragraphs several times and even then didn't understand what I was reading.  It was nearly impossible to picture most of the action in my mind, as it was mostly just a jumbled collection of facts and anecdotes that rambled on and on and on.  The description of the fire itself drags on chaotically for fifty tedious pages, which incited one yawn after another.  The book lacks any sense of focus and the author uses a very poor choice of words in many instances.  For example, the narrative is littered with sentences like: "She made for the east exit..."  Okay, fine, but did she run, walk, crawl, hop, skip, jump, or fly to the east exit?  I just don't know what to picture there.  The word "made" says nothing descriptive and is therefor about the worst word that could have been chosen.  This type of problem occurs on every page of the book.  I haven't read anything else the author has written, so I hate to be so critical.  I wonder, however, why his editor didn't send his manuscript back to him with thousands of suggestions.  I felt as if I was reading a very hastily-prepared early draft.  I have read many gripping books about disasters and survival situations.  This just isn't one of them.  Compare "The Circus Fire" to "Into Thin Air," "Heart of the Sea," "Batavia's Graveyard," or "Ordeal by Hunger" and you'll understand what I mean
 Since I listened to this as a cd it is difficult to comment on the book as Tony Roberts performance was so bad, it was impossible to follow the story line.  He read so slowly that it seems he received a bonus if he could stretch this little book into 7 excruciating cds which he did.  In addition to the slooooow reading, his characterization were completely over the top.  Dino sounded like a moron and "Billy Bob" well like a Texas moron.  And what about Billy Bob, that cliche name eptomized the whole weak little story.Since I listened to this as a cd it is difficult to comment on the book as Tony Roberts performance was so bad, it was impossible to follow the story line.  He read so slowly that it seems he received a bonus if he could stretch this little book into 7 excruciating cds which he did.  In addition to the slooooow reading, his characterization were completely over the top.  Dino sounded like a moron and "Billy Bob" well like a Texas moron.  And what about Billy Bob, that cliche name eptomized the whole weak little story.Skip this this one or prepare to suffer
 A much condensed version would have helped but still would not have been a good story.  The end was a disappointment and the middle laborious
 Toward the end of How Now Shall We Live, Chuck Colson states, regarding popular music and media, that a little cotton candy is permissible as part of a healthy diet. However, he warns, a diet of junk food can be fatal.Toward the end of How Now Shall We Live, Chuck Colson states, regarding popular music and media, that a little cotton candy is permissible as part of a healthy diet. However, he warns, a diet of junk food can be fatal.Good advice concerning pop culture-but even more applicable to this book. Yes, it contains a kernel of truth, but it ultimately is dangerous if not balanced by a heavy diet of other thinkers and theologians such as Thomas Merton, St. Francis of Assisi, Ron Sider, Tony Campolo, Brian McLaren, Brother Lawrence, Philip Yancey, Wendell Berry-the list goes on. It often is guilty of oversimplifying the ideological conflicts the modern Church faces, drawing the lines down to "Christians" against the "naturalists" or "humanists," thus ignoring the wide range of threats that seek to destroy the Church.Good advice concerning pop culture-but even more applicable to this book. Yes, it contains a kernel of truth, but it ultimately is dangerous if not balanced by a heavy diet of other thinkers and theologians such as Thomas Merton, St. Francis of Assisi, Ron Sider, Tony Campolo, Brian McLaren, Brother Lawrence, Philip Yancey, Wendell Berry-the list goes on. It often is guilty of oversimplifying the ideological conflicts the modern Church faces, drawing the lines down to "Christians" against the "naturalists" or "humanists," thus ignoring the wide range of threats that seek to destroy the Church.While there is truth in Colson's writing, I believe it ultimately stems from a flawed worldview-one defined largely by comfortable middle-class American thought and militaristic nationalism, sprinkled with the politically correct amount of Christian belief. His faith seems to be overly academic, one that favors rhetoric and proof over prayer and other spiritual disciplines. Evangelism, it seems to Colson, is comprised heavily of apologetics. The secularists must be shown that they are wrong, he says. Yes, there is truth and there is time for debate, but this book seems to prefer winning debates over building bridges and relationships. While there is truth in Colson's writing, I believe it ultimately stems from a flawed worldview-one defined largely by comfortable middle-class American thought and militaristic nationalism, sprinkled with the politically correct amount of Christian belief. His faith seems to be overly academic, one that favors rhetoric and proof over prayer and other spiritual disciplines. Evangelism, it seems to Colson, is comprised heavily of apologetics. The secularists must be shown that they are wrong, he says. Yes, there is truth and there is time for debate, but this book seems to prefer winning debates over building bridges and relationships. You see, I used to fear evolutionists and the proverbial round table of "secular humanists" that many conservative evangelicals love to discuss. But as I've grown, I realize that threats to the Church come more often from within than from secular culture, and they almost always have more to do with power and politics than the Enlightenment or science.
 I borrowed this from my sister-in-law to read. It is the first Barr book I have read.  I did not like it because of several reasons.  First of all, THE VULGAR LANGUAGE was too much.   One can write a fantastic thriller without words that are in the gutter.   Second, it was so mundane for a mystery.  The writer could have made this a very interesting book with the setting being in Yellowstone National Park.  Someone needs to give me a book of Barr's to prove that she can write an interesting book using words that are common to our daily language instead of trash talk. (By that I mean words one would use in professions of integrity.) 
 "Just Enough" is more than enough:  A turgid, pretentious, strident, and wholly unoriginal piece of work.  Its framework neither breaks any new ground in the study of the sociology of business or organization behavior, nor is it a particularly useful addition to the realm of self-help pop-business literature. At best, this might have been a reasonable ten page article in the Harvard Business Review, but surely not enough material for 280 pages!  Better to read &quot;Do What You Love, The Money Will Follow : Discovering Your Right Livelihood,&quot; by MARSHA SINETAR, and call it a day
 well, i thought that the book was coming. when i did not arrive at the last possible date i emailed and was told it was on backorder.  they did let me get a refund which was nice.  i would use them again for that reason alone. 
 All I could think was, "Damn, if I had so many friends at my beck and call to talk me down off the ledge, I'd never be depressed." I don't know quite how to explain it, but I felt no empathy for him. I only ended up feeling more depressed. As a history of depression, the level of research was quite impressive. All I could think was, "Damn, if I had so many friends at my beck and call to talk me down off the ledge, I'd never be depressed." I don't know quite how to explain it, but I felt no empathy for him. I only ended up feeling more depressed. As a history of depression, the level of research was quite impressive. If you read Prozac Nation and wanted to punch her out, steer clear of this one as well
 Please take this to HEART....Please take this to HEART....I love Mr. Belushi's acting, he's funny and all...I have nothing against his career and respect him for making all the changes he did in his life...I love Mr. Belushi's acting, he's funny and all...I have nothing against his career and respect him for making all the changes he did in his life...BUT...I cannot say this louder then this:NOT ALL WOMEN ARE THE SAME!!!!!!!!!!!! I was reading this, I knew what I was to expect...so I went in with SOME knowledge.  I love a real man, I LOVE A REAL MAN!!  I am NOT your a-typical woman and I will kill or die trying to remain myself.  When ever I see book after book or hear more and more about this ..... I just fume because I will be the FIRST to admit WOMEN'S LIB DESTROYED WOMANHOOD!  BUT and I repeat BUT...NOT ALL WOMEN ARE FOR WOMEN'S LIB AND ALL THE DAMAGE CAUSED IS NOT SUPPORTED BY ALL WOMEN.  I am destroyed by people like Mr. Belushi because THEY think I am one of the group called 'all women' and am judged because I belong to this group. His book is the most selfish book I have ever read and again, do not get me wrong about being a man, I SUPPORT IT AND CAN'T STAND a man who can't be a man....for ME, money is NOT status, a career is NOT status and marriage does not complete me!  If you fail at making the money you want, I'll encourage you to lift your spirits and NEVER tell you what job to do...if you don't have the money to take me out or buy me anything, I don't judge the quality of who you are, I will enjoy a night in front of the dvd player with you and I'M HAPPY!  I don't ask you to call because I'm checking up on YOU, I ask you to call and let me know you're safe....I don't snoop in your stuff because I'm NOSEY, I respect your privacy because I TRUST you - give me reason to stand up and NOT take your crap and I will, but ONLY after I shower you with unconditional love and acceptance because I GIVE IT TO YOU, and if that still hasn't reached you, all I can do is then stand up for myself where my man should be protecting me.  Yes, chivalry IS the key to this girls heart, but you better have a set to back that up too!  Your friends are my friends and I love them because I love you and you love them...nothing more, but they sure do take by destroying us since they don't have the 'us' in their own lives...I SUPPORT and WISH THERE WERE more real men out there...there are only two wants from this woman to her man 1-don't cheat on me and lie to my face, I NEED THAT SECURITY (pay attention, my security does NOT come from YOUR paycheck, it comes from your arm wrapped around me, PROTECTING me with your love) and 2- it is YOUR job to take care of us and when you can't, I am right there to get your back NOT to get in your way, NOT to diminish you, but to HELP YOU when you say you need my help.  That did not cost you your friends, did not cost a penny and it did not cost you your freedoms as a man.  I GIVE FREELY, LOVINGLY, UNCONDITIONALLY and ALWAYS not because of the notches on your bedpost, not because it cost you a dime, not because you did it MY way, not because you gave up one dang thing - I gave you every reason to WANT to give me your arm around me and your WANT to protect me.  Two things is all I need to give you an entire lifetime of love, honor, RESPECT and every ounce of my body to you...FREELY...got it???  I am halfway through the book and realized that yeah, I love one of the biggest jerks out there because of who he's become, I will love him til the day I die and will always and I mean ALWAYS give him that love, RESPECT as a man and honor him as MY man....because 'I' want to change ME to be a better woman, not because he got whipped into what I wanted him to be!NOT ALL WOMEN FIT THE BILL OF TRUE WAMONHOOD but I sure am dang proud of myself that I strive for it
 It is difficult, nay, impossible, to like a book when all the characters are obnoxious, money worshipping parasites, and that is exactly what we have in this novel.  It is difficult, nay, impossible, to like a book when all the characters are obnoxious, money worshipping parasites, and that is exactly what we have in this novel.  Out of the blue a godfather appears, a deus ex machina, who offers an idealistic lawyer, Clay Carter, more wealth than he can imagine or use.  Anyone with a brain would know that there has to be a hook within the bait, a very sharp, very large hook.  With apparent ease, this naive lawyer swallows the hook and makes millions and millions of dollars before he so much as senses that he is in deep trouble.  Enthralled with the gaudy toys and women that money brings him, he immediately loses sight of reality.  What a hollow and useless individual he is, as are those he hires to assist him and those with whom he associates in his lawyer world.Out of the blue a godfather appears, a deus ex machina, who offers an idealistic lawyer, Clay Carter, more wealth than he can imagine or use.  Anyone with a brain would know that there has to be a hook within the bait, a very sharp, very large hook.  With apparent ease, this naive lawyer swallows the hook and makes millions and millions of dollars before he so much as senses that he is in deep trouble.  Enthralled with the gaudy toys and women that money brings him, he immediately loses sight of reality.  What a hollow and useless individual he is, as are those he hires to assist him and those with whom he associates in his lawyer world.Whether or not there are such individuals (Enron?) is beside the point.  They may exist, but I for one am not eager to hear their life stories.The atmosphere in which they live is boring, as are their conversations, their lack of values, their hobbies, their sex lives, and their comeuppances.  Somehow, even in their fall, they never lose all their money and they never quite realize what hollow individuals they are.The atmosphere in which they live is boring, as are their conversations, their lack of values, their hobbies, their sex lives, and their comeuppances.  Somehow, even in their fall, they never lose all their money and they never quite realize what hollow individuals they are.Having read most of Mr. Grisham's other books, I expected better from him. 
 I like John Grisham, but THE KING OF TORTS was a slow-moving disappointment.  Grisham is obviously making an argument for tort reform in this novel, which is fine, but he ends up putting the message above the story.   I like John Grisham, but THE KING OF TORTS was a slow-moving disappointment.  Grisham is obviously making an argument for tort reform in this novel, which is fine, but he ends up putting the message above the story.   Grisham devotes much of this novel to a young plaintiffs' lawyer and his new law firm dedicated to class action lawsuits.  This provides Grisham with an excuse to explain, in agonizing detail, how tort lawyers sue big companies and collect huge fees.  Grisham also produces scene after scene describing the enormous wealth of class action lawyers, and how they put their own greed above the interests of their clients.   Grisham devotes much of this novel to a young plaintiffs' lawyer and his new law firm dedicated to class action lawsuits.  This provides Grisham with an excuse to explain, in agonizing detail, how tort lawyers sue big companies and collect huge fees.  Grisham also produces scene after scene describing the enormous wealth of class action lawyers, and how they put their own greed above the interests of their clients.   In the end, none of this adds up to an engaging storyline.  It doesn't help that the young lawyer in this novel is a rather unlikable person that Grisham is obviously setting up for a fall.  Since I didn't care for this character, I found the storyline of THE KING OF TORTS to be largely uninvolving.In the end, none of this adds up to an engaging storyline.  It doesn't help that the young lawyer in this novel is a rather unlikable person that Grisham is obviously setting up for a fall.  Since I didn't care for this character, I found the storyline of THE KING OF TORTS to be largely uninvolving.This novel is also rather preachy and heavy-handed in tone.   I personally dislike class action lawsuits, but I read novels for entertainment, not to validate my own political beliefs.   Although this book was decently written, I just didn't find the story interesting enough to recommend.This novel is also rather preachy and heavy-handed in tone.   I personally dislike class action lawsuits, but I read novels for entertainment, not to validate my own political beliefs.   Although this book was decently written, I just didn't find the story interesting enough to recommend.For a better version of this story, I would suggest A CIVIL ACTION by Jonathan Harr.
 Owen does a remarkable job of making himself look like a complete jerk.  He comes off as arrogant, showing little empathy towards Debra's problems earlier on in their marriage ( eating disorder, depression, social anxiety).  He writes about very private matters in his book that have nothing to do with the legal trouble Debra was in, but instead are very embarrassing to her.  He comes across as a husband with no compassion.  It's ironic that he goes on and on about Debra's poor choices in boyfriends over the years, and how they were always so controlling of her....and then he goes on to tell us how mad he was because he was a tidy person and Debra didn't keep the house tidy...and he didn't approve of the way she dressed!!  Seems to me that he was no different than the other guys she dated.  He repeatedly reminds us of how smart he is, his GPA, jobs, earning potential, etc...but then admits that when they separated, he sticks Debra with the credit card bill that still had a balance from their wedding and honeymoon to pay off!  He says it was in her name, so she can have it!  Owen shows how little a man he really is in this book. Debra did have horrible things happen to her as a kid, and maybe if she could have married a man with compassion in his heart, she wouldn't have gone down the road she did.  I feel very sorry for Debra after reading this book
 This is a good book for serious health nuts that have the time and energy to make simple easy recipes with a million strange ingredients that you've probably never heard of. If you plan on making lots of baby food with kelp and sea weed then this is the book for you
 A sad reminder that history is written by the victors. I wonder how Americans would feel if Al Qaeda would write a similar book glorifying the 9-11 attacks. Disgusting
 Mark Twain called the Book of Mormon "chloroform in print" and he wasn't kidding.  It is by far the most boring read I have encountered (I could barely get through it).  I am a woman of faith - faith in God and faith in Christ and I don't know how anyone could believe this rubbish.  PLEASE, anyone who is taking this at all seriously - do some research on the church.  Ask some hard questions (you will likely get a rehearsed answer, but it's worth a shot).  Mark Twain called the Book of Mormon "chloroform in print" and he wasn't kidding.  It is by far the most boring read I have encountered (I could barely get through it).  I am a woman of faith - faith in God and faith in Christ and I don't know how anyone could believe this rubbish.  PLEASE, anyone who is taking this at all seriously - do some research on the church.  Ask some hard questions (you will likely get a rehearsed answer, but it's worth a shot).  Joseph Smith was accused (and fined with a misdimeanor) of being a "glass looker" - hired by a man to help him find buried silver mines started and left behind by the Spanish. He would use "magic stones" that were placed in a hat to tell him where to find the location.  So convenient that he later found "gold plates" and used what he called the "Urim and Thum" (which, by the way are actually gemstones that were carried by the High Priests of Israel in biblical times) to translate these plates (he describes them as stones he looked at in a hat).  Joseph Smith was accused (and fined with a misdimeanor) of being a "glass looker" - hired by a man to help him find buried silver mines started and left behind by the Spanish. He would use "magic stones" that were placed in a hat to tell him where to find the location.  So convenient that he later found "gold plates" and used what he called the "Urim and Thum" (which, by the way are actually gemstones that were carried by the High Priests of Israel in biblical times) to translate these plates (he describes them as stones he looked at in a hat).  There are SO many myths that are told by members of the church "most men were SO distraught at the thought of polygamy", the age issue of Joseph translating the Book of Mormon, Joseph Smith's actual role in polygamy (which really should be called polandry - when a woman has more than one husband...  11 of Josephs 33 wives were actually married to other men first and then married to him, having NEVER divorced the first husband - what's up with that???).. etc.. and the list goes on and on...There are SO many myths that are told by members of the church "most men were SO distraught at the thought of polygamy", the age issue of Joseph translating the Book of Mormon, Joseph Smith's actual role in polygamy (which really should be called polandry - when a woman has more than one husband...  11 of Josephs 33 wives were actually married to other men first and then married to him, having NEVER divorced the first husband - what's up with that???).. etc.. and the list goes on and on...I am not disputing that Mormons take care of their own... that they are often kind people who have good hearts, I think that is all wonderful and if you want to join their church for those reasons that's great! Just PLEASE do some homework first and don't just rely on the "power of prayer".  There is a reason that Utah is the [...] capital of the USA (I'm sure every one of those people "prayed" about that big business decision - it can OFTEN be mis-intrepreted). 
 While it is true that Brandenburg is a tremendous photographer and the majority of photos are simply breathtaking.  I returned my copy because the datebook also contained disturbing photos of dead wildlife.  I'm very tender when it comes to wildlife, and while I know that death is a natural part of the life cycle, I am disturbed by dead wildlife and would never chose a book or datebook containing such pictures.  For anyone who is animal sensitive and dislikes any death photos, then this IS NOT the book for them.  Otherwise, I would recommend it
 I have nothing more to say than I've already said in my headline. Lou Dobbs' book was a big disappointment for me.I have nothing more to say than I've already said in my headline. Lou Dobbs' book was a big disappointment for me.
 I've read every one of Iris Johansen's "suspense" novels and have loved most of them.  The last couple though have been so painful to get through. This one however, I don't think I can even finish.  I read where someone called these characters "cardboard," and I couldn't agree more.  The female heroine randomly throws in curse words in a cheap attempt to create tension between herself and the supposed male protagonist.  Whereas in the Eve Duncan Books and the Wind Dancer books we are drawn into the story and come to care for the characters, it is patently obvious what will happen with each of these characters - makes me think of a writing 101 class.  "Now this should happen here, and this here, and this here and boom, climax, happily every after."  I've read every one of Iris Johansen's "suspense" novels and have loved most of them.  The last couple though have been so painful to get through. This one however, I don't think I can even finish.  I read where someone called these characters "cardboard," and I couldn't agree more.  The female heroine randomly throws in curse words in a cheap attempt to create tension between herself and the supposed male protagonist.  Whereas in the Eve Duncan Books and the Wind Dancer books we are drawn into the story and come to care for the characters, it is patently obvious what will happen with each of these characters - makes me think of a writing 101 class.  "Now this should happen here, and this here, and this here and boom, climax, happily every after."  I hope that Iris can get her groove back and begin writing novels worth my time. 
 Mark Rank proposes many interesting ideas that attempt redefine how we think about poverty in America.  Most of his ideas are solid, but my deepest concern is with the readers who gave this book 5 stars and used the word "interesting" to describe it.  Did they actually read it?Mark Rank proposes many interesting ideas that attempt redefine how we think about poverty in America.  Most of his ideas are solid, but my deepest concern is with the readers who gave this book 5 stars and used the word "interesting" to describe it.  Did they actually read it?This book is an unending parade of boring and repeated ideas presented in different, yet equally boring ways.  I honestly beleive that this book has destroyed the thrill of musical chairs for me forever.  This book could have been written in about 150 pages instead of the 250 it actually took if he simply used his original, not to mention solid, ideas.  The nature of the book greatly weakened his overall argument.  This book is an unending parade of boring and repeated ideas presented in different, yet equally boring ways.  I honestly beleive that this book has destroyed the thrill of musical chairs for me forever.  This book could have been written in about 150 pages instead of the 250 it actually took if he simply used his original, not to mention solid, ideas.  The nature of the book greatly weakened his overall argument.  Not only was the book dry, but it also seemed to fail to acknowledge the global system the US is a part of, and in particular, the role that immigration plays on poverty in the US.  He talks about the US and the people in it as if they were static, but we live in a very fluid world, growing more fluid everyday, and I feel that his failure to ackowledge this fact truly hurts his overall argument. 
 forget the tom wolfe comparison. this book is simply BORING! i'm half through reading it, but i'm still waiting for something interesting to happen. if nobody tells me that the second half is much, much better than the first, i'm going to throw it away (which i rarely do). how could i believe this excellent book review (in a swiss newspaper)
 I appreciate that there has to be some of this to cater to the various tastes out there--but this book has way too much.  I read 4 stories in a row that were either about lesbians or bisexual men. I appreciate that there has to be some of this to cater to the various tastes out there--but this book has way too much.  I read 4 stories in a row that were either about lesbians or bisexual men. I am going to stick to books that have more balance or emphasize hot sex between men and women.  The other stuff just doesn't do it for me.  I got bored and started turning the pages fast.  Disappointing
 You know, I hate to burst the bubble of devoted Trotskyites across the globe, but Trotsky was just as responsible for Stalin's rule as anyone. For Leon to blame Stalin is the height of hypocrisy. Without Lenin's apparatus of social repression and Trotsky's apparatus of military dictatorship, Stalin would never have been.The Russian Revolution was never a win for workers. It destroyed them, some 4 million at Lenin's hands, 30 million by Stalin, and 65 million by Mao Tse-tung.The Russian Revolution was never a win for workers. It destroyed them, some 4 million at Lenin's hands, 30 million by Stalin, and 65 million by Mao Tse-tung.No policy or ideology that denies the soul can ever succeed. And communism does just that. By denying that which makes humans humans, it can bring only suffering
 I thought Keegan was a "serious" historian.  This book contains little to do with the actual war itself - you would have picked up more on how it was fought on a 2nd rate cable news channel - indeed I beleive thats where he did all his research for this poor excuse for a "serious" miltary analysis of the iraq war
 The self-improvement books How to Win Friends and Influence People and Talking the Winner's Way are both way superior to this short book. Most of what you read is basically review if you've ready other similar books. And what's present doesn't pack enough substance or &quot;how to&quot; to make it really worth your time. About half-way through the book, Gabor started presenting fresh ideas. The problem, however, is that it was half-way through the book. Not a bad read, but there's so much better. If you happen across it one day on the street, it won't do any harm to read it. But I can't recommend paying money for something you already know, or can get for a better deal
 The book is entertaining, however if you wish to read this from a scholarly point of view and you have spent ANY time studying the ancient world to any degree...you will be appauled to find that the author of this book simply added his own interpretations to events, biblical texts, and blatantly stretched (pun so intended) the truth on so much.  I'd had enough from a research point of view when this guy not onlt spelt the names of gods wrong, but hyped only childish popular perspectives that no closer resemble ancient Sumerian belief than does the golden arches as a phallic symbol.  If you take away any claim of being a historical reference, this book is good.  It's a tongue and cheek look on the penis and that is about all it does.  Totally not serious, but a giggle to be had here and there.  Some of which is at the author's expense
 When I first got diagnosed with ADD (as an adult) I believe the exact phrase "You mean I'm not lazy, crazy or stupid?" went through my mind.  FINALLY, there was an explanation.  When I first got diagnosed with ADD (as an adult) I believe the exact phrase "You mean I'm not lazy, crazy or stupid?" went through my mind.  FINALLY, there was an explanation.  So when I heard about a book by that name, certainly I had to check it out.  Once I did though, I was sorely disappointed. So when I heard about a book by that name, certainly I had to check it out.  Once I did though, I was sorely disappointed. I have ADD, yes.  Nevertheless, I've still managed to get pretty far in life in spite of the "handycap" the authors of this book seem so eager to hide under. I have ADD, yes.  Nevertheless, I've still managed to get pretty far in life in spite of the "handycap" the authors of this book seem so eager to hide under. It's been a while since I read it, but I have the distinct recollection of finding some new example of a "You can't succeed in the world because you are 'disabled'" mentality on every page.  You can't do this, you can't do that, you've failed and you will continue to fail - just accept it. It's been a while since I read it, but I have the distinct recollection of finding some new example of a "You can't succeed in the world because you are 'disabled'" mentality on every page.  You can't do this, you can't do that, you've failed and you will continue to fail - just accept it. Excuse me?  I don't know about the authors of this book, but MY ADD makes me creative and intuitive and perceptive and just generally a genuinely unique and awesome person (egomania aside).  Where is this addressed?  Where are the helpful hints for harnessing THAT kind of potential?Excuse me?  I don't know about the authors of this book, but MY ADD makes me creative and intuitive and perceptive and just generally a genuinely unique and awesome person (egomania aside).  Where is this addressed?  Where are the helpful hints for harnessing THAT kind of potential?If they're in there, I sure didn't see them.  All I found were new little tricks for combatting the "affliction" with which I am (oh so unfortunately) beset.  Using these tricks, I can hope against hope for some semblence of a "normal" life they say.  Thanks but no thanks.  I'm doing pretty well so far, and I refuse to feel like some sort of mental cripple.If they're in there, I sure didn't see them.  All I found were new little tricks for combatting the "affliction" with which I am (oh so unfortunately) beset.  Using these tricks, I can hope against hope for some semblence of a "normal" life they say.  Thanks but no thanks.  I'm doing pretty well so far, and I refuse to feel like some sort of mental cripple.If you, and the authors are happy considering yourself as something less than the rest of the world because of the way your mind works, feel free - this is the perfect book for you.  But you can count me out. 
 Have you ever read a book that just seemed to drag on and on?  For me, that was this book.  If you like fantasy then you might like this, because that is the genre of this book.  It is about a Jewish girl named Hannah.  She goes to a family party and hears a knock on the door.  She opens it and then sort of wakes up and she thought it was a dream.  She now has a new name, Chaya.  She now has to figure out what happened, and what she will do in this body.  It takes place in New Rochelle.  It is old times.  It doesn't give a specific time but you can infer by the clues and setting.  She doesn't know why this happened to her but she must try to fix it.I didn't like this book at all.  I thought it was really hard to follow.  You have to pay attention throughout the whole book.  You can never daydream or you won't know why they are calling her a new name.  This was definitely made for older adults, or people with a higher reading level.  If you are a good reader and you like to challenge yourself, try this book.  I don't recommend this book if you are younger, or just not that well of a reader.  This is for very and I mean very good and high level readers.  I would say between the ages of 25-60 might like this book.  I don't think this book was a page turner.  I wanted to put it down, instead of not wanting to put it down.  It never sparked my interest.  Her being Jewish, and the book being a fantasy, I couldn't relate to anything that happened.  This book was hard to concentrate on.  If you look up for one second, you miss most of the story, so concentrate hard.  I couldn't relate to anyone. I am not Jewish.  If you are Jewish, you might actually understand this book better than I could.  I didn't like the genre.  It was all fake and totally unrealistic.  If you like that sort of stuff, then read this book, but I don't like fantasy.  I didn't like how it was written.  It was too hard to concentrate on.  I had to reread twice to find out why they are calling her a different name.  I never found any surprised in the story.  I could guess what would happen next.  It was predictable.  None of the chapters had cliffhangers.  If just was boring and that's it.  I thought it was extremely boring.  I didn't understand anything and I would rather do my homework, than read that book.  My mind wandered a lot.  I had to read sections over and over again.  I never believed the plot one bit.  With the story being fantasy, everything is farfetched.  I think older people would enjoy this book, because they would be the only ones who could understand it.I didn't like this book at all.  I thought it was really hard to follow.  You have to pay attention throughout the whole book.  You can never daydream or you won't know why they are calling her a new name.  This was definitely made for older adults, or people with a higher reading level.  If you are a good reader and you like to challenge yourself, try this book.  I don't recommend this book if you are younger, or just not that well of a reader.  This is for very and I mean very good and high level readers.  I would say between the ages of 25-60 might like this book.  I don't think this book was a page turner.  I wanted to put it down, instead of not wanting to put it down.  It never sparked my interest.  Her being Jewish, and the book being a fantasy, I couldn't relate to anything that happened.  This book was hard to concentrate on.  If you look up for one second, you miss most of the story, so concentrate hard.  I couldn't relate to anyone. I am not Jewish.  If you are Jewish, you might actually understand this book better than I could.  I didn't like the genre.  It was all fake and totally unrealistic.  If you like that sort of stuff, then read this book, but I don't like fantasy.  I didn't like how it was written.  It was too hard to concentrate on.  I had to reread twice to find out why they are calling her a different name.  I never found any surprised in the story.  I could guess what would happen next.  It was predictable.  None of the chapters had cliffhangers.  If just was boring and that's it.  I thought it was extremely boring.  I didn't understand anything and I would rather do my homework, than read that book.  My mind wandered a lot.  I had to read sections over and over again.  I never believed the plot one bit.  With the story being fantasy, everything is farfetched.  I think older people would enjoy this book, because they would be the only ones who could understand it.
 I picked up this book at the airport as I was heading to Japan. While staying with my in laws in the country, there is no English language anything. This is all I brought so I had to finish it. But it was a struggle. I picked up this book at the airport as I was heading to Japan. While staying with my in laws in the country, there is no English language anything. This is all I brought so I had to finish it. But it was a struggle. Firstly I like complex thrillers, and I liked all the Tom Clancy Jack Ryan series. Technically excellent, if with totally one dimensional characters. Firstly I like complex thrillers, and I liked all the Tom Clancy Jack Ryan series. Technically excellent, if with totally one dimensional characters. This book reminds me of the original Star Trek, where everyone but the Captain is affected by the virus. The hero is always right. This book reminds me of the original Star Trek, where everyone but the Captain is affected by the virus. The hero is always right. Bell can write, his prose, I think is fine, but the scenarios are sometimes laughably implausible. I also agree with another reviewer here that there is an unpleasant racist overtone in some of his depictions of some of the bad guys. Bell can write, his prose, I think is fine, but the scenarios are sometimes laughably implausible. I also agree with another reviewer here that there is an unpleasant racist overtone in some of his depictions of some of the bad guys. Overall awful, just awful. My first and last Bell book. I will be leaving the rest of the Bell collection on the shelf
 i'll be the first to admit that i'm biased based on my expectations from shaara's father's great book, the killer angels.  it is not fair to compare the two, but because reading the father's book lead me to buy this one, i thought i should mention it.  this book does not contain nearly the details and intimancies of the father's book.  it is not surprising since this one covers a much longer time frame than the battle of gettysburg, so shaara has less pages to devote to each person and battle.  but the result is a less satisfying book.  it skims rather than digs deep
 This book provides nothing new.  It is centered on the whole idea of setting up your retirement accounts so they automatically deduct from your paycheck.  If you have 401k, duh, it does that automatically...anyway, boring.  It also says to save money, don't use credit cards, pay yourself, blah, blah, blah.  Oh yeh, if you save early you will be a millionaire in like forty years...zzzz.   Ok, it did help me by reminding me about the interest rates in banks.  One idea was to put the emergency funds in a money market account which offers a higher interest rate than a regular savings account.  Upon reading this, I decided to do this and doing this made me realize the dismal .2% I've been earning on my saving account.  And not realizing the latest craze started by ING, all the other banks offer an "online savings" account which offers 5% compare to the dismal .2%.  I immediately switched!  Other than this part of the book, it was boring
 The reviewer below who said "More Heat Than Light" got it partly right.  This book is SO badly written you have to wonder if the author's other works were written by the same person. Not only is it sophomoric, it is gibberish.  Had its author been unknown, she would surely have had to pay for the book's publication. Incredibly bad, it may at least serve as a source of hope for struggling writers who believe that only the best works are accepted by publishers
 After reading Deep South and Flashback, I was looking forward to going back and reading some of the earlier Anna Pigeon books. Liberty Falling has to be the worst of the Pigeon series. I found myself skimming over pages and skipping over the last third of the book to get to the end and hope the ending would make it worth the read. It wasn't.
 For someone who spends his career attacking politically-motivated science, Stephen Jay Gould does a pretty good job combining scientific research with politics in this book. Gould rambles on and on, attacking giants of modern science like Samuel Morton and Francis Galton, and never putting up any serious scientific conclusions of his own. Gould presents fabricated objections to serious research and selectively excludes studies that make a clear correlation between intelligence and brain and skull size as well as differences in brain size between the human population groups and correlations between brain size and class. Gould only ridicules the most outlandish claims of scientific racism and refuses to pick on findings that have been proven correct. For anyone who has no knowledge of biology, this book will give them a very distorted view of the entire science. Stephen Jay Gould is a paleontologist; evolutionary biology is an amateur field for him, and it would be best if he, as well as all other crypto-Marxists who wish to blend science and politics, stay out of it
 Before I started reading "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance," the book had a lot going for it: stellar reviews on the cover, an intriguing title and its status as one of five or six books found in the meager philosophy section at Walden Books in Pocatello.Before I started reading "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance," the book had a lot going for it: stellar reviews on the cover, an intriguing title and its status as one of five or six books found in the meager philosophy section at Walden Books in Pocatello.Unfortunately, despite these advantages, the book failed to deliver anything but ambiguity and disappointment. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't terrible, it just wasn't very good.Unfortunately, despite these advantages, the book failed to deliver anything but ambiguity and disappointment. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't terrible, it just wasn't very good.I'm not sure whether the book is a memoir, a novel or a philosophical treatise. In "Zen" Robert Pirsig tells the story of a motorcycle trip he went on with his son, Chris in the 1970s. But the story, I guess, is not really about the bike trip itself but the thoughts the author has about quality and technology.I'm not sure whether the book is a memoir, a novel or a philosophical treatise. In "Zen" Robert Pirsig tells the story of a motorcycle trip he went on with his son, Chris in the 1970s. But the story, I guess, is not really about the bike trip itself but the thoughts the author has about quality and technology.The only interesting passage of the whole book can be found on page  17:  The only interesting passage of the whole book can be found on page  17:    "The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top of a mountain or in the petals of a flower."  "The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top of a mountain or in the petals of a flower."That passage is good. The rest of the book is depressing and confusing. Throughout the entire motorcycle trip, the author ignores his son and becomes lost in his own head thinking deep thoughts about the definition of "quality." That passage is good. The rest of the book is depressing and confusing. Throughout the entire motorcycle trip, the author ignores his son and becomes lost in his own head thinking deep thoughts about the definition of "quality." I'm not sure if this book was intended as a novel, but if it was, it failed to produce character growth. It's standing as a work of philosophy is not much better. The author's ideas could have been explained in a 20 page essay and been much clearer. I'm not sure if this book was intended as a novel, but if it was, it failed to produce character growth. It's standing as a work of philosophy is not much better. The author's ideas could have been explained in a 20 page essay and been much clearer. Whatever the book was supposed to be, it didn't impressed me. 
 I'm at page 116 right now.  The writing is lovely, the specifics dense, and the sense of place rich.  If the author tries to create suspense one more time by having the father say, "I just can't go on with this story!" I'm going to throw the book at the wall.  Also, so many embarrassing little holes.  If I were a librarian I would say, "So Dracula's checked out.  Go to a bookstore.  Every bookstore in the country has a copy."  And if I were the cat, I would know I was a goner the second I appeared as indeed he does within a paragraph(you need to plant the gun in an early scene if you're going to fire it).  Lastly, it seems like Dracula would be so much more efficient if he just killed the main characters rather than killing everyone around them.  Unless "Dracula" is related to our heroine--that would be good.  Will read a bit more. . .
 Overall I found this guide pretty confusing, but I guess it is better than nothing.  There are better choices, and some may want to consider auto-formatting software such as Eazypaper and others. 
 I read this book, it was okay but the story flashed back to much, and I couldn't folow all of it but I read all of it anyway. I wouldn't recommend it. TOO SLOW MOVING, and BORING because of the flashbacks. The movie was the same way
 Let me start by saying that I would have given this book zero stars if I could.  The reviews I've read are all true.  This book is boring, extremely repetitive and a waste of time.  The only reason I finished it was because I paid for it.Let me start by saying that I would have given this book zero stars if I could.  The reviews I've read are all true.  This book is boring, extremely repetitive and a waste of time.  The only reason I finished it was because I paid for it.I truly believe that Danielle Steel has lost her gift of writing.  She has not published a good book in a long time.  I also think that she's lost her editor, because to me, a good editor wouldn't let books like this be printed.I truly believe that Danielle Steel has lost her gift of writing.  She has not published a good book in a long time.  I also think that she's lost her editor, because to me, a good editor wouldn't let books like this be printed.This story pretty much follows stories she's done before except it's told from the guy's point of view.  There's the rich guy, Charlie, who can't seem to find the "perfect" girl to marry.  He finds a flaw with every one he dates.  He lost his parents at a young age, his sister left school to raise him, and just before he graduated college, she died of a brain tumor.  So of course he's afraid that anyone he gets close to will die or leave him.This story pretty much follows stories she's done before except it's told from the guy's point of view.  There's the rich guy, Charlie, who can't seem to find the "perfect" girl to marry.  He finds a flaw with every one he dates.  He lost his parents at a young age, his sister left school to raise him, and just before he graduated college, she died of a brain tumor.  So of course he's afraid that anyone he gets close to will die or leave him.Then there's rich Adam, whose wife left him and took their two children with her.  It was a bitter divorce, so he has no desire to ever marry again.  He dates girls half his age and never stays with one long.  His parents blame him for the divorce.  Every time he visits them, his mother let's him know what a huge disappointment he is to the family.Then there's rich Adam, whose wife left him and took their two children with her.  It was a bitter divorce, so he has no desire to ever marry again.  He dates girls half his age and never stays with one long.  His parents blame him for the divorce.  Every time he visits them, his mother let's him know what a huge disappointment he is to the family.The last of the trio is Gary, a struggling artist.  He has no desire to ever marry or date.The last of the trio is Gary, a struggling artist.  He has no desire to ever marry or date.The three men spend the month of August each year on Charlie's yacht, partying and going on and on about how they don't want commitments.  Well of course, each one meets someone, they start to date, they argue, they break up, they have their epiphany and everyone lives happily ever after.  Same old story.The three men spend the month of August each year on Charlie's yacht, partying and going on and on about how they don't want commitments.  Well of course, each one meets someone, they start to date, they argue, they break up, they have their epiphany and everyone lives happily ever after.  Same old story.Danielle Steel should stop writing.  You can't tell me she doesn't have enough money to live on.  I for one will not read any more of her books, even a paperback, and I won't even bother renting them from the library.  I won't waste my time having to check the book out and worrying about getting it back on time.  There are better authors available and I'm going to read them
 This is the second Nevada Barr that I have read. I picked it up on the strength of Deep South, which I thought was really terrific. It was frustrating that nearly all of what I liked about Deep South was missing from Flashback.This is the second Nevada Barr that I have read. I picked it up on the strength of Deep South, which I thought was really terrific. It was frustrating that nearly all of what I liked about Deep South was missing from Flashback.Flashback is structured with interwoven narratives which involve both the real-life murder and a civil war mystery related to Anna Pigeon's own family. The civil war story (told through letters and dream-like sequences) is clearly intended to add a note of gothic mystery to the story. Some may like the flavor that this element provides, but for me it dilutes the elements of the writing that I most enjoy. I really liked the crisp realism of Deep South, and felt that the style put it a cut above most books in the genre. Flashback, on the other hand, felt painfully contrived. The plot line with the letters was extremely unrealistic and (to my mind) unnecessary. Flashback is structured with interwoven narratives which involve both the real-life murder and a civil war mystery related to Anna Pigeon's own family. The civil war story (told through letters and dream-like sequences) is clearly intended to add a note of gothic mystery to the story. Some may like the flavor that this element provides, but for me it dilutes the elements of the writing that I most enjoy. I really liked the crisp realism of Deep South, and felt that the style put it a cut above most books in the genre. Flashback, on the other hand, felt painfully contrived. The plot line with the letters was extremely unrealistic and (to my mind) unnecessary. If you like historical mysteries with a gothic flavor more than you like realism in a detective novel, then you will probably be significantly less bothered than I was by Flashback. Barr at least made a clear choice with her approach to the book. Judging from the reviews, not everyone had a negative reaction to the interwoven plot lines.If you like historical mysteries with a gothic flavor more than you like realism in a detective novel, then you will probably be significantly less bothered than I was by Flashback. Barr at least made a clear choice with her approach to the book. Judging from the reviews, not everyone had a negative reaction to the interwoven plot lines.I will go ahead and pick up a third Barr book, because I did like Deep South so much. It was disappointing to have not had my high hopes realized with my second outing, but hope that it can be redeemed with a third.
 design of book is very poor--pictures totally unclear and print is crowded making it impossible to focus on the story.  The translations are not bad but there is no effort to organize the material and put it in contex
 I was not impressed with this book.  It is just basic stuff.  I would have expected a more sophisticated analyis of financials from this publisher
 I expected information about design, but this is just a self serving "I am good at what I do" book. I am sure he is good but there is little or no information about how to actually desigh furniture. No proportions, no instruction except make your mistakes on paper by sketching first. A waste of good money.
 If an author sets out to write a collection of short stories about adultery, you'd think they'd have a lo say about it, right? Well, Ford certainly expends plenty of words, but the net impact of them is next to nothing by the end of this incredibly feeble navel-gazing group of stories. Mind-numbingly similar in tone and temperament, the ten stories center of upper and upper-middle class white, middle-aged, married professionals who seem to have drifted into infidelity. Story after story plods cautiously along, poking at the consequences of adultery in a very mild way, with leaden dialogue and a lot of empty moodiness. Adultery is treated almost as a kind of bland rite-of-passage for a disconnected male. Marital infidelity can happen in so many ways for so many reasons, and yet Ford seems interested in only a very limited field of it. I have no idea what his personal background or situation is, but it's a collection you read and leave wishing the author had worked out their issues in therapy or something. If he wasn't such a literary bigshot, there's no way this would have been published-it strikes the same note over and over and over, and isn't provocative, insightful, or even interesting. PS. If you were planning on the audio version, don't. Ford is a terrible reader, sounding like someone reading the telephone book aloud as punishment
 ...essentially you get what you pay for. This book is certanly NOT representative of what I have come to expect from National Geographic. ...essentially you get what you pay for. This book is certanly NOT representative of what I have come to expect from National Geographic. I had eagerly anticipated the arrival of my book, but was dissappointed to find within the first few pages that it is uninspiring at best. Most of the pictures are poorly executed and at times seem amateurish. In the past I've found photographs by professionals like Steve McCurry ('Portraits')visually arresting. Not so here.I had eagerly anticipated the arrival of my book, but was dissappointed to find within the first few pages that it is uninspiring at best. Most of the pictures are poorly executed and at times seem amateurish. In the past I've found photographs by professionals like Steve McCurry ('Portraits')visually arresting. Not so here.At least it only cost me $20 oredering from Amazon. If I had been able to preview it beforehand, I would not have thought it worth even the discounted price
 If HZ's sensationalist title gives you pause, you're on to something.  The "story" Preston narrates is, indeed, terrifying.  It is a story about disease, politics, epidemiology, history, geography...  So much could have been made of this story (and so much has been, by far more capable writers).  Preston, it seems, is only capable of going for the jugular.  HZ shows no evidence of research (it lacks even a trace of a bibliography), and attests little more than a rudimentary grasp, on the part of its author, of the history, epidemiology, or politics of Ebola (no more than one might glean from any half decent article on the topic).  From its opening page stroll through the air-lock doors of a bio-containment research lab, to its closing page 'death-defying' romp through Kitum Cave (how very brave of you, RP!), HZ is in full pandering-for-the-cameras mode.  If this book was not a thinly veiled Hollywood screenplay, I'll eat my proverbial hat.  Even this might have been tolerable were Preston a remotely thoughtful observer or a marginally adept writer.  HZ is all cliches and lazy reporting.  It is an embarassment
 Most of the information is very "theoritical" and "limited" -- author focus mainly on her own analysis of her mother and her relationship with her.  ...  In a nutshell, the message is that a dysfunctional mother'll pass her emotioanal issues to her daughter(s), and in turn, the daughter(s) may pass that onto her offspring(s).  ...  
 The official censes of the Ottoman Empire in the early 1900s showed well over five million Christians living in the provinces of what are now modern Turkey.  Western specialists who helped the Turks conduct their censes stated that the Turks purposely undercounted the Christians and overcounted the Turks.  So, there were many more than just five million Christians.  There are now approximately only a hundred thousand Christians in Modern Turkey.  The question that the author pointedly neglects to address is what happened to the difference between over five million in the early 1900s and only a hundred thousand people today.  We know that over a million surviving Greeks were expelled in the exhange of populations between Greece and Turkey in 1923.  Again, what happened to the huge difference of 4-5 million people?  To the 1.5 million massacred Armenians, must be added three quarters to a million Assyriac Christians (Aramaic-speaking Arab Christians) and as many as two million Greeks (almost 30 percent of the Greek people).  The author does not touch on the large numbers of Christians who were enslaved by Turks or forced to convert to Islam to avoid massacre which explains the large number Greek-speaking "Turks" around Trebizon on the Black Sea.  The official censes of the Ottoman Empire in the early 1900s showed well over five million Christians living in the provinces of what are now modern Turkey.  Western specialists who helped the Turks conduct their censes stated that the Turks purposely undercounted the Christians and overcounted the Turks.  So, there were many more than just five million Christians.  There are now approximately only a hundred thousand Christians in Modern Turkey.  The question that the author pointedly neglects to address is what happened to the difference between over five million in the early 1900s and only a hundred thousand people today.  We know that over a million surviving Greeks were expelled in the exhange of populations between Greece and Turkey in 1923.  Again, what happened to the huge difference of 4-5 million people?  To the 1.5 million massacred Armenians, must be added three quarters to a million Assyriac Christians (Aramaic-speaking Arab Christians) and as many as two million Greeks (almost 30 percent of the Greek people).  The author does not touch on the large numbers of Christians who were enslaved by Turks or forced to convert to Islam to avoid massacre which explains the large number Greek-speaking "Turks" around Trebizon on the Black Sea.  It is not as if there is not vast contemporary accounts of neutral and Western observers of this enormous genocide and ethnic cleansing of the original, pre-Turkish populations of Anatolia.  I can only conclude that the author had such an inborn bias in favor of Turkey as to ignore a slaugher that approaches the Jewish holocaust of WWII.  Avoiding this subject amounts to holocaust denial.  It is not as if there is not vast contemporary accounts of neutral and Western observers of this enormous genocide and ethnic cleansing of the original, pre-Turkish populations of Anatolia.  I can only conclude that the author had such an inborn bias in favor of Turkey as to ignore a slaugher that approaches the Jewish holocaust of WWII.  Avoiding this subject amounts to holocaust denial.  The Christian genocide was the first great genocide of the 20th century and Hitler's model for the Jewish genocide. The massacre of the Greek and Armenian population of Smyrna (now Izmir) ranks with the Rape of Nanking in sheer horror and scale, but the author skips over it in a rush to avoid any detail of the crime or assign any blame except to the Greeks and Armenians by repeating the discredited canard that they set fire to their own city.  The Christian genocide was the first great genocide of the 20th century and Hitler's model for the Jewish genocide. The massacre of the Greek and Armenian population of Smyrna (now Izmir) ranks with the Rape of Nanking in sheer horror and scale, but the author skips over it in a rush to avoid any detail of the crime or assign any blame except to the Greeks and Armenians by repeating the discredited canard that they set fire to their own city.  The author's treatment of the Christian genocide reminds me of the comments to me of a Turkish officer at a NATO conference which were to the effect that there had been no Armenian genocide (the Turkish Government official line) but, in any case, that they had deserved it.  The author seems to have taken her treatment of the subject from the Turkish Government as well
 "Karl Marx, years ago, gave a description of why this might be happening. He followed the most moral and meritocratic theory for wealth and value: an object is worth as much as the effort it takes to make." "Karl Marx, years ago, gave a description of why this might be happening. He followed the most moral and meritocratic theory for wealth and value: an object is worth as much as the effort it takes to make." NO IT'S NOT!!! An object's worth is based upon both the supply of an object and the demand for it arrising from consumers. To imply that it comes from the effort it takes to make implies that a milkshake that takes only a few minutes to make is worth far less than a vial of poison that took an hour to make or an atomic bomb that took months to make, which would mean that we should subsidize the military-industrial complex, since all those workers worked hard to create those deadly things. NO IT'S NOT!!! An object's worth is based upon both the supply of an object and the demand for it arrising from consumers. To imply that it comes from the effort it takes to make implies that a milkshake that takes only a few minutes to make is worth far less than a vial of poison that took an hour to make or an atomic bomb that took months to make, which would mean that we should subsidize the military-industrial complex, since all those workers worked hard to create those deadly things. "Petty-bourgeois' owners, i.e. the mom-and-pop stores and small business in general, of which my grandpa, a dentist, was a part of, are being driven under by corporate chain competition in retail." "Petty-bourgeois' owners, i.e. the mom-and-pop stores and small business in general, of which my grandpa, a dentist, was a part of, are being driven under by corporate chain competition in retail." This is either to the innefficiency in their store to meet consumer demands or to the massive regulations burdened upon them by the government. All regulations do nothing but add an increased burden on to competition and thus kills them out. There's a reason why the owner's of Wal-Mart recently said that the federal government should increase the minimum wage to over $8, as this would cause many smaller businesses to go bankrupt, lay off employees, and prevent future businesses from starting up to compete with Wal-Mart. Another problem is the subsidies that the smaller store pays to Wal-Mart (Wal-Mart collects millions in subsidies due to Marx's Labor Theory of Value once again) and of the use of emminent domain abuse (which can be justified on the grounds of the "greater good" as opposed to the individual good of your mom and pop stores). This is either to the innefficiency in their store to meet consumer demands or to the massive regulations burdened upon them by the government. All regulations do nothing but add an increased burden on to competition and thus kills them out. There's a reason why the owner's of Wal-Mart recently said that the federal government should increase the minimum wage to over $8, as this would cause many smaller businesses to go bankrupt, lay off employees, and prevent future businesses from starting up to compete with Wal-Mart. Another problem is the subsidies that the smaller store pays to Wal-Mart (Wal-Mart collects millions in subsidies due to Marx's Labor Theory of Value once again) and of the use of emminent domain abuse (which can be justified on the grounds of the "greater good" as opposed to the individual good of your mom and pop stores). "But no theory is ever flawless, and socialists should be able to correct their past flaws to account for human nature and "reality." There is no reason to believe that heavy social hierarchy and class division is a necessary evil; workers CAN manage their lives just fine through cooperatives." "But no theory is ever flawless, and socialists should be able to correct their past flaws to account for human nature and "reality." There is no reason to believe that heavy social hierarchy and class division is a necessary evil; workers CAN manage their lives just fine through cooperatives." Sure there is. Human beings are inherently unequal, differing in many skills, abilities, ambition, the choices that they make in life, how they apply their time, etc. etc. Of course, there is isn't any reason that individuals can't create wealth nonetheless, creating goods and services that help others out in exchange for some good or service itself. And cooperatives need to be voluntary first. Nor can cooperatives produce the bulk of wealth.  There needs to be some Division of Labor, Trade and Commerce, etc. or else all cooperatives end up as hunter-gatherering tribes reduced to the real law of the jungle to survive.  This can't happen if everything is collectively owned. Sure there is. Human beings are inherently unequal, differing in many skills, abilities, ambition, the choices that they make in life, how they apply their time, etc. etc. Of course, there is isn't any reason that individuals can't create wealth nonetheless, creating goods and services that help others out in exchange for some good or service itself. And cooperatives need to be voluntary first. Nor can cooperatives produce the bulk of wealth.  There needs to be some Division of Labor, Trade and Commerce, etc. or else all cooperatives end up as hunter-gatherering tribes reduced to the real law of the jungle to survive.  This can't happen if everything is collectively owned. "Since workers are the sole producers of goods from scratch to end" "Since workers are the sole producers of goods from scratch to end" NO! Entreprenuers, innovators, etc. provide much of the creativity, design, direction for the purchase and use of capital goods, negotiation of deals, evaluation of threats, problems, and consumer requests, and other such things. It wasn't the workers at Microsoft who created cheap desktop computers, it was Bill Gates, the workers are merely a form of mass-production who help out, but ultimately mass produce a good or service in exchange for privately owned wages, caused by supply and demand.
 Pick up any dictatorial king from the past world and read any writing about him by one of his blind followers, whose very existence and relevance is due to that king. What you will get from that kind of writing? Noonan was a speechwriter Reagan administration. Sound familiar? Noonan does not get how ordinary citizens used to live under the rule of kings and how they felt about kings. Probably she does not care. Americans are lucky that they never had any king. Noonan fails to provide any inside information how Reagan dealt with many difficult things of his presidency - AIDS, Iran-Contra, welfare, deficits, funding mujahideens, cozy relationship with Saddam. Instead she tried to portray his 8 years like a Disney feelgood fairytale - good ruler, happy citizens..."happily lived ever after". Basically, this book contains just glorification of a person who is viewed as king by the writer.  Her admiration took away her basic ability of criticism and desire to provide any information that readers don't know already. This is a writing isolated from the reality of 80's (which is nothing new in human civilizations). Secondly, she fails to understand that Reagan was just an elected politician and many have contributions on whatever achieved in his 8 years of presidency - including average hard-working Americans. But she gives ALL the credits to Reagan, except all the negative things, like Iran-Contra. In the world of democracy this book deserved to be in trash - a perfect place for the kings, characters of kings and the writings about them
 My grandmother and my mother have read Danielle Steele for years, but I must admit I'd never picked one up. I was always more for historical romances. But I wanted something different, had heard good things about her, so while at the library, decided to give her a try. I have to say I'm extremely disappointed. Granted, I'm a fellow writer (a very picky reader by nature), and an unpublished one to boot, but the writing could've been better in my opinion. The first five pages are all backstory of Paris's marriage (no action, no excitement, told very "history lesson-ish") and what could have been an extremely powerful scene between Paris and her husband (the inciting incident in the first chapter) left me wondering, "So what?". Twenty five pages in, I could care less about these people. I honestly expected more from a bestselling author.
 i wonder if im reading the same book the others are reading. i'm on page 101 right now and it took me about 4 days to get this far. (i've gone through 3 clique books in a day, so it's not like i'm a slow reader) the book is just so boring. its like ive read all of this cr@p before! so far sam had a graduation party at her dad's yacht, we hear about 2 new characters from a rival school who happen to be enemies of sam and her group and conveniently enough the two schools do something together, i forget what but it looks like it will be the opportunity for sam to get her revenge for getting poop smeared on her white jeans a few years back (eye-roll). anna is incapable of taking care of herself at a time of crisis (her car gets rear ended by some cliche white trash woman) so her dad's 'dont judge a book by the cover cliche' tatooed but hot new intern comes to rescue her, omg romance! (another eye roll) ben is being a troll my guess is hes cheating on her, but seriously reading that chapter where they go on this really uncomfortable date just made me want to scream at the book! it was so annoying.i wonder if im reading the same book the others are reading. i'm on page 101 right now and it took me about 4 days to get this far. (i've gone through 3 clique books in a day, so it's not like i'm a slow reader) the book is just so boring. its like ive read all of this cr@p before! so far sam had a graduation party at her dad's yacht, we hear about 2 new characters from a rival school who happen to be enemies of sam and her group and conveniently enough the two schools do something together, i forget what but it looks like it will be the opportunity for sam to get her revenge for getting poop smeared on her white jeans a few years back (eye-roll). anna is incapable of taking care of herself at a time of crisis (her car gets rear ended by some cliche white trash woman) so her dad's 'dont judge a book by the cover cliche' tatooed but hot new intern comes to rescue her, omg romance! (another eye roll) ben is being a troll my guess is hes cheating on her, but seriously reading that chapter where they go on this really uncomfortable date just made me want to scream at the book! it was so annoying.the only thing keeping me reading right now is the cammie storyline, i want her to confront her dad and find out what happened to her mom.the only thing keeping me reading right now is the cammie storyline, i want her to confront her dad and find out what happened to her mom.right now im giving the book 2 stars, after i finish the book (if i ever do) ill come back and edit this. if anyone wants to take me out of my misery and tell me what happened to cammies mom, be my guest! lolright now im giving the book 2 stars, after i finish the book (if i ever do) ill come back and edit this. if anyone wants to take me out of my misery and tell me what happened to cammies mom, be my guest! lol***EDIT*** it got a lot better after page 101, the Sam plot got developed (a bit overdone, tacky and stalkerish, i mean a life size cut out? a 100 cell phones? come on, what a waste of money. she could have donated all that $$$ to some charity in peru and impressed her guy a lot more. the cammie story is getting juicier, and parker may have a bona fide crush on sam. i still think ben is a creep. well i guess i wont spoiler everything lol. i'm still not done yet. ill continue this after i finish.***EDIT*** it got a lot better after page 101, the Sam plot got developed (a bit overdone, tacky and stalkerish, i mean a life size cut out? a 100 cell phones? come on, what a waste of money. she could have donated all that $$$ to some charity in peru and impressed her guy a lot more. the cammie story is getting juicier, and parker may have a bona fide crush on sam. i still think ben is a creep. well i guess i wont spoiler everything lol. i'm still not done yet. ill continue this after i finish.***FINAL EDIT*** after a good middle, the book took a nosedive.  the story of cammie's mother was horribly disappointing. i officially HATE ben now and im getting more and more sick of anna for even being into him. what kind of guy tries to make a girl feel weird and uptight for thinking that sex between two people should be special??? that just really turned me off. the girl who wins a contest by wearing nothing but body paint to the party?? okay, this is a book that 12 year olds read, did we seriously need to hear that? the best way to get liked is to get naked?***FINAL EDIT*** after a good middle, the book took a nosedive.  the story of cammie's mother was horribly disappointing. i officially HATE ben now and im getting more and more sick of anna for even being into him. what kind of guy tries to make a girl feel weird and uptight for thinking that sex between two people should be special??? that just really turned me off. the girl who wins a contest by wearing nothing but body paint to the party?? okay, this is a book that 12 year olds read, did we seriously need to hear that? the best way to get liked is to get naked?sigh... the two stars rating stands. sorry
 After having read and loved Howard Pyle's 1968 Classic Pressedition of "The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood" I was quite disappointed with "The Story of King Arthur and His Knights".Whereas Pyle brilliantly brought his characters to life in "RobinHood", the characters of "King Arthur" seem flat and lifelessby comparison.  The King Arthur stories read like little morethan a description of events; one doesn't really get a feelingof being there while things are happening as in "Robin Hood."The dialogue seems much more realistic in "Robin Hood", but Ithink there's more to it.  The writing style in "King Arthur" I'd characterize as prosaic---in sharp contrast to the charming, poetic style of writing in "Robin Hood." 
 so very boring... i gave up halfway in. i usually hate to leave books unfinished but i felt like it was a waste of my time. my sister liked it though.
 As I've said before NATIONAL HYPNOSIS!!! Liberals want to dupe the masses into believing that modern Conservatism and Lberalism are different ideologies (they both come from Hegel and Machiavelli the philosophies that gave birth to Communism and Facism).
 Mr Wong is making a good living selling his book and working the lecture circut.  Some good ideas but a lot of impractical stuff included.  The reality of the classroom and the ineffectiveness of school administration make working under such ideal circumstances unrealistic.  Work in 5 classes of 40-50 kids each day who can't read (many are moved up so they can be with their friends) and such touchy feely programs quickly fall aside. 
 These are revised remarks since my comments about "Prediabetes" and "Stop Diabetes" being the same book.  I got them both and felt somewhat duped.These are revised remarks since my comments about "Prediabetes" and "Stop Diabetes" being the same book.  I got them both and felt somewhat duped.Gretchen did contact me to explain the Prediabetes is a second edition of Stop Diabetes.  I wish it said that on the cover.Gretchen did contact me to explain the Prediabetes is a second edition of Stop Diabetes.  I wish it said that on the cover.The book(s) info about stopping the progression of diabetes is great, so I do recommend either of these books.  It is well written in a style that's easy to understand.  Just don't get both books; they're essentially identical
 I have to admit that my wife read this book first and said it was slow.  She didn't say how slow though.  But rather than take her word for it (why should I?  After all, she's my wife) I bothered to pick it up and read it.  How I wish I had listened to her and left it in the box of stuff for the rummage sale.  I cannot stand Baldacci's juvenile charactor dialog, but finish it I did though most of it I could have read through closed eyes and not missed anything.  I'll stick with my Nelson DeMille from here on if I want literary junk food
 This book is so densely packed with miniscule details and examples that the information's significance becomes blurred, if not obsolete.  The authors show they are very knowledgable on the subject, but they fail to analyze the information they present.  The reader is left to interpret the meaning of details and ponder why they are included.  The authors also use repetitive examples that become tiring and ineffective.  The only minutely important information is presented in the topic sentences of each paragraph, and the book can be reasonably well understood just by reading the introductory sentences.  While this book could be a treasure house for someone researching the relationship between manors and their respective villages, the average reader's attention is never captured.  Students, beware!  Before embarking on an excruciatingly dull explaination of medieval village life, reconsider your other options of reading material. (One option is another book by these authors that has gotten better reveiws.
 Attention: Seasoned RealEstate investers don't waste your time purchasing this book. Ideal for amatuer investors who want to add more value to their piece of real estate.
 I found this book to be a vaguely interesting dissertation on what the SHAM (Self-Help Actualization Motivational) Movement is, and maybe even on why it is, but no help whatsoever in giving me any tools for argument against it.  I thought, sucked in by the interesting cover suggesting brain-washing in such a humorous way, that the author might have a sense of humor herself and I'd find her book absorbing intellectually and on other levels as well.I found this book to be a vaguely interesting dissertation on what the SHAM (Self-Help Actualization Motivational) Movement is, and maybe even on why it is, but no help whatsoever in giving me any tools for argument against it.  I thought, sucked in by the interesting cover suggesting brain-washing in such a humorous way, that the author might have a sense of humor herself and I'd find her book absorbing intellectually and on other levels as well.I would read a page or a paragraph or two, close the book, and nod off.I would read a page or a paragraph or two, close the book, and nod off.This is such a fascinating area, it could be the basis for a really fascinating book, but "Self-Help, Inc..." left me feeling I needed to go to a self-help group to deal with the density of the verbage.  It would not appeal most to the people most in need of reading it  -  the victims of SHAM
 A friend recommended this book which I unfortunately bought.  I feel sorry for people who think that this is "writing."  The author not only contradicts herself but the writing is shallow and lacks any depth.  If you want to feel good, buy yourself a bottle of wine, not this book
 This play explores the same old turf as "Death of a Salesman", but it does so with much less satisfaction and much less character development.  Eddie is no Willy Loman, though, and the play suffers immediately from a lack of a central, driving force like Willy.  Parts of the play seem borrowed from Tennessee Williams, and they don't seem to work in this context.  There is some business about the romance of the Old World Italy versus the New World of Opportunity on the docks of New York, and it is the only topic that is at all explored well, if still unsatisfactorily.  Eddie's dreams are represented in his pretty niece, Catherine; and unlike Willy Loman's uncle, she is still an attainable dream. That makes Eddie's life seem all the more petty, in comparison to Willy's: he longs wearily not after what he could have had, but after what he can never have, as he is already married.  The death scene at the end of the play also seems like a forced, tacked on ending, and Alfieri's entire presence is a more or less unsuccessful stage gimmick.  There are better plays by Miller, and many better plays by others
 Before purchasing Made in Detroit I read the reader reviews.  The reviews were so mixed that I decided against buying the book and checked it out of the library instead.  As it turns out I made the best decision.  All I can say is `thank you fellow reviewers'; this book was definitely not worth the purchase price.  My statement has nothing to do with the author's writing skills, he is a skilled writer.  It has everything to do with his lack of insight.  That Paul Clemens could live in a city and have such a skewed view of it is downright scary.  I read the book, waiting for Paul to have a revelation that would help him put the pieces of his life together and make peace with them.  But after 241 pages he was no more enlightened than he was on page one.  Blacks are caricatures whose sole role in life is to make Paul's life hard.  Women are peripheral characters who are barely given a voice.  He finds a way to put down and demean everyone who is not a white male in his book.  Before purchasing Made in Detroit I read the reader reviews.  The reviews were so mixed that I decided against buying the book and checked it out of the library instead.  As it turns out I made the best decision.  All I can say is `thank you fellow reviewers'; this book was definitely not worth the purchase price.  My statement has nothing to do with the author's writing skills, he is a skilled writer.  It has everything to do with his lack of insight.  That Paul Clemens could live in a city and have such a skewed view of it is downright scary.  I read the book, waiting for Paul to have a revelation that would help him put the pieces of his life together and make peace with them.  But after 241 pages he was no more enlightened than he was on page one.  Blacks are caricatures whose sole role in life is to make Paul's life hard.  Women are peripheral characters who are barely given a voice.  He finds a way to put down and demean everyone who is not a white male in his book.  If you are a white male who harbors secret racist feelings you will enjoy this book and it will validate your feelings.  If you are anyone else your reaction will no doubt range from mild boredom to outrage.  As I read this book I felt sadness, a profound sense of dismay and had some of my worse fears confirmed.  (There are white folks who actually still think like this.)  My hope is that the light comes on for Paul, he is still young.  If it does maybe he will share his insights with us.  
 After reading the first book *(which was catastropha) and reading the second which was really good, I thought that the series is taking off, I was mistaken, the third book is slow, and boring, you can see very well that Stephan king has no Idea what so ever where he is going to take that seriesAfter reading the first book *(which was catastropha) and reading the second which was really good, I thought that the series is taking off, I was mistaken, the third book is slow, and boring, you can see very well that Stephan king has no Idea what so ever where he is going to take that seriesNothing much is happening, and while the second book introduce some interesting ideas, the third book just go to the ordinary adventure that you can find (And better written as well) in dragon lance series, or other adventure books, also many ideas that were in this book already appear in many king books,Nothing much is happening, and while the second book introduce some interesting ideas, the third book just go to the ordinary adventure that you can find (And better written as well) in dragon lance series, or other adventure books, also many ideas that were in this book already appear in many king books,reading reviews of manuy users on the fourth book, which some say is very boring I guess this is where the adventure end for me..
 This book reads like the blog of some angry person who ignores evidence to the contrary and embraces anything that agrees with him.  It was very hard to take seriously
 Since God is Infinite Goodness, we must conclude that the appearance of reckless divine cruelty is a delusion.  When we are comfortable, we are too shallow-minded to realize that we need God.  Since God knows that He is the only thing that we really need, He inflicts pain upon us to wake us up to this fact.  So pain is God's megaphone.  If some people, such as the Jews, try to love God without going through Christ, it is not yet God - merely the best approximation their fantasy can attain.  Hence poor God is forced to keep screeching at them through His megaphone.  But even people who try their hardest to love the true God, such as Job, or C. S. Lewis for that matter, cannot adore God as much as He wants to be adored, so He uses pain over and over again to "plant the flag of truth within their rebellious souls."    Since God is Infinite Goodness, we must conclude that the appearance of reckless divine cruelty is a delusion.  When we are comfortable, we are too shallow-minded to realize that we need God.  Since God knows that He is the only thing that we really need, He inflicts pain upon us to wake us up to this fact.  So pain is God's megaphone.  If some people, such as the Jews, try to love God without going through Christ, it is not yet God - merely the best approximation their fantasy can attain.  Hence poor God is forced to keep screeching at them through His megaphone.  But even people who try their hardest to love the true God, such as Job, or C. S. Lewis for that matter, cannot adore God as much as He wants to be adored, so He uses pain over and over again to "plant the flag of truth within their rebellious souls."    Where does this notion of an Infinitely Good God come from?  Given mankind's painful existence, "an inference from the course of events in this world to the Goodness and Wisdom of the Creator would be preposterous."  God had to reveal Himself to mankind by Revelation; thus it is in the likes of Abraham and Moses, who identified God as righteous, that all peoples are blessed.  Lewis informs us that God expostulated with His own creatures on the basis of their own ethical conceptions - "What iniquity have your fathers found in me, that they are gone far from me?"  One has to wonder if Lewis has ever actually read the Bible.  Can anyone really deny that if a leader of today did exactly the sorts of things that Abraham and Moses did that they would be decried by all of sane mankind as monsters?  I have never understood why, or how, I am supposed to pretend that this is not true.  Of course, God is wiser than me, so if I could only see it from God's viewpoint, I would see that the butchery of whole populations, including babies and animals, was actually an act of love.  In MERE CHRISTIANITY Lewis condemns this line of reasoning in eastern religions as "damn nonsense."  Undoubtedly, we get the impression of a just and loving God through the teachings of Christ, but the conviction that God is Infinite Goodness, Omniscience, and Omnipotence did not come from biblical revelation; it was developed by medieval Christian philosophers by reasoning through extrapolation -- a process that Lewis, rather inexplicably, deems impossible.Where does this notion of an Infinitely Good God come from?  Given mankind's painful existence, "an inference from the course of events in this world to the Goodness and Wisdom of the Creator would be preposterous."  God had to reveal Himself to mankind by Revelation; thus it is in the likes of Abraham and Moses, who identified God as righteous, that all peoples are blessed.  Lewis informs us that God expostulated with His own creatures on the basis of their own ethical conceptions - "What iniquity have your fathers found in me, that they are gone far from me?"  One has to wonder if Lewis has ever actually read the Bible.  Can anyone really deny that if a leader of today did exactly the sorts of things that Abraham and Moses did that they would be decried by all of sane mankind as monsters?  I have never understood why, or how, I am supposed to pretend that this is not true.  Of course, God is wiser than me, so if I could only see it from God's viewpoint, I would see that the butchery of whole populations, including babies and animals, was actually an act of love.  In MERE CHRISTIANITY Lewis condemns this line of reasoning in eastern religions as "damn nonsense."  Undoubtedly, we get the impression of a just and loving God through the teachings of Christ, but the conviction that God is Infinite Goodness, Omniscience, and Omnipotence did not come from biblical revelation; it was developed by medieval Christian philosophers by reasoning through extrapolation -- a process that Lewis, rather inexplicably, deems impossible.Lewis's insistence that people have free will needs to be examined.  Even as he describes it, since we are born in sin, we cannot use free will to avoid sin, and most people are blind to their sin.  Hence, it logically follows that there can be no free will without the ability of self-perception.  The evidence suggests that incessant pain, especially when inflicted upon children, destroys this ability.  Abused children typically grow up to be abusers.  In my own case, I adamantly insist it was the drug, marijuana, which first gave me introspective ability, at the age of 23.  Prior to that moment, God knows that I had no free will.  Free will is not a realized trait that we are born with, but a potential ability that requires a great deal of effort to develop.  In most people it remains largely dormant.  Since free will is dependent on self-knowledge, the role of religion needs to be the development of introspective ability.  Dogmatic adherence can only hinder this.Lewis's insistence that people have free will needs to be examined.  Even as he describes it, since we are born in sin, we cannot use free will to avoid sin, and most people are blind to their sin.  Hence, it logically follows that there can be no free will without the ability of self-perception.  The evidence suggests that incessant pain, especially when inflicted upon children, destroys this ability.  Abused children typically grow up to be abusers.  In my own case, I adamantly insist it was the drug, marijuana, which first gave me introspective ability, at the age of 23.  Prior to that moment, God knows that I had no free will.  Free will is not a realized trait that we are born with, but a potential ability that requires a great deal of effort to develop.  In most people it remains largely dormant.  Since free will is dependent on self-knowledge, the role of religion needs to be the development of introspective ability.  Dogmatic adherence can only hinder this.Lewis is at least honest enough to acknowledge evolution.  Unfortunately, it is hardly possible to reconcile the notion of evolution of man from animals with his fairy-tale notion that animals only exist by destroying each other because they were corrupted by Satan before man's appearance on Earth.  Somehow, the perfectly good "Paradisal Man" descended from animals already corrupted by Satan.  Lewis can be abominably silly sometimes.Lewis is at least honest enough to acknowledge evolution.  Unfortunately, it is hardly possible to reconcile the notion of evolution of man from animals with his fairy-tale notion that animals only exist by destroying each other because they were corrupted by Satan before man's appearance on Earth.  Somehow, the perfectly good "Paradisal Man" descended from animals already corrupted by Satan.  Lewis can be abominably silly sometimes.Lewis is given to disjunctive, either/or, logic.  Either the common human experience of supernatural awe is a mere twist in the mind with no biological purpose, or it is direct experience of the supernatural - a Revelation.  I would once have scoffed at this, but a Numinous vision of Christ was the major turning point of my life.  The problem is that this Revelation was not at all consistent with Mere Christianity.  According to Lewis, the purpose of pain is to break our will, since it is our tarnished wills that keep us from God.  I had only recently come to realize that I had not had free will until my sense of self was awakened by an illegal drug.  I experienced Christ in the very moment that I was cursing Christ for demanding that I beg forgiveness for that which He was responsible.  Albeit, at the time I was an atheist, and was only cursing at what I had been taught about Christ.  I experienced Christ as the core of my being, not as an entity completely separate from myself, and as an awakening of will, not a surrender.  Lewis assures me that the feeling of being one with God, rather than a creature of God, is Satan's ultimate deception.  But I have also experienced Satan within myself.  If Christ were not the core of my being, I would never have survived Satan.  I know the difference.  I do not acknowledge that Christianity has the authority tell me what my experience of God must be.Lewis is given to disjunctive, either/or, logic.  Either the common human experience of supernatural awe is a mere twist in the mind with no biological purpose, or it is direct experience of the supernatural - a Revelation.  I would once have scoffed at this, but a Numinous vision of Christ was the major turning point of my life.  The problem is that this Revelation was not at all consistent with Mere Christianity.  According to Lewis, the purpose of pain is to break our will, since it is our tarnished wills that keep us from God.  I had only recently come to realize that I had not had free will until my sense of self was awakened by an illegal drug.  I experienced Christ in the very moment that I was cursing Christ for demanding that I beg forgiveness for that which He was responsible.  Albeit, at the time I was an atheist, and was only cursing at what I had been taught about Christ.  I experienced Christ as the core of my being, not as an entity completely separate from myself, and as an awakening of will, not a surrender.  Lewis assures me that the feeling of being one with God, rather than a creature of God, is Satan's ultimate deception.  But I have also experienced Satan within myself.  If Christ were not the core of my being, I would never have survived Satan.  I know the difference.  I do not acknowledge that Christianity has the authority tell me what my experience of God must be.I am a scientist by training, not given to superstitious credulity, however much like it what I have written above must sound.  In my attempt to make sense of my experience of Christ and Satan battling within my mind, I have come up with the following myth:  It is, at least, not completely unreasonable to assume that consciousness is an inherent quality of existence.  This consciousness would first be in a primordial state, probably in some way responsible for evolution, though not by anything like intelligent design by direct control.  There could be no distinction between good and evil; in fact the terms could have no meaning, until consciousness evolved to a complexity capable of self-awareness.  As self-awareness developed, so did awareness of pain and terror, and a rebellion against achieving a level of awareness capable of experiencing pain.  The human mind, as the vessel of consciousness experiences these antagonistic trends and, for whatever reason, tends to personify them as God and Satan, or their various cultural equivalents.  What makes the Christian God so detestable is His complete refusal to accept responsibility for anything.  Satan can therefore be described as "God's self-ignorance."  Buddhists are apparently able to put themselves into the conscious state of inanimate matter, hence there insistence that good and evil are identical.  C. S. Lewis tells us that "it is not God's purpose that we should go back into that old identity."  I think I agree with him on this point.  Mankind's goal must be to attain free will be becoming conscious of what we really are.(Peter Payne, author of CAPTAIN CALIFORNIA:  A YOUNG MAN'S ENCOUNTER WITH THE EVIL WITHIN HIMSELF)              
 I've enjoyed Johansen's books for years, but this one was awful...I'm beginning to wonder if she's using a ghost writer.  Totally ridiculous plot, trite dialogue...I lost count of the times she used the phrase "Sophie said through her teeth..."  I was beginning to wish someone was PULLING my teeth rather than having to read this book.  Johansen is capable of SO MUCH BETTER than this!  I'm praying she isn't falling into the Nora Roberts/Danielle Steel/James Patterson habit of churning out the same old tired fodder just to meet a publisher's deadline
 I am a chef and an avid collector of cookbooks. I find the recipes of this book to be mediocre at best, terribly organized and lengthy. I am not interested in Lawson's endless anecdotes, rather, I would prefer her stories to be replaces by pictures (an essential for cooking books, in my opinion), of which there are none. I was disappointed, and would not recommend this book to anyone. For basic, great recipes, I would suggest any of Ina Garten's books. Her recipes are no-fail and the books are well done.
 This is truly a disappointing book.  It starts incredibly slowly and I found it very hard to become interested in the plot.  Another disappointment is Koontz's recycling of elements from other novels: (1) plucky, highly intelligent disabled girl (the young female protagonist in "The Hideaway" had almost identical deformities and personality), (2) devoted, super-powered canine companions, (3) bad guys driving around in ultra pimped-out RVs, and (4) evil bioethicists.This is truly a disappointing book.  It starts incredibly slowly and I found it very hard to become interested in the plot.  Another disappointment is Koontz's recycling of elements from other novels: (1) plucky, highly intelligent disabled girl (the young female protagonist in "The Hideaway" had almost identical deformities and personality), (2) devoted, super-powered canine companions, (3) bad guys driving around in ultra pimped-out RVs, and (4) evil bioethicists.The Leilani character is patently ridiculous.  She conveniently has a genius IQ, but that does not make the absurdly adult manner in which she speaks any more believable.  I found it so disconcerting as to detract from the plot.  Koontz clearly has trouble writing for children, and this book is no exception.  Almost all the children featured in his books are either autistic/MR or genius wunderkinds; the latter, however, does not justify his habit of making smart children talk like genius adults.  Dean heaps the hardships on poor Leilani, with all the subtlety of an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger.  In case you miss the anvils, you are supposed to really, really like her and fear for her safety.The Leilani character is patently ridiculous.  She conveniently has a genius IQ, but that does not make the absurdly adult manner in which she speaks any more believable.  I found it so disconcerting as to detract from the plot.  Koontz clearly has trouble writing for children, and this book is no exception.  Almost all the children featured in his books are either autistic/MR or genius wunderkinds; the latter, however, does not justify his habit of making smart children talk like genius adults.  Dean heaps the hardships on poor Leilani, with all the subtlety of an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger.  In case you miss the anvils, you are supposed to really, really like her and fear for her safety.I don't know how or where Dean Koontz learned about bioethics, but he has a terribly misguided view of the field, taking an extreme sect of it to represent the main viewpoint of the field.  Further, he states multiple times that these eugenic bioethics principles are being taught to medical students at major universities (who will have to pay for their involvement with evil bioethics) -- as a medical student, I can assure you that this is patently untrue.  That Koontz could be so off-base on a topic that directly relates to the central motive is disconcerting and makes an already weak book even harder to swallow.I don't know how or where Dean Koontz learned about bioethics, but he has a terribly misguided view of the field, taking an extreme sect of it to represent the main viewpoint of the field.  Further, he states multiple times that these eugenic bioethics principles are being taught to medical students at major universities (who will have to pay for their involvement with evil bioethics) -- as a medical student, I can assure you that this is patently untrue.  That Koontz could be so off-base on a topic that directly relates to the central motive is disconcerting and makes an already weak book even harder to swallow.The final issue is Koontz's near-deification of dogs, particularly Golden Retrievers, which is a common motif in his more recent works.  It is ridiculous and unintentionally funny to an almost painful degree.  His obsession with dogs and their mystical powers borders on the psychotic (and I like dogs).  This novel probably features the most egregious example of Koontz's tendency to create overly sappy, sugary-sweet endings.The final issue is Koontz's near-deification of dogs, particularly Golden Retrievers, which is a common motif in his more recent works.  It is ridiculous and unintentionally funny to an almost painful degree.  His obsession with dogs and their mystical powers borders on the psychotic (and I like dogs).  This novel probably features the most egregious example of Koontz's tendency to create overly sappy, sugary-sweet endings.Dean Koontz has written many books better than this one.  Spend your money on one of his stronger efforts
 Sometime ago I read my Sunday paper and noted that "Three Junes" was listed as a popular book choice.  The title sounded interesting so I bought it.  That was 2 months ago and I am still trying to get through the paperback edition.  It is difficult to follow the timeline, to understand the characters and where they fit, and to get involved in the storyline.  I will finish the book because that's my style.  It has not been a book that I could not wait to get back to.
 As an admirer of Theodore Roosevelt, I was very disappointed in Mr. Brands' book. It appeared to me that Mr. Brands' intent was to analyze the life of this great man strictly from his critic's point of view. While any good biography worth its salt should present a balanced view of the man, Mr. Brands appears to go out of his way to find fault in almost all of TR's actions. TR was by no means a perfect man, however, history has proven him to be one of our greatest presidents. One gets the sense after reading this dreadfully long and depressing account of TR that Mr. Brands'truly disliked his subject
 i'll be the first to admit that i'm biased based on my expectations from shaara's father's great book, the killer angels.  it is not fair to compare the two, but because reading the father's book lead me to buy this one, i thought i should mention it.  this book does not contain nearly the details and intimancies of the father's book.  it is not surprising since this one covers a much longer time frame than the battle of gettysburg, so shaara has less pages to devote to each person and battle.  but the result is a less satisfying book.  it skims rather than digs deep
 When I started reading this book, I was hopeful that it would be an insightful commentary on the ridiculous nature of politically-correct word choice.  Unfortunately, I did not find it to be particularly clever or funny.  On some level, it seems like the PC craze has subsided since the mid-90's when the book was written, and it just doesn't read as the brilliant critique that I expected.  We've now heard so many silly descriptions followed by the suffix "challenged" that it just isn't funny anymore.  I suppose that this book worked much better when it was written, but it hasn't aged well over the ten years since
 The chief problem with this book is that the writer incorporates the French perspective by using citations in French with no translations.  I took 2 years of high school French but I'm not that good!  This could be overlooked except that, for obvious reasons, I was very interested to hear the perspective of French writing on this lopsided defeat.  The experience was like someone telling a long joke and them mumbling the awaited punchline, or someone tearing out the last page of a riveting mystery novel.  I simply can't believe key citations weren't translated.  The chief problem with this book is that the writer incorporates the French perspective by using citations in French with no translations.  I took 2 years of high school French but I'm not that good!  This could be overlooked except that, for obvious reasons, I was very interested to hear the perspective of French writing on this lopsided defeat.  The experience was like someone telling a long joke and them mumbling the awaited punchline, or someone tearing out the last page of a riveting mystery novel.  I simply can't believe key citations weren't translated.  Otherwise the study of Henry V was great, and I would like to hear more about him (except since he died young I probably heard it all already.)  The treatment of the battle was superficial, but perhaps given the lack of material this could be understood, but more could be done
 I must admit I was skeptical when I first opened this book based on previous knowledge I had of MPD.  This book made me that much more skeptical.  In most cases of MPD or DID as it is now more commonly referred to the problem arises through the suggestive power of the therapist.  This case is different though.  On page 67 of the paperback copy I got, Ms Chase describes Stanley(her name for Phillips) as wondering how it is that the personalities could seemingly communicate with each other while at the same time not being aware of each other.  Her answer that she or as she claims her "troops" give is that it is through the use of "thought transference" which was known to the ancient Greeks as she tells us later on.  I almost burst out laughing when I read that.  She also contradicts her claim that the alters don't know of each other later when she has one of them discussing the alters Rabbit and Sister Mary Catherine at the same time.  Another way this happens is how they often refer to themselves as 'we'.  Many of the alters sound as though they came from books or movies.  The abuse that she claims occurred while living with her stepfather is rather graphic.  Her claims really belong in the same realm as those who claim past life memories, ufo sightings, satanic ritual abuse, and second sight.  I think she is not credible in the least.  There is not one fact given to support her claims of past abuse and it would be interesting for someone to write a book looking into her claims to see if there is anything that would substantiate them.  She does let us know in the book that she is very creative, artistic, intelligent, and apparently well read.  I think this has a lot to do with her claims of multiple personalities.  The book itself is long, boring, anti-climatic even with the final confrontation with the stepfather which occurs at the end.  She also seems to be claiming in the book some pscyhic abilities.  Don't waste your money on this book, unless you have to read it for a class as I did. 
 This book just rambles on and on and never seems to end.  I don't think I have ever been so disappointed in a book.  Since I started to read it, I feel like I have to finish it.  I am just praying for that day to come soon.  I have to skip over entire paragraphs just to get through a chapter.  It is overwhelming proof that hippies should NEVER write books
 this book blew my ballz.  it was possibly the worst book i have ever read in my entire life.  although i am usually sleepless in seattle, i found myself falling asleep each time i tried to read it.  i advise no one to ever read this godforsaken book
 I was there, as were several of my fellow Sitka Fire Department EMT's and State Troopers from the Sitka Academy.  The 6 of us, along with two parajumpers from the Canadian Armed Services were flown through the typhoon winds, on a helicopter, out to the Williamsburgh where we spent the next 33 hours attending to the rescued passengers - literally giving them the clothes off our backs and keeping them calmed.  We knew there was a doctor onboard, from Anchorage, but we literally never met or saw him - I'm sure he did good work in the little clinic he had set up - but that is where he stayed.  The real story was out in the rest of the ship that weekend.  But I was disappointed to see that Mr. Jeffers failed to fully research this book - the role the Sitka rescue teams played (both on the Williamsburgh and trying to assess/fight the fire on the Prinsendam) was totally overlooked - despite the fact that there is a lot of documentation available that tells our story - which was the human side & had some quite amusing moments in the face of this event.  I was so looking forward to this book and then to find out he left a large part of the story out, was very sad.  At least we all have our commendations from both the Coast Guard commendant and the Canadian armed services - they knew we were there!   Too bad Mr. Jeffers didn't due diligence.
 Tropic of Cancer by Henry Miller. Not recommended.Tropic of Cancer by Henry Miller. Not recommended.In his 1960 introduction to Tropic of Cancer, Karl Shapiro said, "I call Henry Miller the greatest living author because I think he is," ". . . as a spiritual example he stands among the great men of our age," and ". . . he [Orwell] predicts that Miller will set the pace and attitude for the novelist of the future. This has not happened yet, but I agree that it must." Shapiro does not support any of these points in his essay, and nothing about Tropic of Cancer supports them, either.In his 1960 introduction to Tropic of Cancer, Karl Shapiro said, "I call Henry Miller the greatest living author because I think he is," ". . . as a spiritual example he stands among the great men of our age," and ". . . he [Orwell] predicts that Miller will set the pace and attitude for the novelist of the future. This has not happened yet, but I agree that it must." Shapiro does not support any of these points in his essay, and nothing about Tropic of Cancer supports them, either.Tropic of Cancer consists of 318 pages recounting Miller's experience as an American expatriate in Paris and expounding his personal philosophy, often in ways that are rambling and painfully nonsensical. Miller's stories about his friends are tedious, pointless, and catty; like Miller, they seem to have been talentless hacks whose belief in their own artistic abilities makes them artists and writers, as though believing is being. Miller writes, "A year ago, six months ago, I thought I was an artist. I no longer think about it, I am"--which is the type of arrogant pretentiousness he mocks in virtually all of his acquaintances.Tropic of Cancer consists of 318 pages recounting Miller's experience as an American expatriate in Paris and expounding his personal philosophy, often in ways that are rambling and painfully nonsensical. Miller's stories about his friends are tedious, pointless, and catty; like Miller, they seem to have been talentless hacks whose belief in their own artistic abilities makes them artists and writers, as though believing is being. Miller writes, "A year ago, six months ago, I thought I was an artist. I no longer think about it, I am"--which is the type of arrogant pretentiousness he mocks in virtually all of his acquaintances.When they are not creating, or talking about philosophy or creating, Miller and his circle seem to spend nearly every moment picking up women (and disease). They rarely use a neutral term such as "woman" when there are so many obscene, demeaning words with which to objectify the gender. The women that Miller and friends find are invariably portrayed as stupid, drunken, irrational, loose, sly, deceptive, and good primarily for one function, which Miller turns into a squalid, cold, joyless act. In spite of all the vice and the "living," no one seems to be having fun, and some characters, notably Fillmore, find themselves nearly trapped into the bourgeoisie life.When they are not creating, or talking about philosophy or creating, Miller and his circle seem to spend nearly every moment picking up women (and disease). They rarely use a neutral term such as "woman" when there are so many obscene, demeaning words with which to objectify the gender. The women that Miller and friends find are invariably portrayed as stupid, drunken, irrational, loose, sly, deceptive, and good primarily for one function, which Miller turns into a squalid, cold, joyless act. In spite of all the vice and the "living," no one seems to be having fun, and some characters, notably Fillmore, find themselves nearly trapped into the bourgeoisie life.Miller expresses contempt for the machine, the industrial age, and money--although he schemes to keep 2,800 francs from Fillmore's mistress and revels in having so much in his pocket. Often hungry, Miller obsesses about food and relies on his friends to support him. When he describes his Indian friend Kepi as ". . . a scrounger, a sort of human tick who fastens himself to the hide of even the poorest compatriot," he could be talking about himself as he bitterly complains about those of his friends who are stingy with money, accommodations, food, and wine.Miller expresses contempt for the machine, the industrial age, and money--although he schemes to keep 2,800 francs from Fillmore's mistress and revels in having so much in his pocket. Often hungry, Miller obsesses about food and relies on his friends to support him. When he describes his Indian friend Kepi as ". . . a scrounger, a sort of human tick who fastens himself to the hide of even the poorest compatriot," he could be talking about himself as he bitterly complains about those of his friends who are stingy with money, accommodations, food, and wine.Miller's logic about the working world is facile; he writes, "If you want bread, you've got to get in harness, get in lockstep." On the surface, this is true, but it never seems to occur to him that, if you want bread, someone must cultivate, raise, and harvest the wheat and produce the other components; someone must transform these components into bread; and someone must deliver it to the shops and cafes. In other words, if most people weren't in "lock step," Miller could choose to starve or set himself to produce bread, joining the world in harness. He makes his choice clear, then whines about it. He may despise those who support him, whether they are friends or workers, but that is perhaps because he, a misanthrope who finds fault with everyone but himself, needs the very people he denigrates (including "the grocer, the baker, the shoemaker, the butcher, etc.--all imbecilic-looking clodhoppers"), a reliance which he resents. He hates the machine and the machine mind, but offers no alternatives.Miller's logic about the working world is facile; he writes, "If you want bread, you've got to get in harness, get in lockstep." On the surface, this is true, but it never seems to occur to him that, if you want bread, someone must cultivate, raise, and harvest the wheat and produce the other components; someone must transform these components into bread; and someone must deliver it to the shops and cafes. In other words, if most people weren't in "lock step," Miller could choose to starve or set himself to produce bread, joining the world in harness. He makes his choice clear, then whines about it. He may despise those who support him, whether they are friends or workers, but that is perhaps because he, a misanthrope who finds fault with everyone but himself, needs the very people he denigrates (including "the grocer, the baker, the shoemaker, the butcher, etc.--all imbecilic-looking clodhoppers"), a reliance which he resents. He hates the machine and the machine mind, but offers no alternatives.Seemingly incapable of sincere feeling, Miller finds human emotion amusing. When a friend says, "A boy can break your heart . . . He's so damned beautiful! And so cruel!" Miller writes, "We had to laugh at this. It sounded preposterous. But Collins was in earnest." When an acquaintance to whom he owes money dies, he writes, "At any rate, he was killed in an automobile accident shortly after my arrival, a circumstance which left me twenty-three francs to the good."Seemingly incapable of sincere feeling, Miller finds human emotion amusing. When a friend says, "A boy can break your heart . . . He's so damned beautiful! And so cruel!" Miller writes, "We had to laugh at this. It sounded preposterous. But Collins was in earnest." When an acquaintance to whom he owes money dies, he writes, "At any rate, he was killed in an automobile accident shortly after my arrival, a circumstance which left me twenty-three francs to the good."Shapiro claims that Miller is a poet, but his attempts at poetic and philosophic ramblings often make little if any sense. Speaking of buildings and statues, Miller says, " . . . they must be saturated with my anguish," the kind of bad metaphor in which he frequently indulges. He describes artists such as himself as the "inhuman ones." "I am inhuman! I say it with a mad, hallucinated grin, and I will keep on saying it though it rain crocodiles. Behind my words are all those grinning, leering, skulking skulls, some dead and grinning a long time, some grinning as if they had lockjaw, some grinning with the grimace of a grin, the foretaste and aftermath of what is always going on." Whenever these attempts at poetic philosophy appeared, rambling on for pages, I found myself yearning for a return to his insipid stories about prostitutes, disease, friends, and hunger.Shapiro claims that Miller is a poet, but his attempts at poetic and philosophic ramblings often make little if any sense. Speaking of buildings and statues, Miller says, " . . . they must be saturated with my anguish," the kind of bad metaphor in which he frequently indulges. He describes artists such as himself as the "inhuman ones." "I am inhuman! I say it with a mad, hallucinated grin, and I will keep on saying it though it rain crocodiles. Behind my words are all those grinning, leering, skulking skulls, some dead and grinning a long time, some grinning as if they had lockjaw, some grinning with the grimace of a grin, the foretaste and aftermath of what is always going on." Whenever these attempts at poetic philosophy appeared, rambling on for pages, I found myself yearning for a return to his insipid stories about prostitutes, disease, friends, and hunger.Tropic of Cancer is perhaps the worst book I have ever read (and I did promise myself that I would read Tropic of Capricorn). Shapiro says, "There are not many of these emancipated beings left in our world [emancipated from what? --DLS], these clowns and clairvoyants, celebrants of the soul and of the flesh and of the still-remaining promise of America." If Miller, with his whining, his criticism, his holier-than-everyone attitude, his "art," his two-dimensional view of people, and his obsession with excrement, is the "greatest" of these souls, may I never meet the least.Tropic of Cancer is perhaps the worst book I have ever read (and I did promise myself that I would read Tropic of Capricorn). Shapiro says, "There are not many of these emancipated beings left in our world [emancipated from what? --DLS], these clowns and clairvoyants, celebrants of the soul and of the flesh and of the still-remaining promise of America." If Miller, with his whining, his criticism, his holier-than-everyone attitude, his "art," his two-dimensional view of people, and his obsession with excrement, is the "greatest" of these souls, may I never meet the least.Note: If there were a 0 stars option, Tropic of Cancer would have earned it
 This book was a complete waste.  It was boring to read and hard to follow.  I finished the book just see how it ended and hoping to clear up the confusion.  I never should have read past the first chapter.  Read Pop Goes the Weasle, or Lake House by Patterson.  Just not this book.  It is hard to believe it is written by the same author
 Have you ever done something wrong but justified it so that you wouldn't feel bad?  Have you ever seen someone else do the exact same wrong thing and condemn him? In this story, the main character seems to believe that even when he does bad things he's still a "good guy" because "good guys" don't do bad things.  Dizzing logic, huh?  Throughout the novel, you review his senior year of high school with him.  It starts out with the story of how he got the nickname "Killer" to why it's okay for him to take illegal drugs or break a public statue.  The flashbacks of the past year are woven within the present day drama of him trying to convince a scared and angry young woman that he didn't rape her.  He won't let her leave the room until she believes it.  The ending is less than satisfactory for me.  I would much rather the main character have received retribution and the girl receive justice
 Jesus, talk about the little girl crying "wolf." When I picked up this book, I expected to read a truly terrifying tale about how people got sick with a horrifying disease that no one knew/knows how to deal with. What I got instead was a lot of perseverating and a lot of emotional presumption. Jesus, talk about the little girl crying "wolf." When I picked up this book, I expected to read a truly terrifying tale about how people got sick with a horrifying disease that no one knew/knows how to deal with. What I got instead was a lot of perseverating and a lot of emotional presumption. The book starts out promisingly, even if Preston surrenders freely to flowery prose. We're given the account of Charles Monet, one of the first documented cases of the Ebola virus. From there on, Preston gives a description of the virus, what it does, how it does it - the works. Then, he moves on to the Human Component, the cast of characters, so to speak, for the big story.The book starts out promisingly, even if Preston surrenders freely to flowery prose. We're given the account of Charles Monet, one of the first documented cases of the Ebola virus. From there on, Preston gives a description of the virus, what it does, how it does it - the works. Then, he moves on to the Human Component, the cast of characters, so to speak, for the big story.The big story is, alas, not so impressive. It's a case of an Ebola outbreak amongst a shipment of monkeys that everyone thinks is going to cause awful problems to come about, but nothing of the sort happens. Basically, people run around in bio-hazard gear, fret a lot, and monkeys die. In between, Preston manages to surpass his self-indulgence to talk about other cases of the Ebola virus, cases of people being infected, "crashing and bleeding out," cases that are a lot more interesting than a shipment of monkeys, unless you're a PETA type.The big story is, alas, not so impressive. It's a case of an Ebola outbreak amongst a shipment of monkeys that everyone thinks is going to cause awful problems to come about, but nothing of the sort happens. Basically, people run around in bio-hazard gear, fret a lot, and monkeys die. In between, Preston manages to surpass his self-indulgence to talk about other cases of the Ebola virus, cases of people being infected, "crashing and bleeding out," cases that are a lot more interesting than a shipment of monkeys, unless you're a PETA type.The worst thing about The Hot Zone is just how self-indulgent Preston is. He starts to novelize his subjects a few chapters into the book, which is a noble idea, but not when they don't die at the end. Basically, he's trying to make you care about these people, and all for naught. And by the time that you're supposed to be truly concerned, you actually WANT them to die, because you're tired of hearing about him describe, in active detail, what they eat in the morning, what they do in the afternoon, and how they lie in bed with their spouses at night. When you're addressing a subject as fascinating as a Level 4 virus, why are you spending time talking about Nancy Jaax's hands and karate prowess? Moreover, when you've finally gotten to the monkeys, why are you talking about what kind of monkeys they are and how they dwell in the wild? Does anyone really care?The worst thing about The Hot Zone is just how self-indulgent Preston is. He starts to novelize his subjects a few chapters into the book, which is a noble idea, but not when they don't die at the end. Basically, he's trying to make you care about these people, and all for naught. And by the time that you're supposed to be truly concerned, you actually WANT them to die, because you're tired of hearing about him describe, in active detail, what they eat in the morning, what they do in the afternoon, and how they lie in bed with their spouses at night. When you're addressing a subject as fascinating as a Level 4 virus, why are you spending time talking about Nancy Jaax's hands and karate prowess? Moreover, when you've finally gotten to the monkeys, why are you talking about what kind of monkeys they are and how they dwell in the wild? Does anyone really care?I wish I could say that this book moved me in ways other than to reverse my peristalsis, but I can't. Preston's ornate metaphors that pepper almost every page of this book are tiresome and unnecessary; he had the chance to write a compact little thriller about an averted crisis of global proportions, but he instead chose to "get into the minds" of his subjects. And what a bore that became. There were only two redeeming aspects of this book: one was the description of the African, human Ebola victims, and the other was the description of the virus itself, although, again, both were sabotaged by Preston's inability to write. I wish I could say that this book moved me in ways other than to reverse my peristalsis, but I can't. Preston's ornate metaphors that pepper almost every page of this book are tiresome and unnecessary; he had the chance to write a compact little thriller about an averted crisis of global proportions, but he instead chose to "get into the minds" of his subjects. And what a bore that became. There were only two redeeming aspects of this book: one was the description of the African, human Ebola victims, and the other was the description of the virus itself, although, again, both were sabotaged by Preston's inability to write. If you want to know something about Ebola, go get An Idiot's Guide to Dangerous Diseases and Epidemics. If you're pining for the namby-pambiness of the Human Element, read The Hot Zone. Personally, I like to avoid rereading the Uncle Tom's Cabins of scientific accounting
 This book was advertised as though it would be valuable for any professional. This is absolutely not the case. This book covers very, very basic guidelines and does so in an overview type fashion. I would recommend this book for college graduates or those who are employed at entry level jobs and are seeking advancement
 As a strong proponent of attachment parenting and a rather radical unschooler, this book was a BIG disappointment!!! I bought this book after reading the reviews and wish I hadn't paid more than $1 for it. While the title "The Unprocessed Child" accurately describes Laurie's upbringing, this book shouldn't be grouped with other unschooling literature. The author, while cherishing the close bond she has with her daughter, reminds me of the mother in "Love You Forever" who sneaks across town and climbs into her grown son's room at night to spend time with him--sweet but a bit creepy. The fact that she admits that she even went to college at the same time as her daughter so she could spend more time with Laurie pretty much says it all. The mother clearly has her own issues that I hope she allows herself to work through and heal from now that she's not spending 24/7 with her only child. We have been unschooling each of our four children since birth --challenging temperments and all--and I feel very privileged to spend so much time with them as they discover how exciting it is to decode and discover the world around them. If you want to read a GOOD book about unschooling without unsupported platitudes and preaching in almost every chapter, I would recommend "Homeschooling our Children, Unschooling Ourselves". Those authors offer more balance and eloquence than Ms. Fitzenreiter.
 Sheer and utter.  This hardly can be called a work of fiction.  Had this been his first work, I could understand the grammatical mistakes, but this is inexcuseable.  The publisher should be fined for this book and the editor fired
 This was my first reading of Jamaica Kincaid. She has a short, concise style, which made me often feel like I was reading poetry. However, I felt that it also had some downsides, like stifling character growth. In Lucy, the title character comes to America to be an nanny for a rich couple with four young daughters. Lucy watches as their marriage crumbles and tries to avoid turning into her own mother, who for some reason she hates. I wish we knew a bit more about Lucy, like why she hated her homeland so much. It was  an alright quick read, but had it been longer, I doubted it would have held my attention
 Hmmm. I'm struggling to give Agatha Christie such a low rating. She wrote the kind of mysteries that you could sink your teeth into. Not quick reads, but very methodical with lots of character development. I don't always feel very motivated to get through some of those slow-moving chapters, but I always do it knowing that I will be rewarded with a great ending. Christie was great at spinning scenarios designed to shock the reader when the &quot;who, where and why&quot; were finally revealed in the end. I was shocked again at the end of this book - not because I didn't know who the killer was, but actually because I already knew who and how. I tried to convince myself for awhile that it had to be someone else because it was just too obvious. Very disappointing. Christie books I would recommend instead - ABC murders, And Then There Were None and Murder of Roger Ackroyd
 Dr. Northrup provides women with practical information about their bodies, stages of life and medical procedures.  However, I was appalled by her bias against Western cultural heritage and Christianity.  Her views on those topics were extremely unbalanced, with no acknowledgement of their positive contributions to culture and women.  As a Catholic whose best teachers were strong-minded, compassionate religious sisters, I felt offended by her slur against nuns.  I am aware that not everyone feels the same way about their religious upbringing, but I would expect an academic to strive for some balance in their research. 
 Ive read mixed reviews on this book and though i had to make my own mind up. I first bought the book, 120pages later i realised that i had no clue what was going on, so i bought the audiobook (5 hours later i was still thinking what the hell is going on). Now im stephen kings No1 fan and have loved the majority of his work, the talisman for me was a fantastic bolt on to the dark tower quest. So naturally i thought this would be the same.The book is one of the slowest drawn out books ive ever came accross, not a patch on previous work. I forced myself through the book expecting more, and im sorry to say this one doesnt deliver on any horror, excitment etc, do yourself a favour, get a tin of paint and watch it dry - more happens in that and at a much quicker pace than it does in this book.This book is for die hard fans only... but even diehards will find this a chore
 The book is interesting, and well written. It contains little unique or scarcely known or understood information. Novice runners might like it and get more from it than experienced runners.
 I read this book because my English Professor spoke highly of it. I would call it a collection of stupid and hypocritical opinions and ideas. So why did your bridge fall down Mr. Engineer? Oh, I dropped my structural steel class so I could do a course in another language. I don't think it's right to criticize something like a college degree if a person doesn't even possess one. Actually I think that something like a college degree would be a great start before writing a book like this. It might decrease the chances of writing a book as stupid as this one. This book insulted my intelligence and I wouldn't even recommend it for a laugh
 I have a book of Ross' by the same title, but the cover is different (remake?) but most of my problems with his theology come from his advocation of the "big bang theory" which has numerous scientific problems (quantized redshifts to name one) and serious theological implications.  If the big bang were true, then there were animals before man. Animals that lived and died.  The Bible says that man's sin is the reason why we die and suffer.  If death was around before sin ("For the wages of sin is death") then what good would Jesus' death on the cross have been
 I'm sorry, but I expect more out of a book. Beginning on page one the character development was infantile and the writing sophomoric. After reading beautiful books such as Cold Mountain and Brideshead Revisited, to mention just two, I found that this book started off so poorly and was so amateurish that I knew it would be a plot-driven monstrosity that wouldn't be worth the read. At page four I was fed up with the author's style and slammed the book shut
 I was excited to see the book with recipes for the "14 Super Foods" after reading Steven Pratt's book, but was very disappointed.  Yes, the recipes do use the "14 Super Foods", but also use such ingredients as shortening, Cheez Whiz, and yellow cake mix - hardly healthy!  If you are interested in eating good, healthy meals made with the "14 Super Foods", don't buy this book
 This year, 60% of college entries will be female.  Look at this spring's honor role listings.  Last year, 78% of honor role members in my community were female.  Schools are fails boys - not girls.This year, 60% of college entries will be female.  Look at this spring's honor role listings.  Last year, 78% of honor role members in my community were female.  Schools are fails boys - not girls.If you wish to waste your time on a politically correct diatribe that is full of anecdotal and subjective pap, then get this book.  If you want to really improve the quality of education, there are thousands of reads better than this
