 This was a defective unit. Got new unit and it works as expected
 The den of horrors that is the Magellan car bracket requires you to have this power cord. If you don't then you will be fighting to change batteries and remount your GPS and that is no fun at all.I have used mine for over six months and it works without a hitch. A nice improvement would be a retractable cord facility so that you don't have excess cordage lying around your dashboard. Right now I loop the excess around the steering wheel but then again I never change the adjustment on the steering wheel so no problem with the wire getting caught up in the adjusting mechanism. Others may run into this problem. The alternative is a shorter wire but then it would make the power unit useless for some vehicles. A minor hitch but not earthshaking.
 Pluged it in and good to go, I skipped the installation disk in fear of what nonsense is loaded on that... went to the admin screen, a little overwhelmed with ALL the features, it could be more stremlined, for a novice user they would be entirely lost, perhaps that is whats on the install disk (easier setup), but my experience self, got through just fine, enabled the maximum security features (more so then the easy setup button, which itself is good but does not suffice my network requirments).Pluged it in and good to go, I skipped the installation disk in fear of what nonsense is loaded on that... went to the admin screen, a little overwhelmed with ALL the features, it could be more stremlined, for a novice user they would be entirely lost, perhaps that is whats on the install disk (easier setup), but my experience self, got through just fine, enabled the maximum security features (more so then the easy setup button, which itself is good but does not suffice my network requirments).Heard lots of issues, was weary, but out of the box works great, no issues, no dropped connections. And for that reason, since it works I do NOT intend to flash the firmware to the latest, as the saying goes if it isnt boke don't fix it.Heard lots of issues, was weary, but out of the box works great, no issues, no dropped connections. And for that reason, since it works I do NOT intend to flash the firmware to the latest, as the saying goes if it isnt boke don't fix it.BTW home network is a mix of print server, wired PC, wireless Apple powerbook, everything running smoothly
 I'm glad that I bought the carry case with my Garmin eTrex, because it has kept it clean and easy to hold and carry.  I haven't used the belt clip yet, but I liked that option
 After reading the online reviews of this product vs. the portable product I went with this one. Portability is not much of a need, I plan on being around a power outlet. The sound is in line with a radio/boom box of the same size and it's about the same weight. I have a lot of trees around my house so I have to extend the antenna several feet out the back door in order to get a good signal. Keep that in mind if you have signal issues with your satellite unit. I have my unit placed next to the back door in the kitchen and I can hear it all over the first floor of my home. So far I'm happy that I bought it
 I was surprised at the sound quality of this small speaker system.  I purchased it to use in my bedroom on my nightstand and am very pleased.  You can hear the music in several other rooms if the volume is turned up, without distortion.I was surprised at the sound quality of this small speaker system.  I purchased it to use in my bedroom on my nightstand and am very pleased.  You can hear the music in several other rooms if the volume is turned up, without distortion.I am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend the speaker system to others
 This case is a veritable dirt magnet.  It attracts more lint than I ever knew existed on my desk.  However, it protects very well.  One thing I was worried about was the possibility of the hard plastic front of the case scratching my screen.  However, it doesn't even touch the ipod.  Also I worried about a loss of sensitivity for my clickwheel.  While it isn't quite as sensitive, it makes it more precise in my opinion, seeing as how I all of a sudden found myself at the end of my artists lists when I wanted in the S range without the case on.  This blue case even looks good on my black ipod, even though I was worried the color would appear muted.  It's still vibrant.  This case is a veritable dirt magnet.  It attracts more lint than I ever knew existed on my desk.  However, it protects very well.  One thing I was worried about was the possibility of the hard plastic front of the case scratching my screen.  However, it doesn't even touch the ipod.  Also I worried about a loss of sensitivity for my clickwheel.  While it isn't quite as sensitive, it makes it more precise in my opinion, seeing as how I all of a sudden found myself at the end of my artists lists when I wanted in the S range without the case on.  This blue case even looks good on my black ipod, even though I was worried the color would appear muted.  It's still vibrant.  One complaint that some have already brought up is the covered hold button.  Truthfully this doesn't bother me, because I have long enough fingernails to dig in and push the button.  But those without could have a great deal of difficulty.  Also, the hole for the headset isn't quite large enough, and sometimes my headphones will pop out (I'm not using the earbuds that came with the ipod, so I do not know how those would fare).  One complaint that some have already brought up is the covered hold button.  Truthfully this doesn't bother me, because I have long enough fingernails to dig in and push the button.  But those without could have a great deal of difficulty.  Also, the hole for the headset isn't quite large enough, and sometimes my headphones will pop out (I'm not using the earbuds that came with the ipod, so I do not know how those would fare).  Overall, it's a great case that you won't lose your grip on.  It protects well, and you never have to take it off, even to plug it in.  I would recommend it, though it is a bit pricy.    Overall, it's a great case that you won't lose your grip on.  It protects well, and you never have to take it off, even to plug it in.  I would recommend it, though it is a bit pricy.    In a bit of an update, with this case on, my iPod survived a ferret attack, with only one little tiny puncture mark on the outside of the case.  I think this case is well worth the money.  My iPod could have been destroyed, but it's perfect
 Printers have gotten inexpensive.  Let's face it; the game is, cheap printers and then the consumer buys cartridge after cartridge of ink refills.  I'm fine with that.Printers have gotten inexpensive.  Let's face it; the game is, cheap printers and then the consumer buys cartridge after cartridge of ink refills.  I'm fine with that.For the $149 Amazon price, this machine actually *does* do everything I need it to:  a fax machine for those rare occasions I need to fax a physical piece of paper.  A great inkject that doesn't consumer *that* much ink.  It copies and scans.  I have used every function, am pleased with them all.For the $149 Amazon price, this machine actually *does* do everything I need it to:  a fax machine for those rare occasions I need to fax a physical piece of paper.  A great inkject that doesn't consumer *that* much ink.  It copies and scans.  I have used every function, am pleased with them all.Sure, it feels a little flimsy; it is a small machine meant to do work that you are used to seeing a huge piece of hardware accommodate in a standard office.  However, it has held up well to some serious use in the past couple months, so that flimsiness isn't really even a complaint.  And I work from an office in my home three weeks out of each month, so I am more than glad I can reproduce all the functionality my "real" office provides me.Sure, it feels a little flimsy; it is a small machine meant to do work that you are used to seeing a huge piece of hardware accommodate in a standard office.  However, it has held up well to some serious use in the past couple months, so that flimsiness isn't really even a complaint.  And I work from an office in my home three weeks out of each month, so I am more than glad I can reproduce all the functionality my "real" office provides me.All in all, worth the money
 We bought this phone and two additional handsets eleven months ago.  One handset gave us problems from the start, but was promptly replaced when returned for service.  The system works fine in our 2-story, 2,300 sq. ft. home.  I did notice some reception problems carrying the handset into the closed garage with the base station upstairs on the opposite end of the house.  As a test I took the handset down the street about 100 yards away - it still got a clear dialtone to the base located in upstairs bedroom facing the street.  I like the features, including paging system, call transfer, and handset speakerphone.  Being able to have a phone at any 110v outlet location is a big plus.  I think the sound quality is very good, and the controls well laid out and pretty intuitive.  I agree that having to enter memory numbers into each handset is a drag.Overall I feel it works as advertised, and we'll be using it for a long time
 I bought this phone over 6 months ago and absolutely love it!  It has great sound quality.  I love the features it has such as speakerphone, caller ID, and it's phone directory.  The only thing that is not great about this phone is that the base and the headset each have their own memory and you will need to enter people twice-into both directories.  Oher than that, this is a GREAT phone.  I have owned panasonic and GE cordless phones in the past and had problems.  I even bought and returned 2 phones before trying and keeping this phone. 
 amazon attempted to  extort second payment for undeliverd items claiming they would refund late
 This FM transmitter is the bomb diggiti!!  This FM transmitter is the bomb diggiti!!  PROS:  The clarity it great and the fact that it has a long neck makes it the best!  PROS:  The clarity it great and the fact that it has a long neck makes it the best!  PROS:  If you own a Chyrsler PT Cruiser, you will love this device.  The neck brings the IPod even with the top of the steering column.  So it right into view on the right.  You don't have to look down or fumble for you I-Pod in between the seats.  PROS:  If you own a Chyrsler PT Cruiser, you will love this device.  The neck brings the IPod even with the top of the steering column.  So it right into view on the right.  You don't have to look down or fumble for you I-Pod in between the seats.  PROS:  Very stable once it is in the outlet.PROS:  Very stable once it is in the outlet.PROS:  GREAT reception!PROS:  GREAT reception!CONS:  Would be nice if it had a on/off switch on the base for those outlets that stay on even when the car is off.  The green light on the device my attract unwanted attention.CONS:  Would be nice if it had a on/off switch on the base for those outlets that stay on even when the car is off.  The green light on the device my attract unwanted attention.CONS:  I have to take off my protector everytime I use the IPod in my car
 On the plus side, it's a great value for the games that do work on the T5.  SimCity alone is probably worth the price.On the plus side, it's a great value for the games that do work on the T5.  SimCity alone is probably worth the price.On the down side, although Amazon claims it's compatible with the "Tungsten Series" that was probably written before the T5 came out.  Four of the games appear to act as "trial" versions, although it's impossible to enter the registration codes.  See (...) for an explanation.On the down side, although Amazon claims it's compatible with the "Tungsten Series" that was probably written before the T5 came out.  Four of the games appear to act as "trial" versions, although it's impossible to enter the registration codes.  See (...) for an explanation.Even with only 4 working games past the trial period, it's a good  buy.  Just know you're not getting what's advertised if you have a T5
 HP Premium Plus photo paper is the only way to go if you desire tremendous photos from your home printer without any scratching, scuffing or blemishes. I have tried less expensive paper from HP as well as other manufacturers. The difference in quality is obvious. If you want friends and family to think you know what you are doing, share photo's on HP Premium Plus glossy paper. HP Premium Plus photo paper is the only way to go if you desire tremendous photos from your home printer without any scratching, scuffing or blemishes. I have tried less expensive paper from HP as well as other manufacturers. The difference in quality is obvious. If you want friends and family to think you know what you are doing, share photo's on HP Premium Plus glossy paper. Jay Shahee
 Excelent, hard drive, good price and good time for seller.thanks
 I ordered one from an Amazon partner for $ .01 plus shipping, then with my A9 discount the price was even lower.  So I got one for less than the shipping cost.  True, the seller made a little on the shipping - maybe $4.50 not counting time.  Think how much Apple must be making!  The packaging didn't mention Nano so with a bit of trepidation I plugged it into the wall and my iPod and my Nano liked it!  Charging happened - it must have been made before the Nano came out.  As other reviewers have said, buy this one and avoid a HIGH price elsewhere
 I purchased the pouch & the carring case shortly after. I own more than one car and have four family menbers that are always on the go.The case holds the GPS, mount and all the different cables.The foam insert holds the GPS while still in the pouch or without.The velcro staps hold the mount & the ac cord.This way when you are looking for it,everthing is in one place.The case is made well and very plain looking on the outside,so not to draw any attention
 Very easy to set up, great product.  Picture is great on my samsung 50 inch plasma
 It is a pleasure to use this DVD player. The quality of the image is superb. It upgrades definition on DVDs and the difference is very (favorably) noticed. As compared to that obtaibed from a less than a year old Sony player (with HDMI), the difference in image quality absolutely huge. It is a pleasure to use this DVD player. The quality of the image is superb. It upgrades definition on DVDs and the difference is very (favorably) noticed. As compared to that obtaibed from a less than a year old Sony player (with HDMI), the difference in image quality absolutely huge. Yes, it is more expensive. But the extra quality is worth every penny; and then more
 I had a problem with my Sunrocket VOIP and I read that someone had bought this modem and that it solved her problem.  I gave it a shot and guess what no more dropped calls.  Thank you Motorola!!!!!!!!!
 I ordered the 4 meter cable which was pictured with 24 pin connectors and received one with 18 pins.  Found out that the missing middle 6 pins are used to transmit audio which my monitor doesn't support anyway.  Originally, the DVI-D specification allowed for both a video signal and an audio signal, but most manufacturer's have only used the video portion.  If you need a DVI-D cable, an 18 pin connector will most likely work since most devices won't process the audio signal anyway.  There are a few (very few) devices that do use all 24 pins, but with the advent of HDMI, nobody really makes them anymore
 Product came in as describe.  Super clear picture quality as it's supposed to be as Monster Cable brand
 I am not really a big tech person so I don't have the mega system hooked up to my computer and DVD/TV but I do know that since I got this I have been blasting my music like crazy.  I don't really mind too much that the power and volume is under the desk because I have enough space down there and all I have to is lean down...  Anyway I personally feel the only way it could be better was if there was a remote for it and it gets hella loud (considering its computer speakers) I don't even have to turn them all the way up to hear them when I'm in the shower so I am pretty much happy with them
 These speakers are amazing, I am truly shocked to receive something so sweet at an unbelievable price, amazon thank you for the hook up, my speaker system rocks.  My delivery experience with amazon was great.  Can't thank you enough, keep up the great service, truly
 I needed new computer speakers after my Cyber Acoustics died after only 3 months. SO i wasn't going to buy the same brand since it died so fast. I use a Mac i wanted some nice sounding speakers, but couldn't decide to go with either the Sound Sticks, Creatures, or these. Well since i am saving up for a new Laptop, i wanted to save as much money as possible. Plus me and my dad had bought this brand over 7 years ago and they STILL work and sound great so i decided to give these a chance. Well first thing i did when i got them was turn the volume up to Max and Sub base up to Max. (Yes i underestimated these speakers) When i turned a song in in iTunes i nearley got blasted out of my chair! I was supprised by the sound clarity was pretty good even at higher volume, and sub was powerful shaking my whole desk! I needed new computer speakers after my Cyber Acoustics died after only 3 months. SO i wasn't going to buy the same brand since it died so fast. I use a Mac i wanted some nice sounding speakers, but couldn't decide to go with either the Sound Sticks, Creatures, or these. Well since i am saving up for a new Laptop, i wanted to save as much money as possible. Plus me and my dad had bought this brand over 7 years ago and they STILL work and sound great so i decided to give these a chance. Well first thing i did when i got them was turn the volume up to Max and Sub base up to Max. (Yes i underestimated these speakers) When i turned a song in in iTunes i nearley got blasted out of my chair! I was supprised by the sound clarity was pretty good even at higher volume, and sub was powerful shaking my whole desk! Moral one:  Do not underestimate speakers my good brands even with low wattage.Moral one:  Do not underestimate speakers my good brands even with low wattage.I highley suggest these speakers for people who don't have much to spend or don't want to spend alot of money. If you want better quality i would go with Sound sticks or Creatures. But these look like they will serve me well
 The camera is perfect.  If using the camera for keeping in touch with friends and family this is the camera for you.  The picture is clear not to grainy.  The only heads up is lighting.  Try to use the camera in a well light area. We are stationed in Japan and use the camera almost daily to spend time with family back home.  The camera has added great joy to the family especially when feeling homesick.  The best part is the price won't break the bank
 Around here Canon ink is difficult to locate and expensive when you actually find someone who carries it. It may take a week or two to arrive using Amazon's free shipping option, but I get fantatstic results from my Canon Pixma MP780 (that I also bought from Amazon). Most of my printing is borderless 8 1/2x11 and the quality is always great. Definitely worth it.  If turnaround time is a problem, buy two so you always have a spare.
 Gave as a gift. Excellent value. Tune capacity more than sufficient, easy to use and sound quality is right up there. Must get one for myself
 Outstanding product as you would expect from Panasonic. Incoming calls loud and clear.  The scroll telephone directory is convenient and easy to use.  I do not like the "beep" sound when the hand-set is placed back in the cradle (it cannot be turned off
 I often have problems with memorex brand but have never had a problem with Verbati
 I don't think I would have used my i5 without this. I just wish it came with the GPS instead of having to buy it separately. Great to easily move my GPS from car to car. Highly recommend
 A great solution to theft prevention for this GPS. The legs fold up to make a compact unit that easily fits into the glove box.A great solution to theft prevention for this GPS. The legs fold up to make a compact unit that easily fits into the glove box.As for the grip on the dash, it works very well. There is a little bit of creep on slick dash boards, but it sticks better than the Garmin bean bag on my 2720.
 The reader is fast.  Example: I took 56-2MP images from my camera recently.  I plugged this reader into my G4, plugged in the card, the card mounted, I dragged the images to my Pictures folder, and they copied immediately.  No waiting.  I was amazed, because with my [MIA] USB reader, it could take a while to transfer that many images, over a minute.  A copy dialog didn't even pop up, because it transferred so fast.  It doesn't hurt that it's a cutie too.  5 stars
 It's a Canon product made for another Canon product -- how can you go wrong?
 Good printer ink, always try to use factory ink and these are with a good price. I bought all the colors and paper at the same time all good price and free shipping. Save gas driving to local stores
 Operation of the Sony DVPNSS550/B single disc DVD player has been straight forward.  Picture quality is very good, and the desired basic features have functioned without problems.  In other words, in the 2 1/2 months since we have owned this player, quality and reliability have been high.  Price too was very reasonable.  That means durability is the last quality to consider, which is why I have given the player a 4 rather than a 5.  There is no reason a machine like this should not be problem free for years.  But we won't know that for years.   
 These mini CD-Rs work great in our Sony Mavica CD Cameras at a cost of only .42 cents apiece
 This is a great multi-function printer/scanner/copier/fax machine for a small office or home business that has a light to moderately light document workload.This is a great multi-function printer/scanner/copier/fax machine for a small office or home business that has a light to moderately light document workload.Print quality is excellent, scanning quality is excellent, copying quality is excellent, faxing is faxing.Print quality is excellent, scanning quality is excellent, copying quality is excellent, faxing is faxing.The control software is fine; not great, but it does the job.  The networking features, including built-in wireless, makes this printer a snap to integrate into your office / business using a wireless network.  The control software is fine; not great, but it does the job.  The networking features, including built-in wireless, makes this printer a snap to integrate into your office / business using a wireless network.  Some concerns:  after heavy usage the top document feeder, used for scanning, faxing, or photocopying a stack of loose documents, begins to jam.  The rollers need to be cleaned to avoid this, and getting jammed paper out of the top document feeder is very difficult.   Some concerns:  after heavy usage the top document feeder, used for scanning, faxing, or photocopying a stack of loose documents, begins to jam.  The rollers need to be cleaned to avoid this, and getting jammed paper out of the top document feeder is very difficult.   However, the fact that this piece of equipment even has a document feeder for this sort of functionality is pretty good.  However, the fact that this piece of equipment even has a document feeder for this sort of functionality is pretty good.  The fax log keeps a record of outgoing faxes and you can re-send them easily enough, but you can't re-print faxes received; the fax log merely logs their reception, but not the fax itself.The fax log keeps a record of outgoing faxes and you can re-send them easily enough, but you can't re-print faxes received; the fax log merely logs their reception, but not the fax itself.Overall it's a good multi-function at a reasonable price with a lot of functionality built into it.  Would recommend to anyone who only has a light document load, with maybe the occasional large document scanning / copying requirement
 As long as I own a pair of these headphones, I will never use bass boost or a graphic equalizer again.  They sound PERFECT.  I cannot fathom a more balanced, natural sound.  These babies put you in the recording studio, or in the concert hall!  Bass is crisp, taut, and strong. You can feel it. Yet it is not overbearing or boomy. Midrange is balanced so well that you'd swear you were standing next to the lead guitarist, and the treble is so crisp and clear that you will rediscover the percussion sections of your favorite tunes. The folding feature is handy.As long as I own a pair of these headphones, I will never use bass boost or a graphic equalizer again.  They sound PERFECT.  I cannot fathom a more balanced, natural sound.  These babies put you in the recording studio, or in the concert hall!  Bass is crisp, taut, and strong. You can feel it. Yet it is not overbearing or boomy. Midrange is balanced so well that you'd swear you were standing next to the lead guitarist, and the treble is so crisp and clear that you will rediscover the percussion sections of your favorite tunes. The folding feature is handy.The only things to be aware of are the following:  First, you have to break them in.  They start sounding better after a few hours of use.  Second, they don't have an inline volume control, which I will dearly miss from my Koss KTXpro1s.  Finally, plenty of sound escapes.  So don't crank them too much in the library or at Grandma Edith's funeral.  The only things to be aware of are the following:  First, you have to break them in.  They start sounding better after a few hours of use.  Second, they don't have an inline volume control, which I will dearly miss from my Koss KTXpro1s.  Finally, plenty of sound escapes.  So don't crank them too much in the library or at Grandma Edith's funeral.  Other than that, you have no excuse.  Put your iPod's lousy white earbuds in the garbage disposal where they belong, and order these (or if you don't want to fork out $40, order the Koss KTX Pro titanium phones - which are almost as good as these, and definitely the best in the sub-$20 price range.) Other than that, you have no excuse.  Put your iPod's lousy white earbuds in the garbage disposal where they belong, and order these (or if you don't want to fork out $40, order the Koss KTX Pro titanium phones - which are almost as good as these, and definitely the best in the sub-$20 price range.) 
 Good sound for the price, and very durable. Discrete design. I prefer the "plug" design to other headphones. They don't fall out, and I can listen to music at low volume at home or in a plane, it makes almost no difference. Just be careful in the traffic ;-)Good sound for the price, and very durable. Discrete design. I prefer the "plug" design to other headphones. They don't fall out, and I can listen to music at low volume at home or in a plane, it makes almost no difference. Just be careful in the traffic ;-)The  sound is good, especially for music where the bass is most important, but the treble is also good for pop and rock. The middle range is a bit dry for e.g. classical music, but still good enough for an mp3-player. The  sound is good, especially for music where the bass is most important, but the treble is also good for pop and rock. The middle range is a bit dry for e.g. classical music, but still good enough for an mp3-player. I have two pairs.I have two pairs.
 These earphones are excellent quality. Noise that gets in from outside is so low that I can barely hear what someone next to me is telling me. In addition, the frequency response and quality of the sound is comparable to the much larger and bulkier insulated headphones. These earphones are excellent quality. Noise that gets in from outside is so low that I can barely hear what someone next to me is telling me. In addition, the frequency response and quality of the sound is comparable to the much larger and bulkier insulated headphones. These earphones do in fact rest in your ear. It can be slightly uncomfortable to put them in the first time, but you quickly get used to it, especially when sound is playing. In addition, the package includes three sets of differently sized earpieces including the default mid-sized piece shown.
 I just got my NANO last week and the minute I turned it on (before even transfering any music to it) I could hear a faint noise/buzz from the nano.  It comes on when the power is on and goes off as soon as I turn off the unit.  Has anyone experienced this with theirs?  My first generation nano does not experience this noise.  I plan to take it to an Apple store and try to get a replacement.I just got my NANO last week and the minute I turned it on (before even transfering any music to it) I could hear a faint noise/buzz from the nano.  It comes on when the power is on and goes off as soon as I turn off the unit.  Has anyone experienced this with theirs?  My first generation nano does not experience this noise.  I plan to take it to an Apple store and try to get a replacement.Just a bit frustrating when you plopped down the $250 and the new toy already appears to be defective.  Lesson learned for everyone else, if you don't have to get a new toy right when it comes out...wait...let them get the bugs sorted out first on new adopters like myself
 I have never been a fan of the Ipod. I have been an Iriver H120, H320, and H340 owner. I had a Toshiba Gigabeat and currently own an Archos AV500. The reason for owning a Nano is because of the size of the AV500. It is too big to pack around unless I am on the bike or have a backpack or coat on. The Nano solves this problem and other than not having a remote, (soon), I am very happy with it. It loads from Itunes very easily and I have had no problems with it not playing certain files, (and I would reencode them if there was a problem.) Apple, don't let me down
 The KOSS Pro-4AA's were not made for iPod/MP3 headphone users.  TO begin with, they reveal the low fidelity of MP3 files (compared with LP's or CD's).  Also, they require a 1/4"-to-3.5mm (or other) adapter in order to plug into most recent audio playback and computer equipment.The KOSS Pro-4AA's were not made for iPod/MP3 headphone users.  TO begin with, they reveal the low fidelity of MP3 files (compared with LP's or CD's).  Also, they require a 1/4"-to-3.5mm (or other) adapter in order to plug into most recent audio playback and computer equipment.These Headphones have been around a long time. Check out the old photos of the "Watergate" hearings from 1973/1974, and notice that the Senators & attorneys were all listening through KOSS Pro 4AA headphones.  Their longevity is mainly due to their extermely high fidelity audio reproduction. Unfortunately, their age has made them somewhat inconvenient for most listeners, since they are very heavy and a bit cumbersome.These Headphones have been around a long time. Check out the old photos of the "Watergate" hearings from 1973/1974, and notice that the Senators & attorneys were all listening through KOSS Pro 4AA headphones.  Their longevity is mainly due to their extermely high fidelity audio reproduction. Unfortunately, their age has made them somewhat inconvenient for most listeners, since they are very heavy and a bit cumbersome.NEGATIVES:1) Weight (about 3 or 4 times as heavy as most contemporary studio-reference headphones)2) Tight headband - as noted, the fit is fatiguing if your 'hat size' is greater than 7 1/2.3) The coiled cord is extremely difficult to replace (it's actually less expensive to replace the entire set of headphones of you can get a good discount).3) The coiled cord is extremely difficult to replace (it's actually less expensive to replace the entire set of headphones of you can get a good discount).POSITIVES:1) AUDIO FIDELITY. Unless you want to spend at least $300 for a set of headphones, the sound quality and fidelity of the Pro-4AA's is almost impossible to beat.2) VALUE. As noted above, for the price you pay, these are vastly superior to any other headphones that are comparably priced.3) DURABLE. My first pair lasted 30 years.  They were dropped and knocked around, and finally gave out when (It think) a voltage spike surged in the left earphone, fusing a coil.4) ISOLATION. THe paddded earphones block out external sound very well.4) ISOLATION. THe paddded earphones block out external sound very well.The sound fidelity is preserved over a wide volume range. These sound great at low and high volumes.The sound fidelity is preserved over a wide volume range. These sound great at low and high volumes.The biggest Positive (and the reason why I prefer to use Pro-4AA's for audio mixing, other studio applications, and serious listeining) is that they are extremely unlikely to be stolen.  Size matters: they are heavy, and bulky so they're not easily concealed; and since iPOD or MP3 players use the mini plugs, these require additional hardware.  If you just want 'jogging/exercise music', then these will not work well. If you want hi-fidelity at a bargain price, the Pro-4AA's are still the best choice around.The biggest Positive (and the reason why I prefer to use Pro-4AA's for audio mixing, other studio applications, and serious listeining) is that they are extremely unlikely to be stolen.  Size matters: they are heavy, and bulky so they're not easily concealed; and since iPOD or MP3 players use the mini plugs, these require additional hardware.  If you just want 'jogging/exercise music', then these will not work well. If you want hi-fidelity at a bargain price, the Pro-4AA's are still the best choice around.
 Bought this mouse over 3 months ago, and its still going strong. The batteries last forever (I've never replaced them yet). My only problem is that at times, I will turn off the mouse by attaching the receiver to the bottom, but it won't seem to turn off! I reset the mouse and then attach the receiver again, and this always does the trick. Other than that, very ergonomic, extremely smooth and precise.Bought this mouse over 3 months ago, and its still going strong. The batteries last forever (I've never replaced them yet). My only problem is that at times, I will turn off the mouse by attaching the receiver to the bottom, but it won't seem to turn off! I reset the mouse and then attach the receiver again, and this always does the trick. Other than that, very ergonomic, extremely smooth and precise.I like the solid feel of a slightly weighty mouse, and with the batteries, this mouse feels just right. If only it weren't for the mouse not turning off sometimes, I'd give it a 5
 this is a great little product to take the place of the builtin finger pad on a laptop.....the USB just plugs in and the mouse is the perfect size for comfortable us
 I previously had purchased a different brand of wireless mouse, I can'trecall the brand, but it was awful (battery contacts wouldn't stay in contactand it was hard to use).  I was using my laptop at my brother's house and helent me his Logitech V200.  It was AWESOME! Just plug in and use!lent me his Logitech V200.  It was AWESOME! Just plug in and use!I went home that nite and looked it up here and saw that others had had similar experiences, so I bought one.  I've had it for about a month nowand love it.  The scroll wheel being able to lean left & right for sidewaysscrolling is a nifty feature.scrolling is a nifty feature.I recommend this product highly
 I have not used this device all that much but it seems to work well.It lives up to its claims. The "face tracking" feature is not always fast and accurate, but generaly works (in good light).This camera does require a significant amount of light to give good results, but then again what camera doesn't.Image quality is about as good as you will get from this type of device
 My first purchase of the Q9b resulted in a return as the display wasn't mounted properly within the plastic housing. This resulted in the screen being tilted downwards about 1/4" and made the viewing unpleasant. The screen also wasn't very bright even with the brightness controlled up at 100%. Having to disassemble the unit to place it back in the box required the base stand to be taken apart but that was next to impossible without breaking it. Suffice to say, quality control missed this one.My first purchase of the Q9b resulted in a return as the display wasn't mounted properly within the plastic housing. This resulted in the screen being tilted downwards about 1/4" and made the viewing unpleasant. The screen also wasn't very bright even with the brightness controlled up at 100%. Having to disassemble the unit to place it back in the box required the base stand to be taken apart but that was next to impossible without breaking it. Suffice to say, quality control missed this one.After getting a new Q9b replacement, I unfortunately had a bad pixel. After using the Q9b for a week now, I noticed some red aliasing between characters. The crispness of the display is fine but I changed display fonts to 120dpi to make it look better. The control buttons on the monitor are too small. The built-in speakers leave less than desired and useless. The Q9b does not have DVI ports. At 1280x1024 mode its fine for doing basic computing like web surfing and office applications. Viewing DVD movies at full 1280x1024 mode was difficult to watch.  At smaller sizes (400x300) was fine.The Q9b does not have DVI ports. At 1280x1024 mode its fine for doing basic computing like web surfing and office applications. Viewing DVD movies at full 1280x1024 mode was difficult to watch.  At smaller sizes (400x300) was fine.All in all, the Q9b is not a bad monitor for the price for general computing work
 You idiot, its not only for PSPs - the card can go in anything that has a memory stick duo slot [phones + cameras + PSP + TVs + computers
 After ordering non-OEM inks from several different places on the web (and having some problems with them), I discovered that Amazon sold OEM at great prices.After ordering non-OEM inks from several different places on the web (and having some problems with them), I discovered that Amazon sold OEM at great prices.I went to my local office supply store and purchased a complete set of 5 inks for my Canon Pixma iP4000 at a cost of $75.  Later that day I found them on Amazon at almost 1/2 the price!I went to my local office supply store and purchased a complete set of 5 inks for my Canon Pixma iP4000 at a cost of $75.  Later that day I found them on Amazon at almost 1/2 the price!Also, when it comes to OEM inks, I discovered that they seem to last almost 3 times as long as the generic and refilled versions.
 HP didn't make 13x19 paper when I bought my 13x19 HP printer. Way to go, HP. They may make it now, but I never check, b/c I'm totally satisifed w.this paper. Runs smooth and looks great
 Product was as described...reception was strong and weak depending on your location...was able to receive all frequencies..rated this a 4 instead of a 5 only because when the wind blew the reception would get fuzzy...could get annoying on a very windy day..radio is bulky and heavy..
 I have used GPS units from Cobra, Garmin, and Lowrance.  I consider this Cobra unit to be one of the best.  I started with the Cobra but it was stolen after a month.  Then I bought the Lowrance but it was too heavy and the mount was a sgood as the Cobra. I returned the Lowrance and bought the Garmin 340.I have used GPS units from Cobra, Garmin, and Lowrance.  I consider this Cobra unit to be one of the best.  I started with the Cobra but it was stolen after a month.  Then I bought the Lowrance but it was too heavy and the mount was a sgood as the Cobra. I returned the Lowrance and bought the Garmin 340.Advantages of the Cobra is that it has a large screen and a solid mount (despite its size).  The interface isn't quite as intuitive as Garmin but once you learn it it is actually better.  The traffic service is also nice (costs more with the Garmin).  The Cobra is the most capable of the GPS units I mentioned but overall I am happier with the Garmin because of it's smaller size and lower price
 The unit operates as good as any other GPS system available, plus it has a great big screen of 5 inches.  I am very impressed with the GPS, but the mount used to attach the unit to the window or dash is very poorly designed.  The unit falls off the window and from the dash, plus the power cord comes out too easily.  The unit deserves a five star rating, but because of the mounting system and power cord coming out too easily a four star rating was provided.
 I would highly recommend reading the BusinessWeek review on this product that came out on September 12, 2005.  BusinessWeek as reviewed all the major GPS navigation options on the market and ranks the Cobra NAV ONE 4500 as number one.  Here is an excerpt from the BusinessWeek article:I would highly recommend reading the BusinessWeek review on this product that came out on September 12, 2005.  BusinessWeek as reviewed all the major GPS navigation options on the market and ranks the Cobra NAV ONE 4500 as number one.  Here is an excerpt from the BusinessWeek article:"Cobra's NAV ONE 4500 and Garmin's StreetPilot 2720, which each sell for $800 to $1,000, use a more straightforward approach. The traffic info travels along with FM radio broadcasts from Clear Channel stations in 48 of the top 50 markets. An FM antenna and receiver pick it off the air and feed it to the navigation system.""Cobra's NAV ONE 4500 and Garmin's StreetPilot 2720, which each sell for $800 to $1,000, use a more straightforward approach. The traffic info travels along with FM radio broadcasts from Clear Channel stations in 48 of the top 50 markets. An FM antenna and receiver pick it off the air and feed it to the navigation system.""I preferred the Cobra, mostly for its big, bright 5-inch screen and its built-in radio receiver. (The Garmin receiver is $200 extra and needs to be installed between your car antenna and radio.) When you encounter traffic, a pop-up on the screen and a voice give you three options: Keep driving, reroute me, or give me a couple of new routes and let me pick one.
 If money was no object, I would prefer the totally wireless headset phone, however, this has been a great alternative.  I have TMJ, and activities like talking with the phone crooked in my neck, while holding my toddler, while preparing dinner, compound my pain...go figure!  I find that having the phone clipped on my hip with the cord hanging is kind of a pain, but, the product works great.  I have had no problems hearing anyone, nor has anyone had difficulty hearing me.  The earpiece is comfortable and easy to get on and off, even for someone with elfishly small ears like me! 
 I've owned this headphone for about a year now, and I've got to say, after going through multiple headphones, this beats all others I've tried. If this one ever broke (I doubt that'll happen anytime soon), I'll surely buy another one again!I've owned this headphone for about a year now, and I've got to say, after going through multiple headphones, this beats all others I've tried. If this one ever broke (I doubt that'll happen anytime soon), I'll surely buy another one again!Pros:Pros:- Comfortable to wear. The ear cushions are indeed comfortable to wear for extended periods of time. Even if you wear glasses, you won't feel uncomfortable.- Comfortable to wear. The ear cushions are indeed comfortable to wear for extended periods of time. Even if you wear glasses, you won't feel uncomfortable.- Clear treble, middle, and bass. You can hear all the subtle sounds in your song clearly. Even with completely flat EQ setting, the headset does very good job with sound (provided you increase the volume up a bit more). As with any headphones, take time to 'break it in' to have it function the best it can (it means, to leave music playing on the headphone for very extended period of time non-stop, about 24 or 32 hours).- Clear treble, middle, and bass. You can hear all the subtle sounds in your song clearly. Even with completely flat EQ setting, the headset does very good job with sound (provided you increase the volume up a bit more). As with any headphones, take time to 'break it in' to have it function the best it can (it means, to leave music playing on the headphone for very extended period of time non-stop, about 24 or 32 hours).- Sturdy wires. This headphone seems to have been designed based on recording studio-level headphones in this regard. The wire is very thick and long. Also, it's single wire format.- Sturdy wires. This headphone seems to have been designed based on recording studio-level headphones in this regard. The wire is very thick and long. Also, it's single wire format.Cons:Cons:- Ear padding is perhaps, too soft. This means it won't fully cover your ear area, and some of sound may leak out. So note that when you listen to your music loud in public places. Although, at first few weeks, the ear padding is relatively hard. If you are looking for a headphone that will ensure your music will never leak out, look into getting in-ear canal type headphones instead.- Ear padding is perhaps, too soft. This means it won't fully cover your ear area, and some of sound may leak out. So note that when you listen to your music loud in public places. Although, at first few weeks, the ear padding is relatively hard. If you are looking for a headphone that will ensure your music will never leak out, look into getting in-ear canal type headphones instead.- As some others have pointed out, tilting your head too forward or backward will make your headphone just drop from where it is at. So be cautious of your movements.- As some others have pointed out, tilting your head too forward or backward will make your headphone just drop from where it is at. So be cautious of your movements.- You might not want to wear this kind of headphone during summer due to poor ventilation. But this affects all closed headphones, so it's not a huge negative point.- You might not want to wear this kind of headphone during summer due to poor ventilation. But this affects all closed headphones, so it's not a huge negative point.- The headphone is quite big and on a small head, you may have a difficult time keeping it up on your head. The size of the headphone is designed for a fully grown average adult head.- The headphone is quite big and on a small head, you may have a difficult time keeping it up on your head. The size of the headphone is designed for a fully grown average adult head.That's all I've got to say, and overall, this headset is definitely worth your money
 I think everyone knows that these drives have become invaluable.  Mine has become a necessitiy between my computers at work and at home and any where I can get an open computer.  I have W2K at home with USB 1 and XP Pro at work with USB 2.  Never had any type of compatibility issue.  This 128 MB size is the minimum most can get by with in my opinion.  I plan on upgrading to at least the 256 soon.I think everyone knows that these drives have become invaluable.  Mine has become a necessitiy between my computers at work and at home and any where I can get an open computer.  I have W2K at home with USB 1 and XP Pro at work with USB 2.  Never had any type of compatibility issue.  This 128 MB size is the minimum most can get by with in my opinion.  I plan on upgrading to at least the 256 soon.The amazing this is that I have just removed my USB drive from a clean pair of pants that went through the wash and dry cycle.  And this was the second time.  I can't believe it still works.The amazing this is that I have just removed my USB drive from a clean pair of pants that went through the wash and dry cycle.  And this was the second time.  I can't believe it still works.Maybe I'll have to start using that ridiculus cord and wear it around my neck.Maybe I'll have to start using that ridiculus cord and wear it around my neck.Through away your zip and floppy disks and get one of these things.  Just make sure you back it up often
 I am very pleased with the quality of the product.  I have burned about a dozen discs and have had zero coasters.  After the rebate, the price was very competitive
 Hey, don't listen to those other schmucks. So maybe there are a few of these that are exceptable, but the rest just complain too much. I love this thing! I got it for Christmas, and now for $20, you can't beat that. I use a standard charger for it in my car, so I never have to worry about batteries. It seems that the best way to get it to sound the best, is work with your mp3 player or whatever your using (equalizer). I have also used it on my portable DVD player in the car and it sounds awesome! For the price, I highly recommend this product
 I've used the keyboard/mouse for a little over a month now and have generally found it to do all I would wish. Of course, any wireless keyboard will at times not be as responsive as a wired keyboard/mouse setup, but this is more than offset by the lack of wires and the ability to pull the keyboard to wherever I wish.I've used the keyboard/mouse for a little over a month now and have generally found it to do all I would wish. Of course, any wireless keyboard will at times not be as responsive as a wired keyboard/mouse setup, but this is more than offset by the lack of wires and the ability to pull the keyboard to wherever I wish.The only drawback, and it is minor, is getting used to the fact that there are no lights on the keyboard to indicate when CAPS LOCK or NUM LOCK is on. I have to look over at the wireless receiver for this. Additionally, it would be nice if there was an option for the keyboard to be backlit. Yes, it would draw down batteries more quickly, but as an option it would be user selected.The only drawback, and it is minor, is getting used to the fact that there are no lights on the keyboard to indicate when CAPS LOCK or NUM LOCK is on. I have to look over at the wireless receiver for this. Additionally, it would be nice if there was an option for the keyboard to be backlit. Yes, it would draw down batteries more quickly, but as an option it would be user selected.All in all, a good wireless keyboard/mouse combination, and one I am quite glad I purchased.All in all, a good wireless keyboard/mouse combination, and one I am quite glad I purchased.Life is not a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well-preserved body. But rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming,But rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming,"WOW, Lord! What a ride!"
 I read about these headphones in a magazine and i was intrigued by the reviews. having a headphone fetish (odd, i know), i decided to order them seeing that they were relatively inexpensive..  this is a decision i am thoroughly glad i made.  these little headphones are absolutely incredible and they even outmatch, in quality, my larger studio-size headphones i have at home.  the bass is the best i've ever heard in a headphone, rich and deep and true. the mids and heights are also brilliantly emulated.  the mere fact  that it is portable with its own compact and innovative carrying case, means that you can take the excellent sound with you wherever you go.  i definitely recommend these pones to anyone who values outstanding quality in their music and games.....5 stars 
 After buying my ipod, i felt my stereo system wasnt geting anyuse. So I felt that instead of buying the Bose Soundock, which is about $300, your better off only spending about $25 and getting just as good quality
 I was unsure at first if this product would work with my iPod nano, but after checking out Griffin's website, I decided to go ahead and order it.  It works great!  I like to play Solitaire and read text files on my nano, so the battery charge runs down much faster than it would if I didn't use the screen so much.  TuneJuice means I don't ever have to worry about that again.  I just keep a couple of 9V batteries with me, and I can keep listening, playing, reading or whatever on my nano as long as I want.  Love it.-------I posted the above review on May 22, 2006 after having had the TuneJuice for almost 3 weeks.  Two of those weeks were spent on vacation and this little gadget got a *lot* of use.  I posted the above review on May 22, 2006 after having had the TuneJuice for almost 3 weeks.  Two of those weeks were spent on vacation and this little gadget got a *lot* of use.  Now, about 5 months after first receiving the TuneJuice, I'm about to order my second one - to replace the first one.  I still love it, and did get a *lot* of use out of it, but snapping 9V batteries on and off so many times caused the wires leading from inside the battery compartment to the 'snaps' that connect to the battery itself to break off. Despite that, I feel like I got my money's worth and I'm buying another one
 I have been using my Sandisk player with no problems downloading songs or pictures. I have also made some observations that makes this player function more efficently.-use MTP music files because they use less file space.-adjust the file size on pictures to use less memory.-use the Speck toughskin case to protect display window (extra).-use the AC Sandisk USB charger instead of the computer USB port(extra).I do not use the raio or the video settings because of no interest, and the large amount of memory the video consummes.This player does fine using the earphones or hooked up to a audio center.This player does fine using the earphones or hooked up to a audio center.I think that the 2MG card will be on my list of upgrades.I think that the 2MG card will be on my list of upgrades.The only upgrade I am made was to buy a better set of earphones. I did not like the pair supplied with the unit. My earphones have a volume control on the output cord which makes it much easier to control.The only upgrade I am made was to buy a better set of earphones. I did not like the pair supplied with the unit. My earphones have a volume control on the output cord which makes it much easier to control.I am not sorry about buying this item from Amazon.
 Pros: Easy to use, last for days without charging (depending on the use, of course... but i was traveling for 5 days and used it a lot without charging, and it lasted the trip), enough memory space, has radio, works as a recorder, smallCons: Stopped working, froze twice since i bought it 3 month ago. When it's on, tunes that i had deleted will still appear on my play list. If I hit play on such song, the player just skips and plays the next song on the list. Cons: Stopped working, froze twice since i bought it 3 month ago. When it's on, tunes that i had deleted will still appear on my play list. If I hit play on such song, the player just skips and plays the next song on the list. But overall i'm happy with my MP3. I'd recommend it
 I didn't want to spend the money on this either, but it IS better.  I really don't know why, but it IS. No question about it.  PERFECT picture and sound!  I have a Yamaha RX-V2700 receiver which has HDMI hookups.  I tried a HDMI cable that came with my DirecTV box (from my Toshiba HD DVD player) and it was seriously lacking. This hookup is MUCH better!  I have a Monster Cable HDMI hooked up to the new receiver that runs to my Sony 46" flat panel as well (more $ but....).  I'm finally satisfied.  I'm watching (and listening to) "Batman Begins" (In True HD sound) on HD DVD and it is superb!!!!  This is just awesome!  The stuff of fantasy.  You only have to buy this/these cables once, so why not buy the BEST?!  I highly recommend this move. 
 This remote will do everything you need or want. Simple to use and great customer service. I had a couple of "glitches" (buttons that didn't work quite right) when I first programmed the device, but the Harmony support team helped me through those areas. The changes needed are now permanently in my data area on the Harmony web site so if I ever need to, all I have to do is reload the info.This remote will do everything you need or want. Simple to use and great customer service. I had a couple of "glitches" (buttons that didn't work quite right) when I first programmed the device, but the Harmony support team helped me through those areas. The changes needed are now permanently in my data area on the Harmony web site so if I ever need to, all I have to do is reload the info.Like another reviewer, I also have a TiVO (2 actually) and the only button that wouldn't work on my Harmony 680 was the "clear" button. Customer service fixed that in a jiffy, too.Like another reviewer, I also have a TiVO (2 actually) and the only button that wouldn't work on my Harmony 680 was the "clear" button. Customer service fixed that in a jiffy, too.I have owned several multiple device remotes over the years and never had one so good that I could really put away all my other remotes. I now only use one - the Harmony 680. Fantastic device! I'd give it 6 stars if I could
 I paid about a dollar for this holder. Holds and protects the iPaq nicely. Can hold some credit cards as well as ID. Overall a decent product for a low price
 This is perfect for anyone who travels with a laptop. It's small and fits nicely next to the ac adapter in my laptop case. It protects my laptop from surges through the AC outlet and phone jacks. I have been pleased with APC  products for about six years. They provide excellent customer support. I  highly recommend their products
 It also seems like the product goes a long way and will last a long time. I've used it four times already on two different laptop screens and the first opened bottle (out of two that come with it) still looks almost full. If the price was a little more consumer friendly I'd give it five stars. I mean come on. When you can currently buy other computer accessories like a brand name 50-pack of CD-R's for less than $14, the profit margin on something like this is probably 200% or more
 I found this keyboard to be very helpful.  I am a graduate student and spend a lot of my time typing papers.  While my laptop can be used to type, when you type for hours at a time it gets very uncomfortable.  This keyboard is a great size and has a nice feel for long days spent typing.  The bluetooth is also reliable and allows me to get some distance from the computer if I would like without stopping the connection.  I would suggest getting a mouse to accompany it.  Overall, a very useful and reliable product that makes my life much easier
 I had it now for 12 months and no problems with it. Its tiny lightweight and great speed. My old computer has to work quite hard to recognize it, but my laptop has no problems. One minor detail.. You cannot hook too many other stuff on the USB at the same time.I just ordered another one
 Have been using them for a week now. Incredible sound for the size.  Bass is incredible.... mids are accurate, highs are accurate.  These are the way to go if you're using an MP3  player.  I use them with the Creative ZEN Vision M 30 ("The Ipod killer")  While walking, riding a bus or train in in N.Y.C. seals out external noise amazingly VERY WELL!!!While walking, riding a bus or train in in N.Y.C. seals out external noise amazingly VERY WELL!!!Pros:Awesome accurate sound / Incredibly light / don't protrude out of your ears / comes with "2 sets" of three different sizes of silicone  plugs / plugs are ultra soft, comfortable and fit perfectly / secure well built storage case / cleaning tool / barely uses battery power! / Not the yup-tard WHITE COLOR.... much cooler BLACK!Awesome accurate sound / Incredibly light / don't protrude out of your ears / comes with "2 sets" of three different sizes of silicone  plugs / plugs are ultra soft, comfortable and fit perfectly / secure well built storage case / cleaning tool / barely uses battery power! / Not the yup-tard WHITE COLOR.... much cooler BLACK!Cons:  None so far.Cons:  None so far.I bought them directly from Amazon for $75.99 with "free" 4 day ultra fast shipping
 Excellent sound, much much much........ better that the one that comes with any players, Zens or ipod.For those that have ever used safety earplugs in the industry, they feel like them and really isolate the noises.After that the sound is excellent compare to many others and amazon offers a very good price here.also good to have 3 sizes. 2 pairs of each + airplane adapter, case, cleaner, very good product.
 I just recently move from dial-up to DSL. Going DSL was not enough; I did not want to have cables running though the house so I started looking into going wireless. To make a long story short, after a little investigation I decided to make the leap into wireless technology. I purchased the WAP55AG router and the adapter cards, WMP55AG and WPC55AG.I just recently move from dial-up to DSL. Going DSL was not enough; I did not want to have cables running though the house so I started looking into going wireless. To make a long story short, after a little investigation I decided to make the leap into wireless technology. I purchased the WAP55AG router and the adapter cards, WMP55AG and WPC55AG.Once the WAP55AG router was installed and set up, the installation of the WMP55AG PCI Adapter on each of the desktops were simple.Once the WAP55AG router was installed and set up, the installation of the WMP55AG PCI Adapter on each of the desktops were simple.I had no difficulty setting up the hardware and software and with a few hours, I was on the net through the router. One desktop is running XP professional and the other desktops are running XP Home edition. I had no difficulty setting up the hardware and software and with a few hours, I was on the net through the router. One desktop is running XP professional and the other desktops are running XP Home edition. The LinkSys Web site has all the documentation you need for installation and setup. There is a "Knowledge Base" page that covers a lot of the products and answers to a lot of questions about various products and configurations; I found it to be very helpful.The LinkSys Web site has all the documentation you need for installation and setup. There is a "Knowledge Base" page that covers a lot of the products and answers to a lot of questions about various products and configurations; I found it to be very helpful.Pulled from LinkSys Web Site:----------------------------------------The Linksys Dual-Band Wireless A+G PCI Adapter installs in most desktops and lets you put your computer almost anywhere in the building, without the cost and hassle of running network cables. Now you don't have to drill holes in your walls and climb through the attic or cellar to get connected to the network. Once you're connected, you can keep in touch with your e-mail; access the Internet, use instant messaging to chat with friends, and share files and other resources such as printers and network storage with other computers on the network. The Linksys Dual-Band Wireless A+G PCI Adapter installs in most desktops and lets you put your computer almost anywhere in the building, without the cost and hassle of running network cables. Now you don't have to drill holes in your walls and climb through the attic or cellar to get connected to the network. Once you're connected, you can keep in touch with your e-mail; access the Internet, use instant messaging to chat with friends, and share files and other resources such as printers and network storage with other computers on the network. The Dual-Band Wireless A+G PCI Adapter connects you with Wireless-A (802.11a) and Wireless-G (draft 802.11g) networks at an incredible 54Mbps! And for added versatility, it can also interoperate with all the 11Mbps Wireless-B (802.11b) products found in homes, businesses, and public wireless hotspots around the country. And whichever mode you choose, your wireless communications are protected by up to 152-bit encryption, so your data stays secure. The Dual-Band Wireless A+G PCI Adapter connects you with Wireless-A (802.11a) and Wireless-G (draft 802.11g) networks at an incredible 54Mbps! And for added versatility, it can also interoperate with all the 11Mbps Wireless-B (802.11b) products found in homes, businesses, and public wireless hotspots around the country. And whichever mode you choose, your wireless communications are protected by up to 152-bit encryption, so your data stays secure. Features of the product:--------------------------------One adapter connects to either 2.4 GHz (802.11b or draft 802.11g) or 5 GHz (802.11a) networksAdvanced security features with up to 152-Bit WEP encryptionDetailed monitoring and performance utilityIEEE 802.11a, 802.11b and draft 802.11g compliant System Requirements (Minimum):---------------------------------------------200MHz of Faster Processor64MB RAMAvailable PCI SlotCD-ROM DriveWindows 98SE, Me, 2000 or X
 I am very happy with this mouse and would recommend it to everyone.  It looks good, but more importantly, it feels good.  Button placement, weight, smoothness, everything was done well.  Coming from wired mice, the lack of a wire is very freeing.  I am also especially happy with how small the USB radio receiver is.  I am using this mouse on a laptop and love how inobtrusive it is.I am very happy with this mouse and would recommend it to everyone.  It looks good, but more importantly, it feels good.  Button placement, weight, smoothness, everything was done well.  Coming from wired mice, the lack of a wire is very freeing.  I am also especially happy with how small the USB radio receiver is.  I am using this mouse on a laptop and love how inobtrusive it is.What's strange is I bought the S 530 desktop set for Mac at the same time.  The mouse in that set looks nearly identical (except for color).  However, it has a different weight and simply doesn't feel quite as comfortable to use.  It only fits the hand the same but once you move it, it lacks the same comfort and ease of use as this mouse
 Received this speaker as a replacement for the Advent AW-810 which did not work at all.  This one was much easier to install and calibrate!  Very happy with range and sound quality.  Highly recommended
 These are very comfortable to wear, and the sound is great.  I use them out jogging, and they stay put, without any pressure on the ear.  The tight fit blocks out any outside noise, so be careful around traffic, as you cannot hear cars.  I would highly recommend these to anyone
 I bought these Ear Headphones primarily to use when running and biking at the club. The sound quality is acceptable, not exceptional. The construction is a little flimsy and the big issue is that the cord is shorter for the left ear than the right. That places all the force on the left side and that one tends to pull out. I have no idea why Sony thought that this was a good design. For the money they could also have included a case rather than a clip for the cord. I would give these a B- good/not great
 The Logitech Cordless TrackMan Wheel was purchased in Sept. 2006. I have had this for two months at the time this review is being written.The Logitech Cordless TrackMan Wheel was purchased in Sept. 2006. I have had this for two months at the time this review is being written.I bought this to replace the corded version of the same item. The cordless works as well as the corded one. The trackball doesn't has quite as smooth a roll to it as the corded one did, but the difference is minimal. I wonder if this may be because it is new and the other one had had years of use.I bought this to replace the corded version of the same item. The cordless works as well as the corded one. The trackball doesn't has quite as smooth a roll to it as the corded one did, but the difference is minimal. I wonder if this may be because it is new and the other one had had years of use.I find the shape of the Logitech Trackman to fit the hand very naturally. It is also much less strenuous on the wrist than a normal mouse, which is why I use it.I find the shape of the Logitech Trackman to fit the hand very naturally. It is also much less strenuous on the wrist than a normal mouse, which is why I use it.I replaced the corded one so that we could easily move the mouse to different locations for use. This is for home use with multiple users, with different mouse location preferences. I took the corded one to use at work, where it still performs flawlessly 8+ hours a day.I replaced the corded one so that we could easily move the mouse to different locations for use. This is for home use with multiple users, with different mouse location preferences. I took the corded one to use at work, where it still performs flawlessly 8+ hours a day.I also have a Logitech cordless keyboard.I also have a Logitech cordless keyboard.There are two places where both these items could be improved:- Each one of these items needs it own receiver. It would save some of my limited home desk space if these could be combined into one unit.- I initially had the receivers out of sight behing an LCD monitor. I found that it was necessary to move them away from the monitor to get them to work reliably. This is a documented requirement in the owners manual, but that necessity takes away from the convenience of the wireless. The receivers, as stated earlier, take up space I would rather not spare
 We have a TrackMan corded model and loved it so I got this one for my work computer.  It works just as well as the corded one when I'm in my office.  For travel, the part you plug in is a little bulky so I usually leave it at home when I travel.  It's not a small, USB stick that goes in the back.  It's a long, corded, mouse looking device that sends/recieves the signal to the TrackMan.  I don't think they market it as a portable device so it works just as advertised but it would be nice if it just had a USB stick instead of the other for travel.  All that said, I love the trackball over a mouse so this is just perfect for me
 my canon 510 got glowing reviews just about across the board, but not this printer. i have very little space, and needed something small just for photos. so, even though there were many negative reviews i went ahead and bought it. couldn't be happier! colour fabulous! and when you print on stock paper you can use photo to do some extra artwork on. I LOVE IT
 Product nicely made , looks like quality product and performs fine
 My wife and I used the FR300 during the week-long Queens blackout this past summer and this little radio delivered. One 2 minute winding lasted for an hour on medium volume. The cell phone charger is cool, but it takes a lot of winding. The light is good in a pinch, but not particularly useful
 This map set met all my expectations, and was far more current than I had expected.  Software for turn by turn directions on roadways while driving works great with the Garmin Ctrex GPS.  Recommended. To load many states you will need large memory card, 1 GB. 
 If you buy this service plan, print out the contract and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, but looked over the contract intensely since I nearly got it.If you buy this service plan, print out the contract and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, but looked over the contract intensely since I nearly got it.Some notes on the contract:1. It is only good in the United States (including Washington, DC, but MINUS MAINE), but it does not include Guam, Virgin Islands, etc. So if you are in another country or outside the 50 states + D.C., this contract will be nothing but a waste of money.2. This contract is transferable and the directions to do so are simple.3. They will only fix/replace/etc IF the manufacturing warranty no longer covers the item. That is, if the manu. warranty is still good, you have to use it.4. If the item needs to be shipped, shipping/handling will only be covered if the manufacturer would cover those costs in their warranty period. If the item is being replaced, "You will be responsible for the delivery or cost of delivery of the covered Product to Our authorized service center. Reimbursement will be issued in the form of a check payable to You." I'm uncertain if that means you cover those costs or they reimburse you.5. No lemon policy of 3 service repairs for the SAME defect, and a upon the time of a 4th repair, as determined by them, they will "replace it with a product of comparable performance. Repairs performed while the Product is under manufacturer's warranty DO NOT APPLY." (Doesn't sound like a great no lemon policy... your product would have to breakdown in the same way 4 times in the number of years they cover you -- many electronics are typically already covered by the manufacturer for 1 year.)6. There are numerous conditions that they will not repair for, but they all sound typical of such plans (such as, they don't cover accidents and they don't cover "the elements or acts of God" ... sorry, I had to note that second one since it stuck out to me from the other things). But, in all seriousness, read the list before you purchase.6. There are numerous conditions that they will not repair for, but they all sound typical of such plans (such as, they don't cover accidents and they don't cover "the elements or acts of God" ... sorry, I had to note that second one since it stuck out to me from the other things). But, in all seriousness, read the list before you purchase.So, now that I have summarized much of the contract, if you want to get the service warranty, PLEASE READ THE CONTRACT SINCE I DIDN'T COVER EVERYTHING!!! (Don't hold me liable since I don't have much money anyways.) Also, I think this is typical in warranty contracts, but you will occassionally see the phrase "at our discretion" in the contract.So, now that I have summarized much of the contract, if you want to get the service warranty, PLEASE READ THE CONTRACT SINCE I DIDN'T COVER EVERYTHING!!! (Don't hold me liable since I don't have much money anyways.) Also, I think this is typical in warranty contracts, but you will occassionally see the phrase "at our discretion" in the contract.Assuming they aren't jerks with their discretion and aren't too tough to deal with, I would give the warranty 4 stars (minus 1 star for the crappy lemon policy). I didn't get the coverage because the product I was going to get it for had just made into the next price category (so it was pricy for my product, being at the lower price end of the scale)
 Easy enough to pop off the normal ant (RoadMate 700) and pop on this magmount version... and what a difference it made! Signals really are remarkedly improved. **HIGHLY** suggested for folks in hilly areas to nearly guarentee you'll get the birds
 A lot cheaper than model-specific docking stations, and 'does what it says on the tin'. Quite stylish too, as docking stations go
 We used the GTX600VP4 to stay in contact with two vehicles while traveling. The 5-watt power gave us ample range. Does it reach 18 or 20 miles, don't know.  But 5 to 8 miles between cars was not a problem. Range was somewhat reduced over hilly terrain and varied from poor to good in the Rocky Mountains. It's a great way to stay in touch when traveling. The batteries are rechargeable, both A/C & D/C. The ear pieces were very good for privacy. Very easy to use and well worth the price. A good investment.
 I was hesitant to get this, since other reviewers gave it poor ratings on reception.  Now that I bought it, I'm very glad I have it.  It does all the things you might want in a disaster, inluding a flashlight, red flashing light (especially if your car breaks down at night), a siren (if you're trapped in a building), AC, battery, and crank power, and multiple radio bands.  While some reviewers complained of not getting a lot of stations, in a disaster, you only need a few stations, as everyone will be broadcasting disaster news.  Between the AM, FM, TV, and NOAA bands, my radio will received a huge number of stations--many more than would ever be needed in a disaster.  (I didn't try the cellphone charging function.)  It comes in a carrying case.Only minor criticisms:  The case seems like an afterthought:  it doesn't hold the AC adapter; the knobs tend to turn the radio on when putting it in the case, and the knobs could get broken off if the case is hit (not that protective). However, it comes in a strong box which is perhaps better storage for everything.Overall, this is all you should need for light, siren, and broadcast information from multiple power sources in a disaster
 I just recieved my HDMI cable and am very impressed. The price is just what it should be about $5 and makes me wonder how somebody would spend over $100 for this cable at a store. The service was excellent and the cable arrived in 4 days! I highly recommend this cable. I just plugged it into my cable box and the other end into the TV and WOW what a great picture all around. The color is just so much more vivid using HDMI compared to component 3 wire connectors. Get this cable for your system and stay away from those high priced others
 This is the perfect keyboard ( I know cuz I am typing on it right now ) I recommend if you like media boards
 SanDisk has done it again.  They never seem to let me down with their products.  I was in the market for another memory chip since I kept filling up my smaller 128 MB chip.  The price was the deciding factor for me, as being a college student the financial situation was tight.  But this product was perfect, right price, excellecnt storage space, good name.  Get this product if you need more space for your digital camera
 Fast shipping, Very happy with the GARMIN. Their tech support is good..they answer all questions....WILL buy from AMAZON  again... will buy a GARMIn agai
 This is great!  My only problem is the knob for adjusting. It's to loose
 I bought this mouse originally as a replacement for a $9.99 mouse, and I'll never turn back. THIS MOUSE IS OUTSTANDING FOR GAMING. It's pretty damned accurate, and it easily fits in my hand. Good price, too
 I you own a SmartPhone, you'll need one of these. Also happy this came with an adapter card, to plug in the MicroSD into it to move data from my Mac to the phone.
 The SanDisk 1GB Micro SD Card arrived quickly with intact sturdy packaging.  I installed it in my Motorala RAZR V3m as expanded memory for my music library.  Be sure to remove the RAZR battery to clear the access slot for the Micro SD.  The V3m recognized the expanded memory without any problems.  I used Motorola Phone Tools to transfer my entire music library.  The program converts the mp3 file formats before transfer. The entire music library...a full 1GB...transferred reasonably quickly.  The V3m is slow to access "My Music" using menu function #3 under "Get Tunes & Tones".  Function #6 "Manage Music" accesses the library reasonably quickly and works well.  The new corded Motorola SYN1301B stereo earbuds work well in this configuration.  Sound quality is surprisingly good, but the large diameter earbuds are flat...not tapered... and do not seat very well in the ear canal.  The SanDisk 1GB MicroSD Card provides great value at a very reasonable price for full optimization of the V3m as cell phone with "MP3" player
 I upgraded from some speakers I purchased when I built my system.  The sound difference was wonderful.  It is a clean crisp fresh sound. Worth every penny
 Pros:Great battery lifeCompact, but not too smallNo extra dongleNo extra dongleCons:Included software is worthless, but you don't really need to use it$40 is a bit much considering that you can get cordless keyboard/mouse sets for around $30 nowaday
 Okay so it was about 8:45 at night. I was coming on to a 1/2 mile long bridge that goes over a lake where I live. I was doing 60mph, the speed limit is 40. As I start to approach the bridge I start getting a small K-Band warning. I instantly slow down to the speed limit. As I start crossing the bridge the warning keeps increasing so I slow down even more to 35 mph. Then it gets to full K-Band. I look to my left where there is a service parking area, and in the pitch dark I see the reflectors of the one and only Crown Vic Police Car. As I pass the police car, I start flashing all the oncoming cars to tell them that there is a cop ahead.  Okay so it was about 8:45 at night. I was coming on to a 1/2 mile long bridge that goes over a lake where I live. I was doing 60mph, the speed limit is 40. As I start to approach the bridge I start getting a small K-Band warning. I instantly slow down to the speed limit. As I start crossing the bridge the warning keeps increasing so I slow down even more to 35 mph. Then it gets to full K-Band. I look to my left where there is a service parking area, and in the pitch dark I see the reflectors of the one and only Crown Vic Police Car. As I pass the police car, I start flashing all the oncoming cars to tell them that there is a cop ahead.  If I didn't have this detector he would have gotten me doing 20 over the limit. Thank you Escort!
 This is my second Escort Passport 8500 X50. The first one is in another car. It saved me many times for getting caught though I'm not maniac driver. The detection range is very good, it gives you plenty time to adjust your speed before you see the police car. I love the blue color and it only costs $30 more than red. The only problem that I have experienced on my first one is sometimes I got laser false warning signals, especially on raining day with defog is on. I heard someone mentioned that turbo charged car can causes X50 Pop and Laser false warning signals, and my first X50 is in my turbo charged car. I'm not sure if Pop alerts were false but since it won't help much, I have it turned off. Overall, it's very good detector, you will get payback if you own one. 
 The best headphones I ever had, good fit excellent sound on my SoundBlaster X-FI!!
 I got mine to work in about 30 min following S Huffs directions below (followed exactly).  There was only one thing not mentioned that I had to do to get it to work.  Once you get into the settings on the range extender to enable WEP and put in the key and passphrase, I had to turn WEP back on on my router before saving the settings on the range extender.  Basically just put step 6 before you save settings in step 5, this is what worked for me at any rate.I've had it for about 4 months now and it has worked as advertised.  I gave it 4 stars because set up was still kind of a pain.I've had it for about 4 months now and it has worked as advertised.  I gave it 4 stars because set up was still kind of a pain.From S Huff: The tips that Anthony Taylor left helped me get it working... but I still had some issues. I've added onto his tips from his review below From S Huff: The tips that Anthony Taylor left helped me get it working... but I still had some issues. I've added onto his tips from his review below 1-Disable WEP on your Router or AP 2-Hold the auto-configuration button for 30 seconds(if everything goes well both lights on the expander will turn blue) and unplug while still holding button. Plug back in after 10-15 secs. 3-open your Internet explorer browser and type 192.168.1.240 (default ip of expander), a window will pop up. leave the user name blank and put admin as a password (this is default password). 4-make sure that the default gateway and subnet mask settings are identical with your Router or AP,change password on the expander if desired & save settings. (all settings should be correct due to auto configuration) 5-Enable WEP on the expander, once again remember use same settings that you will be putting in your router or AP in step 6 -- aka same passphrase), save settings again. 5.5 - As soon as you enable WEP on your expander - you will loose your connection to it as it's now setup for WEP and your router isn't - keep this in mind - drove me nuts. 6-Go to your Router or Ap settings and enable WEP. 7 - UNPLUG your expander for 10 to 15 seconds and plug it back in -- Bang you're DONE. Enjoy 
 Works with Ipod skin,no need to take off cover.Looks good.Has connections for Audio,TV. Cables and remote are additional. Included are  5 adapters for all Ipods that have doc connector. Paid 29.95 from Amazon including shipping.It is what it is.It's a dock
 This is a great storage device.  I use it to store documents to take with me when I travel and I keep it in my purse.  I love the lanyard, that helps me to keep track of the drive.  Worth every $$$ I paid for it!
 This is a very nice set of paper and envelopes.  The price is really great. The paper is a little lighter than the ones that cost almost double.  The colors come out very bright and the folding is easy.  Overall it is a good deal
 I have always had uniden cordless telephone and have always liked them.  I had purchased this one to replace my 2.4ghz uniden cordless telephone which would interfere with my wireless modem on my computer.  This one doesn't.  I also like the feature of the intercom feature.  My daughter has one of the handsets downstairs in her room and if she isn't on the phone, I can contact her to talk to her.   My daughter also likes the mute feature where she can put somebody on hold if she is on the phone to ask me a question so that person on the other end doesn't hear her.My daughter also likes the mute feature where she can put somebody on hold if she is on the phone to ask me a question so that person on the other end doesn't hear her.The phone has many other features but those are 2 usefule ones I like along with the caller ID
 I am extremely pleased with the purchase. I am using it in my office. Simple plug and play (no brainer)!!If I get the MIR the cost comes to $5. None can better that. Transaction with Amazon was flawless as usual
 Like most other reviews, I will agree and say it make take a try or two to get the right feel and the right fittings.  What helped me is when I looped the wire around my ear and put the earphone in.  Now it is crystal clear sound and a perfect fit.  Movies are amazing!  My music collection never sounded so good.  If you want to get away from it all for awhile, slip these babies in your ears and chill
 I bought USB rudder pedals and yoke for use with X-Plane on a Mac Dual G5.Plug and play (no drivers needed), easily configured in x-plane, works beautifully.Great price! Thanks Amazon! Shipping was 2 days early! Kudos to Fedex!I am a private pilot, and recommend this product
 I needed a simple solution for my office. I wanted to be able to use the phone, but not get tied down by the handset, or the headset. Here was my solution, Since the TS105B has the 2.5mm port for a headset, I purchased a Jabra A210 Bluetooth adapter along with this phone and used one of my spare bluetooth headset to stay on conference calls and yet be able to move around my office. So far... WOW!!! its worked out great. The phone is also good by itself, plus it was inexpensive through AMAZON. For anyone interested in going the route I took... you will not be disappointed. I needed a simple solution for my office. I wanted to be able to use the phone, but not get tied down by the handset, or the headset. Here was my solution, Since the TS105B has the 2.5mm port for a headset, I purchased a Jabra A210 Bluetooth adapter along with this phone and used one of my spare bluetooth headset to stay on conference calls and yet be able to move around my office. So far... WOW!!! its worked out great. The phone is also good by itself, plus it was inexpensive through AMAZON. For anyone interested in going the route I took... you will not be disappointed. Oh yes... you are limited to about 25 ft, or in my case as I work in a hospital where there are alot of other signals and lead lined walls... 15ft with max length at about 20 before you begin to hear static. Oh yes... you are limited to about 25 ft, or in my case as I work in a hospital where there are alot of other signals and lead lined walls... 15ft with max length at about 20 before you begin to hear static. The phone was a great buy, as was the Jabra A210 adapter.  
 I have had this TV since Mid-March 2006. I absolutley love it!! I did extensive research before I bought a large screen TV and found that this Samsung seemed to give you the most bang for your buck. I read some reviews saying that DLP technology was plagued with problems from the rainbow effect, especially in movies with lots of dark scenes and lots of moving action. One reviewer specifically said to try playing "Bourne Supremecy" to see an example of the rainbow effect. This was the first dvd I played on this tv and I did not once have a problem with rainbow effect. Overall I have no complaints with this TV. Samsung has produced an excellent product. I recommend either satellite or HD programming for the best picture. Regular cable comes in sort of grainy.As far as where to buy it, I recommend Best Buy. I originally was going to buy from Amazon because when I first looked they were offering free shipping. When I decided to buy their was no longer free shipping, so off to Best Buy I went where they price matched me with amazon's price no questions asked. Best Buy offers an extended warranty for around $400 that covers bulb replacement or any other problems. It will also cover the rainbow effect on the slight chance that you have any problem with it. Overall a wonderful product
 There is a little story before this:There is a little story before this:I bought a pair of Sony MDR-XD100's (they are full cup headphones) because I lost the earbuds which came with my mp3 player (Sony HD5). I took them out of the package and found that, even at full volume on the player, it cannot drive the headphones sufficently. I went to a few electronics stores then found the KOSS EQ50.I bought a pair of Sony MDR-XD100's (they are full cup headphones) because I lost the earbuds which came with my mp3 player (Sony HD5). I took them out of the package and found that, even at full volume on the player, it cannot drive the headphones sufficently. I went to a few electronics stores then found the KOSS EQ50.On with the review:On with the review:Yes, there is a slight hiss, but I find it alright. The biggest gripe I have is that whenever someone within about 2-3 ft (IE, on a bus or subway) uses a cellphone, this devices picks it up. You can get the same effect by using a cellphone next to an unshielded pair or speakers. I do most of my listening at home so this won't bo too much of an issue.Yes, there is a slight hiss, but I find it alright. The biggest gripe I have is that whenever someone within about 2-3 ft (IE, on a bus or subway) uses a cellphone, this devices picks it up. You can get the same effect by using a cellphone next to an unshielded pair or speakers. I do most of my listening at home so this won't bo too much of an issue.It also does a great job of amplifying the signal, it works very well, I can now listen to my XD100's properly (and they are very good!). I haven't used the EQ much but what I can say is that it is very, very sensitive. Raising the bass slider a third above normal makes a massive difference. At a half, my headphones start to distort.It also does a great job of amplifying the signal, it works very well, I can now listen to my XD100's properly (and they are very good!). I haven't used the EQ much but what I can say is that it is very, very sensitive. Raising the bass slider a third above normal makes a massive difference. At a half, my headphones start to distort.If your looking for a nice little EQ and/or preamp this is the product for you. It has its drawbacks though, mainly the problem with cellphone interference and of course, the hiss but it isn't too loud & I can live with it.If your looking for a nice little EQ and/or preamp this is the product for you. It has its drawbacks though, mainly the problem with cellphone interference and of course, the hiss but it isn't too loud & I can live with it.I reccomend this product if your looking for a budget portable equalizer or headphone amplifer
 This does what it's advertized too.  I like not having wires.  The iPod in my bag, and just the headset.  It would be a bit better if you could control the power on the ipod from the headset, ie turn off the headset, receiver and ipod all from the headset.  Instead, I have to get the ipod back out, turn it off, turn the receiver off, then turn the headset off.This does what it's advertized too.  I like not having wires.  The iPod in my bag, and just the headset.  It would be a bit better if you could control the power on the ipod from the headset, ie turn off the headset, receiver and ipod all from the headset.  Instead, I have to get the ipod back out, turn it off, turn the receiver off, then turn the headset off.Otherwise, the sound is good and the headset hasn't broken for me yet
 I picked up 4 pairs of these on Amazon, and have applied the CA and Nylon tape fix to the first pair (took about 10 minutes to do, let it cure overnight).  Headphones look ok, with just the right amount of Geekhood proudly announced afterwards (reminiscent of the last generation of Geeks with the tape on the glasses).  Sound is very good (better than most earbuds), they establish link quite quickly with the dedicated Logitech transiever, and range is outstanding.  My only beef is how long I have to hold down the power switch to turn them on, and so far I have not successfully established a connections with my Treo 650.  1 star held back because of need of customer applied ECO, and they are only partially functional with the Nano (can't use the advance track feature of the headphones)
 I am ordering my third of this capacity and have one in the 200 capacity range from Case Logic.  This is a great product and is manufactured well.  Holds the discs well and is easy to take them in and out.  I don't transport them so I can't comment on that.  Like others have said it is not easy if you want to move pages around but you can do it and it does make it nice for organizing as you fill it up.  Get this if you need a lot of storage
 This headphone extension is perfect!  It is not as long as described (about 15 feet) but that's O.K. with me.  The connections are tight (the plugs don't pull apart).  It maintains sonic quality.  It also retains it's elasticity.  Using this extension cord my Grado SR-60's sound better than any wireless phones.  You won't be dissapointed! 
 This is a pretty decent cheapo case.  If you want something that you'll use every day in the car or at your DJ gigs, then you may want to get something a little sturdier.  For my [archival] purposes, however, it works just fine
 Purchase/Service:Purchase/Service:For $2,200 at Amazon, this was a great purchase since it would have cost over $2,700 at a retail store (including tax and shipping).  Eagle arrived 10 days earlier than the Amazon estimate, unloaded the TV right to the TV stand, and after hooking it up and making sure the controls worked and the picture / sound worked, I signed for it.  And, Eagle asked if I wanted the packaging carted away.For $2,200 at Amazon, this was a great purchase since it would have cost over $2,700 at a retail store (including tax and shipping).  Eagle arrived 10 days earlier than the Amazon estimate, unloaded the TV right to the TV stand, and after hooking it up and making sure the controls worked and the picture / sound worked, I signed for it.  And, Eagle asked if I wanted the packaging carted away.Very pleased with the service part so far.....Very pleased with the service part so far.....My Set-up:My Set-up:S6187 61" HDTVSony AV and 5.1 surround (this is not a digital unit.....I wasn't sure it would work but there are three options to hook-up a home theater: 1) Basic connection; 2) Optical; 3) HDMI)Sony DVDMotorola HD-CATV box (We use Comcast)Sony VCRSony VCRExperience:Experience:As far as the tv, the HD channels look sharp and clear, however the non HD channels aren't as sharp as my 36" Sony CRT TV (there are several settings on the Samsung for 16:9, 4:3 and wide format; setting to 4:3 or wide for non HD channels improves the picture quality a little).  But it doesn't effect the enjoyment since I purchased this for the HD, and it blows me away.As far as the tv, the HD channels look sharp and clear, however the non HD channels aren't as sharp as my 36" Sony CRT TV (there are several settings on the Samsung for 16:9, 4:3 and wide format; setting to 4:3 or wide for non HD channels improves the picture quality a little).  But it doesn't effect the enjoyment since I purchased this for the HD, and it blows me away.The TV controls are simple to use, and the on screen menu's are easy to navigate.  The TV controls are simple to use, and the on screen menu's are easy to navigate.  The sound out of the TV is not adequate for surround sound, but I hooked up a 5.1 reciever and it makes HD come to life.The sound out of the TV is not adequate for surround sound, but I hooked up a 5.1 reciever and it makes HD come to life.I like the fact that you can connect components to an AV and/or the TV, so there is room for 3 additional components with my set-up.  I like the fact that you can connect components to an AV and/or the TV, so there is room for 3 additional components with my set-up.  I also hooked up my laptop (there is 2 connections for the video and audio on the back of the TV).  After changing the video settings on the Laptop (the mannual does a nice job for XP users), it was incredible!   I also hooked up my laptop (there is 2 connections for the video and audio on the back of the TV).  After changing the video settings on the Laptop (the mannual does a nice job for XP users), it was incredible!   The camcorder hooks up to the side of the TV, so there is no need to move the unit away from the wall.  It was a simple set-up, and again, the picture quality just blew me away!!!The camcorder hooks up to the side of the TV, so there is no need to move the unit away from the wall.  It was a simple set-up, and again, the picture quality just blew me away!!!I highly recommend this TV to anyome looking for a 50" plus TV
 The ink toner I received was exactly as described and was delivered in a timely fashion. 
 A very good in supply is obtained at all times without leakage of ink or smudging of the paper or clogging of the printer. The reason it is not rated 5 stars is that the ink supply is  utilized too rapidly and the expensive cartriges have to replaced too frequently
 This was by far the easiest computer peripheral I have ever setup! Works flawlessly with my Netgear wireless router
 It is remarkable that, even though there are hundreds of iPod cases in existence, none of them are near-perfect.  I tried four different cases, both hard plastic and silicone variants, and the iskin case comes the closest, protecting the ipod but at the same time not rendering the ipod less enjoyable to use.It is remarkable that, even though there are hundreds of iPod cases in existence, none of them are near-perfect.  I tried four different cases, both hard plastic and silicone variants, and the iskin case comes the closest, protecting the ipod but at the same time not rendering the ipod less enjoyable to use.The case is basically a hybrid of hard plastic and soft silicone.  The ipod first slips into a silicone sleeve, which covers every part of the ipod except for the earphone plug and the screen.  In addition, there is a hard plastic plate that is then inserted into seems on the front of the silicone case, and this provides the screen protection.  Due to the double-seam in the silicone, the plastic plate never comes in contact with the ipod, so you don't have to worry about it scratching.The case is basically a hybrid of hard plastic and soft silicone.  The ipod first slips into a silicone sleeve, which covers every part of the ipod except for the earphone plug and the screen.  In addition, there is a hard plastic plate that is then inserted into seems on the front of the silicone case, and this provides the screen protection.  Due to the double-seam in the silicone, the plastic plate never comes in contact with the ipod, so you don't have to worry about it scratching.The case even has a flap that covers the dock connector, preventing dust from entering, yet you can still use the universal dock without removing the case.The case even has a flap that covers the dock connector, preventing dust from entering, yet you can still use the universal dock without removing the case.The most unique part of this case is that it covers the clickwheel, but the silicone is so thin that it hardly impedes the scrolling.  Actually, I think it provides just enough resistance so that you will overshoot your target much less than with the bare clickwheel.The most unique part of this case is that it covers the clickwheel, but the silicone is so thin that it hardly impedes the scrolling.  Actually, I think it provides just enough resistance so that you will overshoot your target much less than with the bare clickwheel.The only real downside I found with the iskin is the clip that comes with it--I would not trust it at all, so I took it off.  It would be nice to have a better clip that you can actually use, and it would be really great to have an armband available for it as well, but as I said above, I have yet to find a perfect ipod case.  Like most silicone cases, this one does also attract lint in your pockets, etc., but it is not as bad as other cases.The only real downside I found with the iskin is the clip that comes with it--I would not trust it at all, so I took it off.  It would be nice to have a better clip that you can actually use, and it would be really great to have an armband available for it as well, but as I said above, I have yet to find a perfect ipod case.  Like most silicone cases, this one does also attract lint in your pockets, etc., but it is not as bad as other cases.Unfortunately, even though this is a great case, it is not readily available.  I couldn't find it in any store, and Amazon only sells it through Marketplace sellers.  I ordered from Applelinks, and they delivered it to me in four days.  Whatever you do, don't order from the iSkin company directly.  I have heard countless horror stories of people waiting a month for their cases.  They should re-dedicate themselves to manufacturing these great iskins and let others worry about selling them
 Ordered the ink cartridge and had it within 4 days.  Love the service at Amazon
 These are the BEST. PERIOD! Look no further.. because you will not find a better value in rechargable batteries
 i used canon ink and then decided to try one of the cheap imitations. it worked well for a few months and then my photos came out of my canon i900d with color changes. after 3 conversations with canon customer care, we decided it was not the printer, but the cheaper ink. i switched back to canon, bit the bullet on the price, and everything is fine. i found decent prices on amazon, particularly at eek industries
 this is a nifty very small musical device that I use when exercising.  its great - holds all the songs I can listen to and is so portable.  I really like i
 I was so happy with my Creative Zen Nano that I bought one as a gift.  I love the color choice and the sound is great.  Love the pause button. It came with a protective case that attaches to the arm band.  You do not need to buy one!!  Amazon delivered it in 2 days
 This printer was purchased for my wife's birthday and arrivedin two to three days. Considering money spent the printerworks quite well. Pictures come out very good overall. AnHP 95 or HP 97 cartridge is used for color photos. It containsthree color inks but no black. Still, photos will easily satisfy the average owner. An HP 100 cartridge can be usedfor black and white photos. Yes, the color cartridge must beexchanged for the black one when converting from color toblack and white and vise versa. Even so, we find the printerfun and very simple to use. Just keep in mind that the priceof ink will soon exceed the price of the printer if usedoften. What we do is use it for special occasions or whenthe grandchildren come over.the grandchildren come over.Gary 
 This is perfect for use in kitchen space and has incredible pictue quality
 I'm using Monster optical cable as well, but with different reasons behind. Anybody with a basic knowledge of physics or optics should know that under normal condition light is not susceptible to interference from  magnetic field or EMF
 Sound quality is very good, and I haven't run out of battery so far. The base is somewhat smaller than what I expected from the pictures. The handsets are well designed; on my previous phone it happened that the "mute" function became engaged when I kept the phone between my head and my shoulders - this did not happen with these so far. Speakerphone on the base is a nice feature and makes the phone usable even during power outages. Answering machine works well. Easy to copy phonebook entries between phones.
 This does exactly what it is supposed to do.  It is light, easy to pack, easy to use, and probably difficult to crack.  This does exactly what it is supposed to do.  It is light, easy to pack, easy to use, and probably difficult to crack.  (Though would-be PC pilferers haven't tried taking a hacksaw to my cable lock so I cannot comment as to its ability to withstand saws, blow-torches, or any other criminal's tool.)(Though would-be PC pilferers haven't tried taking a hacksaw to my cable lock so I cannot comment as to its ability to withstand saws, blow-torches, or any other criminal's tool.)Other reviewers baffled me as mine is as described by Amazon.  There is neither an alarm nor batteries.  Why bother with an alarm if the PC is locked with steel cable?  Seems like overkill
 I tried both Microsoft's LifeCam VX-3000 and VX-6000. Had 'em both home and ran trials with my Intel Pentium D Dual Core 3.00GHz CPU with 2 gigs of ram and, with both of those, the video lagged the audio (distractingly so). Spent the better part of an hour on the phone with a friendly Microsoft customer service rep one evening (got through on their toll free line)and he pointed me to new software for the VX-6000. Downloaded the 50 meg plus file, installed it, but the VX-6000 still produced out-of-sync video vs. audio when I created a simple 640 by 480 video file for viewing on Media Player or editing in Windows Movie Maker. I tried both Microsoft's LifeCam VX-3000 and VX-6000. Had 'em both home and ran trials with my Intel Pentium D Dual Core 3.00GHz CPU with 2 gigs of ram and, with both of those, the video lagged the audio (distractingly so). Spent the better part of an hour on the phone with a friendly Microsoft customer service rep one evening (got through on their toll free line)and he pointed me to new software for the VX-6000. Downloaded the 50 meg plus file, installed it, but the VX-6000 still produced out-of-sync video vs. audio when I created a simple 640 by 480 video file for viewing on Media Player or editing in Windows Movie Maker. So, I talked to some technicians at our company and then talked to the webcam guru at the local assembler that built my, I believe, excellent computer. All recommended Logitech when buying webcams. I then marched back to Best Buy and traded my $99 Microsoft VX-6000 for a Logitech Quickcam Orbit MP for BB's price of $139.95. You can find this Logitech unit cheaper all over the place, including, of course, here at Amazon. The package I bought included an inexpensive headset, which I haven't used so far.So, I talked to some technicians at our company and then talked to the webcam guru at the local assembler that built my, I believe, excellent computer. All recommended Logitech when buying webcams. I then marched back to Best Buy and traded my $99 Microsoft VX-6000 for a Logitech Quickcam Orbit MP for BB's price of $139.95. You can find this Logitech unit cheaper all over the place, including, of course, here at Amazon. The package I bought included an inexpensive headset, which I haven't used so far.Although I haven't tried the Orbit in a video phone call yet, from the moment I turned it on I had that satisfing good feeling that I bought a winner. Installed fairly easily with a couple of bumps. Got a "USB composite device has not passed Windows Logo testing" screen a couple of times..BUT..I received the SAME screen on, get this, the Microsoft cams! I just continued installing and have not experienced system problems so far.Although I haven't tried the Orbit in a video phone call yet, from the moment I turned it on I had that satisfing good feeling that I bought a winner. Installed fairly easily with a couple of bumps. Got a "USB composite device has not passed Windows Logo testing" screen a couple of times..BUT..I received the SAME screen on, get this, the Microsoft cams! I just continued installing and have not experienced system problems so far.The audio sync with video in making a recording is right on (remember, that was primary reason for taking back the Microsoft cameras) AND the picture clarity on my LCD flat panel monitor at the 640 webcam capture setting produced a gorgeous picture. Excellent detail and smoothness of video. Besides the superior audio sync with video, the Orbit MP is remarkably better than the VX-6000 and way above the $49 Microsoft VX-3000 in all other criteria too, in my opinion after comparison testing.The audio sync with video in making a recording is right on (remember, that was primary reason for taking back the Microsoft cameras) AND the picture clarity on my LCD flat panel monitor at the 640 webcam capture setting produced a gorgeous picture. Excellent detail and smoothness of video. Besides the superior audio sync with video, the Orbit MP is remarkably better than the VX-6000 and way above the $49 Microsoft VX-3000 in all other criteria too, in my opinion after comparison testing.The Orbit's special effects are interesting and fun. The pan, tilt, etc., excellent. The face tracking is vigorous and alive - fun to watch the little Orbit camera turn - but I haven't tested in actual live conferencing yet.The Orbit's special effects are interesting and fun. The pan, tilt, etc., excellent. The face tracking is vigorous and alive - fun to watch the little Orbit camera turn - but I haven't tested in actual live conferencing yet.All in all - for webcams, I'm now saying what more experienced webcam users told me - head for Logitech. They've certianly hooked me with their apparent superior performance. The Orbit MP is a keeper! Not going to waste anymore time searching and testing. And, my advice to Microsoft, you'd better talk to the outfit that bought your name for those Lifecams. I've relied on the Microsoft name on peripherals, keyboards, etc., and I've generally been very satisfied. But, in webcams, with me, the Microsoft brand now takes a back seat to Logitech.All in all - for webcams, I'm now saying what more experienced webcam users told me - head for Logitech. They've certianly hooked me with their apparent superior performance. The Orbit MP is a keeper! Not going to waste anymore time searching and testing. And, my advice to Microsoft, you'd better talk to the outfit that bought your name for those Lifecams. I've relied on the Microsoft name on peripherals, keyboards, etc., and I've generally been very satisfied. But, in webcams, with me, the Microsoft brand now takes a back seat to Logitech.
 Easy to operate and good focus. Just a little problem with tracking for the goofy faces but overall a nice little cam
 Garmin iQue M5Garmin iQue M5I'm very pleased with my little iQue M5 GPS/PDA.  While it's not perfect, it's pretty darn amazing. I had actually purchased a Lowrence iWay 350 GPS, but then my husband discovered the iQue on sale at Costco for about [...] more.  With the iQue offering so many more features, I returned the Lowrence and purchased the iQue.  With my husband and I both having the same machines, we can beam information to each other or send them over Bluetooth.I'm very pleased with my little iQue M5 GPS/PDA.  While it's not perfect, it's pretty darn amazing. I had actually purchased a Lowrence iWay 350 GPS, but then my husband discovered the iQue on sale at Costco for about [...] more.  With the iQue offering so many more features, I returned the Lowrence and purchased the iQue.  With my husband and I both having the same machines, we can beam information to each other or send them over Bluetooth.It has taken many hours of playing around with it to get to learn the device, as it isn't very intuitive and the manuals, especially for the PDA, are limited. My husband has spent a lot of time learning to use the GPS, and he's learning its idiosyncrasies as far as planning routes and getting it to avoid routing through construction areas.  It's very sophisticated and the maps are great - better detail than the Lowrence.  We purchased a 2 Gig memory card and downloaded the entire map database onto it, and there were still 300 gigs to spare.  I had no trouble downloading the maps or the Active Sync software.  The basic GPS functions are easy to use once you get the hang of it, the voice directions are clear and concise, and it re-routes quickly if you go off course.  You can plan your route in advance without having the GPS activated.  This is a good idea, since it can take up to 5 minutes for the unit to locate the satellites, and you can be on your way if you've viewed your route before starting out.It has taken many hours of playing around with it to get to learn the device, as it isn't very intuitive and the manuals, especially for the PDA, are limited. My husband has spent a lot of time learning to use the GPS, and he's learning its idiosyncrasies as far as planning routes and getting it to avoid routing through construction areas.  It's very sophisticated and the maps are great - better detail than the Lowrence.  We purchased a 2 Gig memory card and downloaded the entire map database onto it, and there were still 300 gigs to spare.  I had no trouble downloading the maps or the Active Sync software.  The basic GPS functions are easy to use once you get the hang of it, the voice directions are clear and concise, and it re-routes quickly if you go off course.  You can plan your route in advance without having the GPS activated.  This is a good idea, since it can take up to 5 minutes for the unit to locate the satellites, and you can be on your way if you've viewed your route before starting out.I used the GPS on a trip Stratford, Canada, and it was wonderful having the Canadian maps as well as the US maps available. I even used it handheld while walking to my bed-and-breakfast from the theater.  Every once in awhile there is a glitch (it said the theater was on the left, which would have taken me into the Avon River!), but it's generally right on target and I find most of the problems are operator error, such as turning too soon. The "Route to Home" feature is very convenient. Granted, the iQue doesn't always take you on the shortest route, but it will get you where you're going and if you're "directionally challenged" like I am, it becomes indispensible.I used the GPS on a trip Stratford, Canada, and it was wonderful having the Canadian maps as well as the US maps available. I even used it handheld while walking to my bed-and-breakfast from the theater.  Every once in awhile there is a glitch (it said the theater was on the left, which would have taken me into the Avon River!), but it's generally right on target and I find most of the problems are operator error, such as turning too soon. The "Route to Home" feature is very convenient. Granted, the iQue doesn't always take you on the shortest route, but it will get you where you're going and if you're "directionally challenged" like I am, it becomes indispensible.The car mounting bracket works fine.  It's popped off occasionally in hot weather, but generally stays put. The bracket would be easy to move to another vehicle.  The GPS would work in a cup-holder if you needed to use it in a rental car.The car mounting bracket works fine.  It's popped off occasionally in hot weather, but generally stays put. The bracket would be easy to move to another vehicle.  The GPS would work in a cup-holder if you needed to use it in a rental car.I've spent more time learning the PDA portion, which uses Windows Mobile 2003 2nd Edition. The iQue uses Outlook as its interface, so you'll have to have it installed on your computer. Not having used Outlook before, I installed Outlook on my laptop and spent some time getting familiar with it, which was helpful.  I've spent more time learning the PDA portion, which uses Windows Mobile 2003 2nd Edition. The iQue uses Outlook as its interface, so you'll have to have it installed on your computer. Not having used Outlook before, I installed Outlook on my laptop and spent some time getting familiar with it, which was helpful.  The PDA has so many functions that it's hard to even describe what this little machine can do.  It will organize all of your calendar functions and contacts, checks e-mail, accesses the Internet if you get a Wi-Fi card, recognizes handwriting, has a voice recorder, interfaces with other Bluetooth units, sends alarms, has Word and Excel, even has a couple of good games.  I got a separate SD card for music and downloaded a lot of songs, and the sound through headphones is quite acceptable (it has bass boost).  It uses Windows Media Player so you can organize all of your playlists.  You can download any programs that are available for Windows Mobile 2003, including TV shows and videos.  I never thought I'd find much use for a PDA but I'm using it every day.  No more little notes on scraps of paper or a separate pocket calendar, address book or even an IPod.  Everything is in one handy-dandy little machine. And even though it isn't that intuitive, once you've learned the basic conventions they translate to most of the programs.The PDA has so many functions that it's hard to even describe what this little machine can do.  It will organize all of your calendar functions and contacts, checks e-mail, accesses the Internet if you get a Wi-Fi card, recognizes handwriting, has a voice recorder, interfaces with other Bluetooth units, sends alarms, has Word and Excel, even has a couple of good games.  I got a separate SD card for music and downloaded a lot of songs, and the sound through headphones is quite acceptable (it has bass boost).  It uses Windows Media Player so you can organize all of your playlists.  You can download any programs that are available for Windows Mobile 2003, including TV shows and videos.  I never thought I'd find much use for a PDA but I'm using it every day.  No more little notes on scraps of paper or a separate pocket calendar, address book or even an IPod.  Everything is in one handy-dandy little machine. And even though it isn't that intuitive, once you've learned the basic conventions they translate to most of the programs.We've called Garmin Tech Support a few times and, although they are only open during regular business hours, we found American staff who are very knowledgeable about the product.  Since a good GPS will run at least [...], this was a great bargain at around [...]  We've purchased screen protectors and are hoping it won't wear out too quickly, as I've heard Palm Pilots tend to do.  I'm really enjoying the iQue.We've called Garmin Tech Support a few times and, although they are only open during regular business hours, we found American staff who are very knowledgeable about the product.  Since a good GPS will run at least [...], this was a great bargain at around [...]  We've purchased screen protectors and are hoping it won't wear out too quickly, as I've heard Palm Pilots tend to do.  I'm really enjoying the iQue.We've called Garmin Tech Support a few times and, although they are only open during regular business hours, we found American staff who are very knowledgeable about the product.  Since a good GPS will run at least [...], this was a great bargain at around [...]  We've purchased screen protectors and are hoping it won't wear out too quickly, as I've heard Palm Pilots tend to do.  I'm really enjoying the iQue.
 We bought this about a month ago from Amazon.  The product itself seems fine - we used it on a vacation drive from NJ to Myrtle Beach and back.  At times, it was a help (like when there was a traffic jam on 95 in VA and we needed an alternate route).  However, you definitely have to keep an eye on it as it doesn't always recommend the best or shortest route.  Also, it was missing certain stores, restaurants, etc. that had been around for awhile.We bought this about a month ago from Amazon.  The product itself seems fine - we used it on a vacation drive from NJ to Myrtle Beach and back.  At times, it was a help (like when there was a traffic jam on 95 in VA and we needed an alternate route).  However, you definitely have to keep an eye on it as it doesn't always recommend the best or shortest route.  Also, it was missing certain stores, restaurants, etc. that had been around for awhile.We liked that it is a PDA though.  My husband drives limos so he wanted a mapping device for help but we hope to load some games into it.  This way, when he has to wait around, he will have something to do.  We liked that it is a PDA though.  My husband drives limos so he wanted a mapping device for help but we hope to load some games into it.  This way, when he has to wait around, he will have something to do.  CONS: - You should be tech-savvy to get one of these set up- Match sure you get patches as unit will lock up- Manufacturer has DISCONTINUED this model.  They still offer some support but be warned that this is a DISCONTINUED model.- Since it became DISCONTINUED, it dropped in price about $60 two weeks after I bought it which annoys me somewhat- Will be spending extra to get bigger memory card- Came with EXPIRED Outlook coupon - why bother including this?- Came with EXPIRED Outlook coupon - why bother including this?PROS- Nice display and controls- Came with mount and dock (some don't - you have to buy extra)- We had no trouble with the suction cup mount (had to pry it off the window with a knife one time) but agree that most placement seems to block driver view through windshield- Also a PD
 This phone was an additional phone for the Model IP811-2 phone system used for Vonage. This system has every feature that I could want, including range and quality, there are no negatives. I am highly recommending this phone and system
 Not much said about the fantastic quality of the video picture. You wouldn't think that you would actually be able to watch video on a screen this small but the resolution and quality of the picture is amazing. I have shown it to an I-Pod owner and was told the video on this player is definately better than the I-Pod.The unit is not perfect, it does freeze occasionally, but the re-set function has always unlocked it. The video sometimes converts in a jerky fashion also. But the conversion software was able to handle very large files. I suspect a little tweaking might fix the conversions.Sound quality is great. Combine this with Sennheiser CX300-B Earbuds and you'll love it.This is my forth MP3 type player amd the extra money over the lower end players definately yields a better product. The previous player, Creative Zen Nano Plus 1 GB MP3, quit working the week the warranty ran out.Thumbs up on this one
 I purchased this cable solely to connect my GPSmap 76S to my HP laptop.  So far it has performed perfectly.  I have not tried to use it for other applications yet, so I can't comment on how well it would work in other situations. 
 I find this printer to be better than HP or Epson as there are not a lot of bells and whistles, just a solid printer that performs as I anticipated
 The zen micro is brilliant I have dropped it a load of times and it still works fine i've dropped it on the kitchen tiles twice, i've dropped it a few times in the yard and it still works perfect. I had to buy new headphones for it which made the sound quality much better. It is very easy to transfer files to it I always use windows media player to transfer files as it is easier to use than the creative software. I use it everyday and the battery lasts a good while for me.Overall the zen micro is a very good product
 I bought four of these.  So far they appear to work well.  They do not work with compact flourescent lights well, but are fine with incandescent bulbs
 I bought this screen as a replacement for my 8ms 17" Hyundai L90D+(which is a great low-priced screen for gaming), which was the replacement for a Dell fp2100 (that I gave to my wife). Anyways, this is an excellent monitor with excellent color reproduction and response times (more than enough for my flight sims). Movies are beautiful and the rather weird resolution hasn't been a problem. The design is probably the neatest looking out there (subjective I realize). The ONLY gripe I have w/ this monitor is lack of swivel (sigh). Other than that I'm very pleased with everything about this screen
 Wow...just got one of these at a great price, hooked it up to my Mac G4 via a DVID cable, and it boots up at native resolution (1680 x 1050) automatically - no muss, no fuss. Text is crisp and clean
 My favorite thing about this phone is that the caller ID captures 11 digit numbers (1-xxx-xxx-xxxx) which are then very easy to store into the phone book and call.  My old phone only captured 10 digits (xxx-xxx-xxxx) which meant I had to reenter everything manually because of course you have to dial a 1 first.  This new phone also allows me to toggle between 11 digits and 7 digits on the same number.  I put together my phone book just by capturing calls as they came in.  Very handy.  As far as being a phone, it does everything well and after a couple of months I am still as happy as could be with it
 This is the rockinest think i've ever seen or buyed dudes!!! check it ou
 This is my first GPS and I wanted a unit that could be used in a variety of environments such as biking, hiking, kayaking, and in the car to. I found this unit to be easy to use with a large display and convenient controls. Also the 2 times I called Garmin with questions I was able to talk to someone who is in the USA as opposed to a person in a foreign country which can be frustrating to some. On the down side to get the most out of this unit you still need to buy additional mapping software
 Ok.. here's the deal.  I've been an avid Magellan user for the past 3 years.  I love my Magellan.  I've never liked the Garmins because of their clumsy interface (the buttons placed above the display NEVER made sense to me) and how the menu structure was built.  Ok.. here's the deal.  I've been an avid Magellan user for the past 3 years.  I love my Magellan.  I've never liked the Garmins because of their clumsy interface (the buttons placed above the display NEVER made sense to me) and how the menu structure was built.  However.... We're planning a 2000 mile road trip from Utah up to the Oregon coast.  We needed something with expandable memory so we could upload more than one state map at a time.  My wife bought me the Magellan eXplorist 600 for Fathers Day.  I forced myself to use it for two days (and believe me, it was torture).  I could go on and on about why I sent it back.  What I ordered as a replacement was the GPSMap 60Cx.  Now keep in mind that I felt like someone who had turned to the dark side.  I couldn't be happier with my decision.  I couldn't be happier with my decision.  While I agree with most of the other reviews about the lack of base maps, and the expense of additional ones, this unit ROCKS!  It acquires satellites within seconds.  It has expandable memory.  It has a color screen.  It manages Geocaches.  It auto-routes.  It stores 1000 waypoints.  It has SiRF Technology.  It is a USB interface.  It has a belt clip.  It changes display contrast at night (automatically).  It slices...  It dices....Suddenly the Dark Side isn't so dark!!Suddenly the Dark Side isn't so dark!!This is a great unit that I would recommend to anyone. 
 I had been talking about wanting an MP3 player, but I did NOT want an iPod, as I heard you cannot add files in Windows format and that's what all of my music is.  I received this e260 4 GB MP3 player for my birthday in June 2006, and this is the first MP3 player I have ever owned.  Although there are a few little quirks, overall I am not disappointed and would recommend this MP3 player.I had been talking about wanting an MP3 player, but I did NOT want an iPod, as I heard you cannot add files in Windows format and that's what all of my music is.  I received this e260 4 GB MP3 player for my birthday in June 2006, and this is the first MP3 player I have ever owned.  Although there are a few little quirks, overall I am not disappointed and would recommend this MP3 player.Like many rechargeable battery-powered items, it required a lengthy initial charge before first use.  After that, the future charges don't seem to take as long.  The MP3 player plays for hours on end without needing a new charge.  Although I've never run it completely down, I have used it continuously for about 4 hours with no battery issues.Like many rechargeable battery-powered items, it required a lengthy initial charge before first use.  After that, the future charges don't seem to take as long.  The MP3 player plays for hours on end without needing a new charge.  Although I've never run it completely down, I have used it continuously for about 4 hours with no battery issues.I installed the software on my computer, and the disk is where you will find the owner's manual.  I was a bit irritated that there was no hard copy of the owner's manual, and just a few weeks ago it came up as an issue when my MP3 player froze and I had to turn on the computer to look up the troubleshooting guide (turns out if the player freezes you need to hold the power button down for about 15 seconds to reset it). I installed the software on my computer, and the disk is where you will find the owner's manual.  I was a bit irritated that there was no hard copy of the owner's manual, and just a few weeks ago it came up as an issue when my MP3 player froze and I had to turn on the computer to look up the troubleshooting guide (turns out if the player freezes you need to hold the power button down for about 15 seconds to reset it). It came pre-loaded with 20 songs, only one of which I had ever heard of (and it was one of those no-name bands that played once on Saturday Night Live).  Although my first instinct was to delete the songs to make room for my own choices, I decided to leave them on there until I need the space.  About three of the songs have grown on me a little bit over the past 5 months.  I currently have 517 songs on there and still have room for more.It came pre-loaded with 20 songs, only one of which I had ever heard of (and it was one of those no-name bands that played once on Saturday Night Live).  Although my first instinct was to delete the songs to make room for my own choices, I decided to leave them on there until I need the space.  About three of the songs have grown on me a little bit over the past 5 months.  I currently have 517 songs on there and still have room for more.As far as performance goes, it performs pretty well.  The buttons are a little difficult to get used to, as you navigate through the functions and the song lists by scrolling a wheel.  Not too bad, but when you turn on the player and it begins at the beginning of the list and you want a song that's in the middle and you have a lot of songs on there, you will be scrolling a lot.  As far as performance goes, it performs pretty well.  The buttons are a little difficult to get used to, as you navigate through the functions and the song lists by scrolling a wheel.  Not too bad, but when you turn on the player and it begins at the beginning of the list and you want a song that's in the middle and you have a lot of songs on there, you will be scrolling a lot.  I do not use all the functions that came with this MP3 player.  It has music, fm radio, photo, voice, video and a settings option.  I have used the music function and the voice recorder option, both with good results.  The only downside to the voice recorder is that you can't get the recordings you made off the MP3 player and onto your computer.  It would have been nice to be able to record things and sync them onto your computer.  As for syncing music files, I have not had any problems, although I did have one instance where it shows a song was downloaded, but when you try to play it, it skips to the next song alphabetically in the list.  I don't know what caused this.  Also, you can only store a song as one genre, which is a little annoying.  Be sure you have your genres picked before you sync because once the song is on the MP3 player, you cannot change the genre.I do not use all the functions that came with this MP3 player.  It has music, fm radio, photo, voice, video and a settings option.  I have used the music function and the voice recorder option, both with good results.  The only downside to the voice recorder is that you can't get the recordings you made off the MP3 player and onto your computer.  It would have been nice to be able to record things and sync them onto your computer.  As for syncing music files, I have not had any problems, although I did have one instance where it shows a song was downloaded, but when you try to play it, it skips to the next song alphabetically in the list.  I don't know what caused this.  Also, you can only store a song as one genre, which is a little annoying.  Be sure you have your genres picked before you sync because once the song is on the MP3 player, you cannot change the genre.It came with a headset, but I have never used it.  Instead I purchased some Panasonic folding travel speakers to use with it.  It came with a headset, but I have never used it.  Instead I purchased some Panasonic folding travel speakers to use with it.  I do wish the MP3 player had some alternate form of charging other than needing to be connected to my computer's USB drive to charge.  Another con is that a scratch of some sort appeared on the inside surface of the screen.  I can't remember it being dropped or anything, so I don't know what caused this, but it's pretty noticeable.  It doesn't seem to affect the operation, just the aesthetics.I do wish the MP3 player had some alternate form of charging other than needing to be connected to my computer's USB drive to charge.  Another con is that a scratch of some sort appeared on the inside surface of the screen.  I can't remember it being dropped or anything, so I don't know what caused this, but it's pretty noticeable.  It doesn't seem to affect the operation, just the aesthetics.Overall, the cons are little irritations to me and I would recommend this player to someone who doesn't want an iPod
 Pros: Easy to use, last for days without charging (depending on the use, of course... but i was traveling for 5 days and used it a lot without charging, and it lasted the trip), enough memory space, has radio, works as a recorder, smallCons: Stopped working, froze twice since i bought it 3 month ago. When it's on, tunes that i had deleted will still appear on my play list. If I hit play on such song, the player just skips and plays the next song on the list. Cons: Stopped working, froze twice since i bought it 3 month ago. When it's on, tunes that i had deleted will still appear on my play list. If I hit play on such song, the player just skips and plays the next song on the list. But overall i'm happy with my MP3. I'd recommend it
 I've never written a review, but I've relied heavily upon the voluntary opinions of other Amazon buyers, so I felt a really good product like the Anycom Bluetooth mouse deserves an unsolicited review.I've never written a review, but I've relied heavily upon the voluntary opinions of other Amazon buyers, so I felt a really good product like the Anycom Bluetooth mouse deserves an unsolicited review.I know experience and taste vary by individual, but this mouse is awesome from my viewpoint.I know experience and taste vary by individual, but this mouse is awesome from my viewpoint.Pros:Pros:- Bluetooth - connects immediately; provides smooth accurate tracking- Size - very portable; some may find it too narrow; I have a hardtime going back to a wider mouse- Battery life - I get at least 2 days out of it before charing and I'm a fairly heavy user- USB charge attachment - allows you to continue to work while recharging- Product Design/Quality - Nicely engineered; good quality material- not tinny - it's built to take abuse- Product Design/Quality - Nicely engineered; good quality material- not tinny - it's built to take abuseCons:- Haven't really found any - It took me awhile to figure out how to connect until I read the manual line by line (I don't tend to do that) then I realized it was pretty straight forward.- Haven't really found any - It took me awhile to figure out how to connect until I read the manual line by line (I don't tend to do that) then I realized it was pretty straight forward.- Haven't really found any - It took me awhile to figure out how to connect until I read the manual line by line (I don't tend to do that) then I realized it was pretty straight forward.If you're looking for a quality bluetooth traveling mouse this is the one.
 I was in the market for a new inkjet and finally settled on this printer. The photo output is awesome and it's very fast!I was in the market for a new inkjet and finally settled on this printer. The photo output is awesome and it's very fast!There are only two things I would comment on that new users might not be aware of. I was ready to return the printer as I thought it was defective until I found out what the problems were.There are only two things I would comment on that new users might not be aware of. I was ready to return the printer as I thought it was defective until I found out what the problems were.1) When the cartridges dry out, it will tell you that the cartridges are incompatible. This was confusing as I did have the correct cartridges in the printer. A "replace cartridge" message would have been less ambiguous.1) When the cartridges dry out, it will tell you that the cartridges are incompatible. This was confusing as I did have the correct cartridges in the printer. A "replace cartridge" message would have been less ambiguous.2) The printer has so far appeared "dead" once. When I went to turn it on, it would not do so. The solution is on HP's website - you must remove the rear door and do a hard reset. I did this and the printer worked fine again.2) The printer has so far appeared "dead" once. When I went to turn it on, it would not do so. The solution is on HP's website - you must remove the rear door and do a hard reset. I did this and the printer worked fine again.The printer does not come with a USB cable, but those can be easily bought for $14-20.
 I'm a skeptic. No, I mean I'm REALLY a skeptic... especially in today's marketplace (because nothing is built like it used to be). I don't buy anything without checking it out first, and even then, I expect that it's probably going to fail me when I do. Yeah, wonderful view there, huh?I'm a skeptic. No, I mean I'm REALLY a skeptic... especially in today's marketplace (because nothing is built like it used to be). I don't buy anything without checking it out first, and even then, I expect that it's probably going to fail me when I do. Yeah, wonderful view there, huh?Well, needless to say, I was pleasantly (and quite happily) surprised when this device didn't fail me out of the box. I've been using my speedpad for almost a year now, and I have to say that it has been by far more solid, responsive and intuitive than I ever expected it to be. I will not play a PC game without it plugged in now, that's how well this gamepad has worked for me.Well, needless to say, I was pleasantly (and quite happily) surprised when this device didn't fail me out of the box. I've been using my speedpad for almost a year now, and I have to say that it has been by far more solid, responsive and intuitive than I ever expected it to be. I will not play a PC game without it plugged in now, that's how well this gamepad has worked for me.Here are the ins and outs:Here are the ins and outs:1) Solid construction. As others have stated, this device feels very solid and is just generally "sturdy as hell". This, alone, surprised me. Not too many electronic devices are solidly made these days (not too many at all!)... so I'm glad to see that this one was. Belkin did an excellent job in this department.1) Solid construction. As others have stated, this device feels very solid and is just generally "sturdy as hell". This, alone, surprised me. Not too many electronic devices are solidly made these days (not too many at all!)... so I'm glad to see that this one was. Belkin did an excellent job in this department.2) Software. Do yourself a favor, when you get this device home, don't bother putting in the CD that comes with it. Instead, go directly to Belkin's website first-thing, download the newer version of the software (which is near exactly the same as what's on the CD, but updated) and install that *before* plugging in your speedpad for the first time. Do that and you'll have everything updated immediately with little to no trouble at all.2) Software. Do yourself a favor, when you get this device home, don't bother putting in the CD that comes with it. Instead, go directly to Belkin's website first-thing, download the newer version of the software (which is near exactly the same as what's on the CD, but updated) and install that *before* plugging in your speedpad for the first time. Do that and you'll have everything updated immediately with little to no trouble at all.I've had no problems with the software for this hardware (and that's generally the part I have trouble with the most). The applications (profiler and button editor) function perfectly, and macros are a snap to program. Kudos to Belkin's programmers on writing the software suite for this, they did a good job.I've had no problems with the software for this hardware (and that's generally the part I have trouble with the most). The applications (profiler and button editor) function perfectly, and macros are a snap to program. Kudos to Belkin's programmers on writing the software suite for this, they did a good job.4) Sticky keys. Most people have experienced this.. myself included. Being possibly a byproduct of the solid construction of the product, basically, what happens is the keys stick just a little bit coming out of the box. Though just "excercising" the device (pressing the buttons down quickly and solidly over and over) for a few seconds after plugging it in each time I went to use it cleared up this issue within the first week of using the gamepad, and I've never had it happen since. 4) Sticky keys. Most people have experienced this.. myself included. Being possibly a byproduct of the solid construction of the product, basically, what happens is the keys stick just a little bit coming out of the box. Though just "excercising" the device (pressing the buttons down quickly and solidly over and over) for a few seconds after plugging it in each time I went to use it cleared up this issue within the first week of using the gamepad, and I've never had it happen since. 5) Other buttons. * The mouse scroll wheel can be an annoyance, and I don't use it much at all because it's hard to scroll up and down with it (Belkin may just have made that particular button a little *too* solid). * The orange button above the d-pad also isn't that easy to press, though if you keep you pinky finger positioned on the side of the keypad for leverage, it's not impossible to press this button (in fact, I use it as my default "map" button in most of the games I play). It's perfect for those functions you use enough to need a button for but not enough to need an easy spam button.* I haven't experienced any problems hitting the 'space' button below the d-pad that others have experienced. My thumb taps that button as easily as it taps the space bar on a standard keyboard. My only complaint with it is that I can't simply twist my thumb a bit to hit the key, I have to actually lift my thumb off the d-pad to do it - and that's not much of a complaint at all, really.* I haven't experienced any problems hitting the 'space' button below the d-pad that others have experienced. My thumb taps that button as easily as it taps the space bar on a standard keyboard. My only complaint with it is that I can't simply twist my thumb a bit to hit the key, I have to actually lift my thumb off the d-pad to do it - and that's not much of a complaint at all, really.The d-pad itself is a godsend! I'm a true console gamer, having used nothing but d-pads for movement since all the time spent playing my old NES as a kid (and using a joystick before that with my even older Atari). D-pad is all I know, really. In fact, the one thing that's kept me away from PC gaming all these years is I've never, ever been able to accustom myself to using arrow keys or WASD for movement (and probably never will get accustomed to that either). For the longest time I was looking for a device that could allow me to keep the sensitivity of mouse aiming (to keep up with other PC players) while giving me an actual d-pad for movement... and that is EXACTLY what this gamepad did for me. The d-pad itself is a godsend! I'm a true console gamer, having used nothing but d-pads for movement since all the time spent playing my old NES as a kid (and using a joystick before that with my even older Atari). D-pad is all I know, really. In fact, the one thing that's kept me away from PC gaming all these years is I've never, ever been able to accustom myself to using arrow keys or WASD for movement (and probably never will get accustomed to that either). For the longest time I was looking for a device that could allow me to keep the sensitivity of mouse aiming (to keep up with other PC players) while giving me an actual d-pad for movement... and that is EXACTLY what this gamepad did for me. As I said at the top of this review, I will never play a PC game without my Nostromo speedpad plugged in. This gamepad has provided the one benefit that other pads haven't and that I really needed - a controller interface that's actually functional and intuitive enough to use that I forget I'm using it most of the time, allowing me to immerse myself completely in whatever game I'm playing... which is really the point of gaming in the first place, isn't it? As I said at the top of this review, I will never play a PC game without my Nostromo speedpad plugged in. This gamepad has provided the one benefit that other pads haven't and that I really needed - a controller interface that's actually functional and intuitive enough to use that I forget I'm using it most of the time, allowing me to immerse myself completely in whatever game I'm playing... which is really the point of gaming in the first place, isn't it? The Nostromo Speedpad gets 5 stars from me. I would recommend it to anyone who's looking for the type of benefits I've listed. And, for that matter, I'm recommending it right now in fact...
 The sound of these earbuds are great..and they are a value for the price.The sound of these earbuds are great..and they are a value for the price.However the "in the ear" design causes them to catch sweat, and they won't last when you sweat into them alot. After 9-12 months of wearing them in the GYM they will stop working. I have gone through 3 pairs in the last 2 years
 Using this Kingston chip on my Pearl 8100 phone and it has worked flawlessly.Using this Kingston chip on my Pearl 8100 phone and it has worked flawlessly.And eSmartBuy delivered it within about 3 days of my order.  Can't beat that
 I work in a computer lab where we constantly re-image devices (using Norton Ghost).  I have 3 laptops and 1 DELL GX620 desktop and all of them have Gigabit connection.  When I connected those 4 to this switch and run the imaging process simultaneous, I get the same performance (0 differences) as I run 1 laptop to the GX620.  This testing was done with Cat5 cables that I pick randomly from my lab.  I can't wait to add more devices and using Cat6 cables to get my work done faster
 The antenna works well and obtains more satellites than the GPS units internal antenna. This easily solved the issue of poor reception when the GPS is inside of a car; however, the best accuracy I am able to obtain is 13 feet with this external antenna vs. the 9 feet using the GPS's internal antenna when in an open area.  Garmin's external antenna connector plug does not attach very firmly and can disconnect easily when the units are moved around (on my GPS).  I feel the antenna was worth purchasing
 I use the Suctions Mount Antenna because I remove from sight whenever I leave my car which is idea for my purposes.  The antenna does greatly improve the reception and maintain a satilite lock.  The only draw back is keeping it attached to windshield in cold weather untill the car warms up
 this unit has a/v in.  my thought was that one could play video games on it, or view images from a camcorder/digital camera.  however, all video sent to it gets distorted to fit the wide screen.  so it does not allow me to do all i wanted.  it is also a bit on the loud side.  if your getting this for the car i suggest the coby 7050 unit.  i got one of those also, and it works much better for the kids being a tablet form factor. it also does not make much noise
 This is a great swicth with low price.  I use it together with D-Link DI-704 4-port internet sharing router to build my home network with 1 PC, two servers, one PowerMac and a laptop connected to cable modem ISP. Connecting via the swicth for internet sharing doesn't show any noticeable slow-response as compared to connecting via the router directly.  It works well by itself as we as with D-Link DI-704
 I would highly recommend this phone set.  Easy to program and crystal clear reception.  A definite 5 star
 Works well with Canon 10D, 30D, and S40.  Fairly fast write speed.  And 4GB - pretty big (1600 JPGs in the 30D!)
 For the Epson Photo 1270, the photo quality and color are excellent. I have printed digital photos that people cannot believe come from an inkjet printer
 This product was very easy to set-up. Hooked up 4 computers and had all up and running in no time. Been running 3 months with NO problems what so ever. Would highly recommend
 I am amazed by the quality of the guitar. The product is extremely good. The service by amazon was ultimate. Thanks a lot Amazon
 Since there are very few cases that fit iPAQ PDAs, I recommend you get this one.  Depending on type of your iPAQ (1900 series vs 3000 series), you might have varying degrees of comfort trying to shove your PDA into the case.  Once you're done, however, it's very easy to use and carry.  It comes with a belt clip that you may or may not use.  The case itself is slim enough to fit snugly in your pocket, unlike so many other cases.  The obvious disadvantage is that if you drop it on a hard surface, this case won't provide much in a way of side protection (klutzes be warned).  The leather feels surprisingly good, almost a lambskin kind of quality.  The credit card space is not very useful, but you can shove a couple of business cards in there. A solid 4 stars until anything better becomes available
 This is the perfect product for someone who travels with portable computers.  You don't have to tote around long phone cords it retracts with no jamming!  Excellent travel accessory
 Works exactly as advertised - I travel a lot and I can finally enjoy those long travel hours in planes calmly.Worth the "relatively" high price tag
 Unit's range shorter than expected, but I feel that I got what I wanted, and paid for. Shipping and delivery were great
 I was looking for a very basic palm that would become my calendar and contact list and this is perfect for both!! It's very easy to learn and enter stuff. I'm a first time PDA owner and this is an excellent product!
 If you ORIGINALLY & NEWLY unlocked a NEW locked MapSource CD-ROM/DVD-ROM product ON or AFTER the release date of an update for that same product, you are eligible to unlock on that specific update what you unlocked on the original for no charge. In other words, you can update to the latest data for free! visit the garmin web site for more inf
 If you're looking for isolation from ambient noise, these are great. I use them as In Ear Monitors for my onstage use (rock band), and if I use the foam inserts, I can stand right in front of the horn section and not get my head knocked off. If you're looking for isolation from ambient noise, these are great. I use them as In Ear Monitors for my onstage use (rock band), and if I use the foam inserts, I can stand right in front of the horn section and not get my head knocked off. I've read some people complain that the bass response is not quite what they expected, but frankly it doesn't bother me a bit.I've read some people complain that the bass response is not quite what they expected, but frankly it doesn't bother me a bit.The only thing that's awkward is removing them when they're fully inserted for a while. They're rather small, and getting hold of them can be a bit tricky. I'm using small bits of tape for "pull tabs", and it seems to work pretty well.The only thing that's awkward is removing them when they're fully inserted for a while. They're rather small, and getting hold of them can be a bit tricky. I'm using small bits of tape for "pull tabs", and it seems to work pretty well.Overall, I'm impressed with this product since it's affordable and does exactly what it's advertised to do
 I found this on clearance at another retailer (I guess not everyone likes pink), and it's fabulous.  I thought it might be just for skinny-armed people, but not so!  I've got plenty of room, it fits great, and it doesn't move.  Still looking for a solution to keep the earbud cord out of the way, though.  Makes mowing the lawn WAY more fun
 The phone works great!. I have three of these and a base. The best phones I have had. The other phones I have are the TCX800 model (previous version), equally good.The phone works great!. I have three of these and a base. The best phones I have had. The other phones I have are the TCX800 model (previous version), equally good.I had trouble deregistering one of the phones, as it has to be close to the original base (kept telling me out of range). I found out that pressing END and #, also deregisters
 I just use the keyboard like a business user. I don't use the media stuff. I really like the tactile feel of the keyboard and how it works. I like that it's not huge and doesn't have all those extra ridiculous buttons that I never use. The rechargeable mouse is handy as well. Prior to this, I had two Microsoft wireless combos in a row, and in both cases the mouse gradually began flaking out on me. I don't know if it's because it's Logitech or it's bluetooth, but the keyboard/mouse are as responsive as were they wired (after they "wake up").
 I used the Tripp lite to charge my PowerBook and digital camera during a cross country trip to grad school. It worked great and I had no problems. The only thing I could have used was a second outlet
 Esactly what I was wanting.  When you turn there is resistance (springs I think) and everything works great.  If you use flight sims you need this product.  Works awsome
 nicely designed leather case w/ belt clip.  i bought this for my hp hx2415.  pockets good for SD memory cards.  belt clip hooks very tightly to belt, so you don't have to worry about dropping pda.   
 Este estuche lo compr para mi iPaq hx2415 y es muy cmodo de llevar porque no es grande y adems el equipo se mantiene seguro por el diseo que tiene
 This backpack is ideal for carrying my huge science textbooks as well as keeping my MacBook safe. Its many pockets and nooks are ideal for carrying and organizing just about everything I need. As a chronically disorganized person, the bag helps me maintain some sense of organization and order in my belongings. The strap is nicely padded and it's elastic, so shocks are well absorbed.This backpack is ideal for carrying my huge science textbooks as well as keeping my MacBook safe. Its many pockets and nooks are ideal for carrying and organizing just about everything I need. As a chronically disorganized person, the bag helps me maintain some sense of organization and order in my belongings. The strap is nicely padded and it's elastic, so shocks are well absorbed.A nice touch is a zippered 'cavity' at the top, which is an ideal place to store a laptop charger. A nice touch is a zippered 'cavity' at the top, which is an ideal place to store a laptop charger. The build quality seems excellent so far - it looks to be a very durable product. I've always had good luck with Wenger products in the past. The build quality seems excellent so far - it looks to be a very durable product. I've always had good luck with Wenger products in the past. The best part about this backpack is that it doesn't scream 'There's a computer in here!'.
 Great all around backpack for lugging laptop and books to school.  It has a fairly large capacity but it also has tension straps so you can compact it.  One of the best features is the open compartment which is perfect for gym shoes or clothes
 Great sound quality; great signal quality.  I can hear everyone well, and the people on the other end of the call can also hear me well.  The main charging station is about 40 feet away at the opposite end of the house from my farthest charger, with a couple walls in between, and I have no problems with signal.Great sound quality; great signal quality.  I can hear everyone well, and the people on the other end of the call can also hear me well.  The main charging station is about 40 feet away at the opposite end of the house from my farthest charger, with a couple walls in between, and I have no problems with signal.The handsets are smaller than I expected, but that's actually a bonus since I hadn't bought a new phone in a while and thought my old handset was too big and clunky.  The handsets are about 6 inches long not including the antenna part, 1 and 7/8 inches at the widest point by the display, and 1 and 1/8 inches thick at the thickest point.The handsets are smaller than I expected, but that's actually a bonus since I hadn't bought a new phone in a while and thought my old handset was too big and clunky.  The handsets are about 6 inches long not including the antenna part, 1 and 7/8 inches at the widest point by the display, and 1 and 1/8 inches thick at the thickest point.Doesn't interfere with my wireless internet or any of my other electronics.  I've used the phone while sitting next to my laptop, while both I and the chargers were next to TV and stereos, and with my cell phone going at the same time - no interference.Doesn't interfere with my wireless internet or any of my other electronics.  I've used the phone while sitting next to my laptop, while both I and the chargers were next to TV and stereos, and with my cell phone going at the same time - no interference.The speakerphone part isn't that great - the person on the other end can hear other sounds in the room, plus they say it sounds like I'm speaking from a great distance away.  But I've never had a phone with a good speakerphone, so wasn't expecting that to work anyway.The speakerphone part isn't that great - the person on the other end can hear other sounds in the room, plus they say it sounds like I'm speaking from a great distance away.  But I've never had a phone with a good speakerphone, so wasn't expecting that to work anyway.Would have been great if they'd included a headset that goes with it since the handsets do have headset jacks.  I love the extra handsets that only need to be plugged into a power outlet - solved my lack of working jacks problem!!Would have been great if they'd included a headset that goes with it since the handsets do have headset jacks.  I love the extra handsets that only need to be plugged into a power outlet - solved my lack of working jacks problem!!The display lights up when it rings and when you press any of the keys.  The keys are not backlit.  The menus are fairly intuitive - if you've ever had a cell phone you can figure this out pretty easily.  It's very easy to send phone numbers that you've programmed into one handset to all the other handsets or only to a specific handset.The display lights up when it rings and when you press any of the keys.  The keys are not backlit.  The menus are fairly intuitive - if you've ever had a cell phone you can figure this out pretty easily.  It's very easy to send phone numbers that you've programmed into one handset to all the other handsets or only to a specific handset.When I first hooked everything up, the phones got no dial tone, but the problem was with the phone cord that plugs into the phone jack in the wall.  For some reason, the cord they provided didn't work, so when I swapped it out with the cord I had, all the phones worked fine.When I first hooked everything up, the phones got no dial tone, but the problem was with the phone cord that plugs into the phone jack in the wall.  For some reason, the cord they provided didn't work, so when I swapped it out with the cord I had, all the phones worked fine.I'd buy these again and recommend to others to buy
 This is definitely a comfortable mouse if you don't have big hands. It is a pretty small mouse but it contours very nicely, even if you are left-handed. The extra buttons are handy for lazy people like me who don't like using the keyboard or clicking on buttons to go forward, backward, and switch between programs. The button in the middle though (the one that lets you switch programs) is out of the way. It takes just a bit more effort to use, meaning that you would have to remove your hand from the default contour to use that button. I actually hardly ever use that button. I can't live without the forward/backward buttons though. I find myself man-handling other mice thinking they too have those neat, little buttons. The mouse has a really good response to movement as well. I've used it for gaming as well, though I admit I'm not a hardcore gamer. I really recommend this mouse. I can't imagine spending more money and getting a remarkably better mouse than this one
 PROS:PROS:xlnt qualitylong cordusb or ps2 connectionxlnt accuracyvery comfortable feeleasy access to side buttonsgreat gaming mouseaffordableaffordableCONS:CONS:nonenonethis is by far the best mouse i've ever owned bar none
 I love it.  You can switch back and forth from left hand to right hand and it was a great price
 This is an excellent product. If you drive a delivery vehicle or are in route sales this product is for you.  I am in route sales and use my laptop every minute of the day. I have an extensive territory and found it difficult to find certain places. The Garmin GPS 18 plugs right into the USB port and is powered by the computer so no need for additional attachments.  I'll admit "NROUTE" took a little getting used to (for example it has a list of all the streets and names of places so if it isnt on the list you're not going to find it) but once you figure out how it works its easy as pie.  Instead of spelling Hoover Street you just type Hoover and it will give you a list of the possible locations.  A great buy for only 100 bucks! If you use a laptop in your vehicle and are in need of GPS, dont spend $500 on a 2 inch screen unit when you can get an awesome GPS sensor for only $100
 Obviously, there are far better printers on the market.  But if you're looking for a quality 3-in-one in the $100 to $150 range, this one seems to be at the top of the pack.Obviously, there are far better printers on the market.  But if you're looking for a quality 3-in-one in the $100 to $150 range, this one seems to be at the top of the pack.There are nicer printers out there in this price range.  However, you will be severely penalized when it comes to purchasing ink.  Hewlett-Packard printers tend to be the most friendly when it comes to buying refilled cartridges or refilling your own cartridges.There are nicer printers out there in this price range.  However, you will be severely penalized when it comes to purchasing ink.  Hewlett-Packard printers tend to be the most friendly when it comes to buying refilled cartridges or refilling your own cartridges.It prints fast, it prints well, and I enjoy the double-sided printing feature.  This printer has been consistently rated by users as being accurate in its color prints, although I've done little color printing myself.It prints fast, it prints well, and I enjoy the double-sided printing feature.  This printer has been consistently rated by users as being accurate in its color prints, although I've done little color printing myself.The scans are not the greatest as they leave small artifacts at regular intervals when you zoom in in Photoshop.  The artifact is a vertical line which bisects the picture and offsets each side by a few pixels.  They're not really noticeable to the naked eye and you won't see them unless you're editing the picture and have blown it up considerably.  Still, it's probably not the best for archiving your photos. (I expect there's a bur on the plastic gear that rolls down the rack & pinion)The scans are not the greatest as they leave small artifacts at regular intervals when you zoom in in Photoshop.  The artifact is a vertical line which bisects the picture and offsets each side by a few pixels.  They're not really noticeable to the naked eye and you won't see them unless you're editing the picture and have blown it up considerably.  Still, it's probably not the best for archiving your photos. (I expect there's a bur on the plastic gear that rolls down the rack & pinion)However, flaws are to be expected in this price range and the listed flaws of this printer are nominal.  However, flaws are to be expected in this price range and the listed flaws of this printer are nominal.  Given my research two months ago, and performance I've encountered after purchasing this printer, and the ease with which I was able to refill the ink cartridges; I'd say this is the best printer you can buy for $100,(as of Nov 2006) if you don't want to be extorted into paying exorbitant ink prices, for say, an Epson
 Since I've seen musicians use JBL speakers for their concerts, that gave me a trust in their product. With that, I became an owner to a desktop JBL pc cpeaker. This product has been satisfactory and by far I have no complaints from it
 Note:  This is a review of the Targus PA225U Retractable Phone & Ethernet Cord (Plastic Casing).  It's the rectangular model, not the oval shaped one.Note:  This is a review of the Targus PA225U Retractable Phone & Ethernet Cord (Plastic Casing).  It's the rectangular model, not the oval shaped one.I'm on the road 50-75% of the time for work and have used this on almost every trip.  I initially bought it because I forgot my regular network cord while traveling and needed to buy something quickly.  I like to be able to move around in the hotel room and use this cord along with a cheap little plastic cable joiner to connect it to the hotel internet connection so I can sit on the couch or bed while connected to the internet.  I've experimented with a travel wireless router but keep coming back to the wired connection when the wireless connection has problems.  I've used it for over a year and have never had any problems with the retraction
 This is wonderful for laptop users that travel or like to move your laptop around a lot.  If I leave my laptop somewhere I hate having to worry about tripping over wires and wires everywhere just look bad.  This is really small and compact! Perfect for traveling too.  I've used it for about 8 months now and it hasnt had one problem...it still recoils well
 I just got my quickcam and it was very easy to setup.  I had some trouble focussing though since it is manual focus and the ring was stuck.  However, with some nudging it finally loosened up and now the picture is crystal clear.  It is so small and just excellent.  Great work, Logitech
 I have the Canon MP500 printer and Canon Rebel XT camera - both capable of producing amazing results, but paper makes a HUUUUGE diference in photo printing. I have both the Canon Photo Plus Glossy and the Photo Pro papers. If you are looking to print out very impressive photos, then I would recommend getting the 8x10 Photo Plus Glossy - definitely nice enough to frame. And with Plus glossy, you're definitely saving $ instead of paying $$$ to have professional photos done at a professional or retail store. And I even scanned a professional photo that I had done last year with my MP500 and printed using Plus Glossy, and the print is significantly better than the original. I have the Canon MP500 printer and Canon Rebel XT camera - both capable of producing amazing results, but paper makes a HUUUUGE diference in photo printing. I have both the Canon Photo Plus Glossy and the Photo Pro papers. If you are looking to print out very impressive photos, then I would recommend getting the 8x10 Photo Plus Glossy - definitely nice enough to frame. And with Plus glossy, you're definitely saving $ instead of paying $$$ to have professional photos done at a professional or retail store. And I even scanned a professional photo that I had done last year with my MP500 and printed using Plus Glossy, and the print is significantly better than the original. Pros: Best Value Canon has to offer. Great, great prints, my favorite paper overall. As good as Pro, and less expensive.  About 55 cents per page in a 30 page pack of Pro compared to 40 cents per page in a 20 page pack of Plus.Pros: Best Value Canon has to offer. Great, great prints, my favorite paper overall. As good as Pro, and less expensive.  About 55 cents per page in a 30 page pack of Pro compared to 40 cents per page in a 20 page pack of Plus.Cons: None at all so far.  have not seen if photos last over time
 I tested my new Canon i960 with a variety of papers. Like most printers, the output is much better when using the manufacture's own paper (as opposed to the cheaper generic paper), but there is no need to buy the most expensive &quot;Pro&quot; paper as neither I nor my wife could discern ANY difference between the two. There may be a benifit to the &quot;Pro&quot; paper that cannot be seen (lasts longer?) but at almost twice the cost it is not worth it - this paper will produce the highest quality prints on your Canon printer (I think they look better than the ones I get from the photo lab)
 I've had this for at least 8 months now. We've used it with xD, sD, Memory Stick Pro, Pro Duo(with the adapter) and a few misc. cards that friends' cameras may be using.I've had this for at least 8 months now. We've used it with xD, sD, Memory Stick Pro, Pro Duo(with the adapter) and a few misc. cards that friends' cameras may be using.I've never had a problem getting cards in or out, nor any problems with reading the data on them. I've never had a problem getting cards in or out, nor any problems with reading the data on them. My only possible complaint is that the cap for the usb connector doesn't stay on as well as I'd like or have a place to store it while the device is in use. Short of that, I can't place a single complaint about the unit. It has been a well spent $20
 This reciever is great!  It even gets reception on 6 satelites inside my office building.  I have played with many GPS units and have yet to see a reciever do that. This is a definte buy.  It is extremely accurate also.  I highly recomend it
 The GPS works in both my Dell Axim X5 and in my HP Compaq nc6000 with a compact flash adapter card.  I have used it with MS Streets and Trips and ArcPad
 I've had my HP5510 for 4 weeks. So far everything works to my expectations except--when I press the scan button an error comes up on the LED: Unable to scan documents from Printer to PC. No Scan Options. You need to install or run HP software forfeature. Press OK to continue." My system is 4 weeks old. I had a local reputable company put my system together. We uninstalled and installed HP software several times. Went to HP website-could not find a patch. Couldn't repair error. My last resort is to call HP which I haven't yet.  
 This printer was fine until I changed cartridges and a contact was dirty.  Now it won't quit printing alignment pages all the time.  I have about a million now, and its cost me a fortune in ink.  Every 3 or 4 print jobs and I get another one.This printer was fine until I changed cartridges and a contact was dirty.  Now it won't quit printing alignment pages all the time.  I have about a million now, and its cost me a fortune in ink.  Every 3 or 4 print jobs and I get another one.I've spent hours with technical support, who keep leading me through the same old song and dance, disconnect the usb cable, hit some buttons, print another page I don't need, and scan.  Voila it works!  Case finished.I've spent hours with technical support, who keep leading me through the same old song and dance, disconnect the usb cable, hit some buttons, print another page I don't need, and scan.  Voila it works!  Case finished.NO IT IS NOT.NO IT IS NOT.The tech support people don't speak English and it shows in their grammar and inability to understand that my problem seems to be a variant on what they have in their knowlege base.The tech support people don't speak English and it shows in their grammar and inability to understand that my problem seems to be a variant on what they have in their knowlege base.HP would do better to hire native English speakers.  I'll never buy another HP printer.HP would do better to hire native English speakers.  I'll never buy another HP printer.Oh, they print fine, that is, if you want a million alignment pages
 Ok. This is the 2nd ipod mini transmitter I have purchased that has broken within a month. All of a sudden it just stops working, for no apparent reason. Don't waste your money. It's a piece of junk
 I bought this so I could listen to my iPod in my car in the city.  The first couple of times, it worked great, but after that, something happened.  It just wouldn't work.  All I heard was static, no matter what frequency I tried this on.  I have yet to take a road trip with it, so maybe that will work better, but right now, I am not happy with the product.  Maybe the fact that I live in a city with radio stations on virtually every frequency has something to do with it, but it used to work on some frequencies, and now it just doesn't anymore.  I am very disappointed
 This would be a great phone if it worked all the time.  I had to return the phone within 1 day because the handset was defective.  Amazon was very helpful and prompt with a response.  However the handset would periodically quit working and required that the batteries be removed and reinserted to make it operational.  After 2 months the handset died completely.  AT&T will replace the handset under warranty, but it could take up to 3 weeks to get the replacement
 I bought this to use in hotels.  This thing sucks.  I barely got it to work in my house.  Too slow to set up.  Based on the size of this thing, just bring a longer eithernet cord.  I am really disapointed. 
 Be aware, the Belkin F8Z063-BLK TuneBase FM for iPod Nano is not compatible with the 2nd generation Nano.  I am returning mine to Amazon, and buy a compatible one from the Apple store
 I have several friends that have had similar items in the last few years that have worked nicely. I'm sure this is a great product. Having said that... this product is NOT and I repeat IS NOT compatable with the new ipod nanos. The new Ipod Nanos are slightly wider than the original and will not connect to this product. I really hope amazon puts up a warning soon and I will do my best to try to get that done. Again this does not work with the 4GB and I assume the 8GB nano as well so do not buy it unless you have the older model Nano.
 I live in the Atlanta area and was never able to get a good sound quality coming from the Belkin FM transmitter.  It seemed like I was listening to a FM station that was not coming in good
 I had this in my computer for a month, with a satellite radio on the audio-in and speakers on the line out.  It started crackling and the audio was distorted after a few weeks.  I took the SB out and went back to the motherboard onboard audio and it worked fine.I had this in my computer for a month, with a satellite radio on the audio-in and speakers on the line out.  It started crackling and the audio was distorted after a few weeks.  I took the SB out and went back to the motherboard onboard audio and it worked fine.Conclusion = Sound Blaster suck
 I purchased the Coby CA-739 Wireless FM Transmitter and was horrified by how each of its pre-programmed frequencies were major Denver Area Radio Stations or had high amounts of static.  The transmitter was noisy and weak.  I sent it back and took a restocking fee hit plus I had to pay for the return postage.I purchased the I-River which allows you to program your own frequencies.  Low noise. High quality. Much better....
 I originally purchased the unit during the winter because of a sale, but I didn't install it until the beginning of July for our cross country trip from Oregon to Wash. DC. During the trip, there was quite a bit of interuption from hillsides and tall trees in the Pacific Northwest. I kind of wondered how well the reception would work in the city. Once I got out of the NW, I had no problems picking up a signal unless I was in a long tunnel or deep valley. I did notice the unit did get hot during the trip and I think that is why it is acting the way it is now (two months later). I did notice the unit did get hot during the trip and I think that is why it is acting the way it is now (two months later). It works fine when first turned on, but after 15 minutes, the signal flutuates and at times, no signal is received. The tech support said that I needed to check the wires, but since it is 'recently' installed and it doesn't happen when first turned on, I'm ruling it a receiver problem.It works fine when first turned on, but after 15 minutes, the signal flutuates and at times, no signal is received. The tech support said that I needed to check the wires, but since it is 'recently' installed and it doesn't happen when first turned on, I'm ruling it a receiver problem.The unit is placed just below the radio head and has been exposed to direct sunlight when parked. I'm sure it didn't help.The unit is placed just below the radio head and has been exposed to direct sunlight when parked. I'm sure it didn't help.I'm currently looking for a better unit and XM said they would transfer the remainder of the account to the new radio without inducing an activation charge.
 I bought this card more then a year ago. Overall I'm not impressed, and wouldn't buy it again. First of all, in ~30% of cases it crashes my Tungsten E. Secondly, the games are not that much fun. SimCity is EXTREMELY limited and not enjoyable to play at all. Honestly, I have more fun playing games I've downloaded for free. Final annoyance - the card is slimmer then a regular SD so it slides off easily from the slots of the hardcase making it easy to lose 
 I was hoping to buy a small handheld vacuum for my office and computer hardware (keyboads, air inlets, and what have you). However, the DataVac has so little power, even after a full charge, that it's next to useless. I can't recommend it.
 The charger is very convenient.  Power related to AD/DC is extremely useful.  High-tech design and features.  Sucking and blowing power does not measure up to the price.  It has an extremely disappointing performance.  It feels like a child toy rather than a useful tool for a personal computer or laptop.  Will not recommend anyone to purchase this item due to the lack of performance
 These headphones are terrible, the sound is not good,and they hiss. Not worth the money. I have real cheap ones that sound alot better
 Broken after 3 uses.  Extremely flimsy.  Spend a few more buck and buy something more substantial.  
 I am not using this Microphone, the cord from the back of my computer barely reaches. Uncomfortable to lean so far forward
 The matte photo paper that I received was really poor quality. No matter what setting my printer was set to, the ink ran together and created a really low quality photo. I do not recomend this item.
 When it works, it works very well. But one day it suddenly died on me. I had a Comcast technician come and test my modem and after using some complicated equipments to test it, he concluded that the modem is dead. After he gave me another modem, my network is up again. Very bad reliability. MOTOROLA SHOULD BE MORE RESPONSIBLE FOR THEIR QUALITY CONTROL!
 This receiver doesn't work in rural areas.  It doesn't work as well as a cheap battery powered fm radio
 A $10 cable does the same thing.  Do not believe the hype.  Monster is overpriced and people are starting to realize it.  Its digital, 1s and 0s.  Either it reads it or it doesnt.
 Have you ever heard the saying that something would cost you "an arm and a leg"? These cables cost that, your first son, and bidding rights to your estate. Don't get me wrong- Monster makes great cables. Let there be no confusion on this point. But they're just incredibly expensive, and this is made much worse with these cables.Have you ever heard the saying that something would cost you "an arm and a leg"? These cables cost that, your first son, and bidding rights to your estate. Don't get me wrong- Monster makes great cables. Let there be no confusion on this point. But they're just incredibly expensive, and this is made much worse with these cables.Several people have pointed out that the digital signal on HDMI cables must adhere to error-correction and certain standards (even a $10 cable cable must meet some specifications to even reach production)- and this is largely true. Unless BluRay implements new features that require new cables at some point in the future, there's really very little difference between HDMI cables. Yes, the gold-plated pins and other features will improve your connection a bit, but the improvement will be far less than you'd see between any other "cheap" versus "designer" cables on the market.Several people have pointed out that the digital signal on HDMI cables must adhere to error-correction and certain standards (even a $10 cable cable must meet some specifications to even reach production)- and this is largely true. Unless BluRay implements new features that require new cables at some point in the future, there's really very little difference between HDMI cables. Yes, the gold-plated pins and other features will improve your connection a bit, but the improvement will be far less than you'd see between any other "cheap" versus "designer" cables on the market.But Monster cables really are made to a standard that makes some difference, and that's worth mentioning. This cable is built sturdy, so that none but the most harsh of treatment could ever damage it. And the shielding isn't just the usual electrical shielding- Monster cables are toughened to the point that I wouldn't doubt if they're certified against nuclear fallout. If you have the money to blow and you want the confidence of knowing that your entertainment center could fare well in an EMP strike, you're looking at the right cables.But Monster cables really are made to a standard that makes some difference, and that's worth mentioning. This cable is built sturdy, so that none but the most harsh of treatment could ever damage it. And the shielding isn't just the usual electrical shielding- Monster cables are toughened to the point that I wouldn't doubt if they're certified against nuclear fallout. If you have the money to blow and you want the confidence of knowing that your entertainment center could fare well in an EMP strike, you're looking at the right cables.But for nearly all consumers, these cables cost 4x as much as alternatives, with no real plusses. At the very least, you can pick up a mid-grade cable (Sony, etc) at a mid-grade price ($40) to get the increased sturdiness and the gold-plated connections. And over these products, the Monster cables basically have nothing at all except their branding. Please do look up a cheaper alternative this time, and spend some of the extra money on an extra set of whatever tools you use to keep your screen clean. You'll get much better results with these tools than you will worrying about $100 HDMI cables
 Ok...it functions well as a clock radio.  Just fine.  Reliable.   But that's not too much to expect.  Yes, it will charge your iPod and it does have the nifty function of an alarm that gradually (though not gradual enough) gets louder.  The adaptor for my Nano fit fine; and I didn't find the clock too bright (it has 3 settings).  But the sound is really terrible.  It sounds like its coming from a transistor radio.    Ok...it functions well as a clock radio.  Just fine.  Reliable.   But that's not too much to expect.  Yes, it will charge your iPod and it does have the nifty function of an alarm that gradually (though not gradual enough) gets louder.  The adaptor for my Nano fit fine; and I didn't find the clock too bright (it has 3 settings).  But the sound is really terrible.  It sounds like its coming from a transistor radio.    As well, it advertises that you will be able to go to sleep and wake up with your iPod.  But as we know, you don't need a clock radio to do that--your iPod will do that on its own if you set it.  As well, it advertises that you will be able to go to sleep and wake up with your iPod.  But as we know, you don't need a clock radio to do that--your iPod will do that on its own if you set it.  I took this back after 5 days and hooked up some cheap computer speakers with a volume control.  They really sound better--I swear.  I took this back after 5 days and hooked up some cheap computer speakers with a volume control.  They really sound better--I swear.  
 may be i got a defective one. there is nothing inside to hold the ipaq. its just a 3 fold cover. IPAQ comes with a much better case when you buy it new
 I had several problems with the iPod, mostly because of its horrible software iTunes. It messed up the firmware on the device several times, it would complain constantly that it is not up to date and then try to update it which resuted in several crashes. The most horrible thing however was that it would mess up your MP3 music collection in a way that can never be undone. I had orgaized my collection in the file system nicely by genre, author, album etc, and this thing messed up everything. I have another mp3 player - iRiver - which I reccommend as a lot better than the iPod anyway - and I wanted to be able to copy things on it from my library. Now i am not able to and have to go back and re-organize the mess manually!. I do not recommend the iPod and I do not recommend using their software either.
 I just purchased the HP DVD740e from costco, and burned the CDR disc came with drive. The lightscribe worked really well, it was the first experience, so I came here for reviews on DVDR, I was told that the Verbatim is of top quality and the lightscribe picture is even better than the HP's, so I purchased the Verbatim 30pk, received today.  I was so excited, that I immediately burn two discs with the best setting, but both come out fuzzy and presented the "out of focus" dull feel, look terrible with no detail compared to the HP bonus disc. Is this a joke? This is my first Amazon review, can't help to vent my disappointment. Thanks for the super fast shipping anyway.
 I have purchased 10 of these drives, all at once. What a mistake. They are very flakey and will 'disappear' while copying data to them by usb. You have to turn the drive off and back on for windows to find it again. I do not have this problem with any other usb drive only Lacie drives. You cannot use one as a backup for this very reason, copying large amounts of data will fail and you have to start over or copy in chunks. I have purchased 10 of these drives, all at once. What a mistake. They are very flakey and will 'disappear' while copying data to them by usb. You have to turn the drive off and back on for windows to find it again. I do not have this problem with any other usb drive only Lacie drives. You cannot use one as a backup for this very reason, copying large amounts of data will fail and you have to start over or copy in chunks. One drive failed after 8 months, only at the 10 month mark did I realize it was still under warranty. It had a 1 year warranty so 2 months left, I contacted lacie and after asking for a copy of the original invoice which clearly listed the purchase date they began ignoring my email and would not honor their warranty, no RMA after requesting one 5 times, no more email responses since they could not come up with a reason to refuse service. Do not buy one of these, there are many drives with longer warranties that are more reliable from better companies.
 This drive suffers from repeated Delayed Write File errors.  Ultimately it means you WILL lose all the data on it.It is extremely noisy to the point of damaging your hearing.Lacie support is poor.AVOID
 As of right now, I am an Apple Student DeveloperAs of right now, I am an Apple Student DeveloperMost of my work comes from Filmmaking, as I'm an Independent Filmmaker, and all of my post production work relies heavily upon my Apple G5 Tower, as well as a TON of external harddrive storageMost of my work comes from Filmmaking, as I'm an Independent Filmmaker, and all of my post production work relies heavily upon my Apple G5 Tower, as well as a TON of external harddrive storageWhile some of my LaCie HD's have worked great, many of them have simply failed meWhile some of my LaCie HD's have worked great, many of them have simply failed mehere are the pro's - here are the pro's - 1. great interface - both FireWire 400 and 800, and they are easy to daisychain1. great interface - both FireWire 400 and 800, and they are easy to daisychain2. they are fast - 7200 RPM, and usually, if the drive is good, the performance will show2. they are fast - 7200 RPM, and usually, if the drive is good, the performance will showCONS -CONS -1. very weak body ---- forget if you drop this thing even one inch - it'll be dead1. very weak body ---- forget if you drop this thing even one inch - it'll be dead2. very tough to hookup to other drives -- when I say this, I mean it is impossible to stack this drive, or try and put it in a space where it'll stay put2. very tough to hookup to other drives -- when I say this, I mean it is impossible to stack this drive, or try and put it in a space where it'll stay putTHE BIGGEST PROBLEM ---THE BIGGEST PROBLEM ---I don't know what accounts for this - whether its the bridge or the drive itself - but LaCie's drives fail way too muchI don't know what accounts for this - whether its the bridge or the drive itself - but LaCie's drives fail way too muchI've probably purchased around 14 LaCie drives in the past 4 years, for varioius film projects and associate ones ----- of the 14, I have had 5 completely fail on meI've probably purchased around 14 LaCie drives in the past 4 years, for varioius film projects and associate ones ----- of the 14, I have had 5 completely fail on meThis is simply unacceptable for any drive companyThis is simply unacceptable for any drive companywhen you consider it all, companies like MAXTOR offer drives with the same interface, same speeds, but at a lower pricewhen you consider it all, companies like MAXTOR offer drives with the same interface, same speeds, but at a lower pricewith that said, take a look at MAXTOR, whose drives are housed in a very indestructive body (...)On a sidenote, LaCie has honored the warranties on their drives, and when they're open, their customer service is very helpful --- but I've lost too much data, at this point, to recommend the
 I had a previous good experience with a Jabra headset. This one was recommended for my Panasonic cordless phone by Jabra. However, the sound quality is terrible. It lacks any kind of high frequency response, and so sounds very boomy and full of bass, making it almost impossible to use. It also needs a foam cover, since any kind of slight wind movement makes it extremely noisy. I contacted Jabra about this product, but received no response. Maybe it would work better with a different phone, but definitely NOT with my Panasonic
 I was using it as a backup device and it failed after about 12 months. So I am ripping it apart and putting in a new UltraATA disk in. Just hope the box is not frying the disk.I noticed in another review they had a Western Digital. I had a Segate Baracuda 7200.8. Doubt that it makes any difference. I am sure it is just low bidder
 CONSUMER BEWARE!!!!CONSUMER BEWARE!!!!This product does not work as advertised.  If you put more than 1000 songs onto this device, On-The-Go playlists cease to function.This product does not work as advertised.  If you put more than 1000 songs onto this device, On-The-Go playlists cease to function.This is very, very sad for a player with 8GB of memory. It's supposed to hold over 2000 songs, but stops working correctly after 1000 songs are loaded?  Wow.  Unbelievable.This is very, very sad for a player with 8GB of memory. It's supposed to hold over 2000 songs, but stops working correctly after 1000 songs are loaded?  Wow.  Unbelievable.This is a well-documented bug on the Apple discussion forums, yet Apple has neither acknowledged nor fixed this bug yet.  Will they ever?  Who cares?  Why should they, if consumers like you keep buying it and RAVING about it?This is a well-documented bug on the Apple discussion forums, yet Apple has neither acknowledged nor fixed this bug yet.  Will they ever?  Who cares?  Why should they, if consumers like you keep buying it and RAVING about it?I bought my 8GB Nano, but returned it two days later when I found out the problem was known, but not fixed and not fixable.I bought my 8GB Nano, but returned it two days later when I found out the problem was known, but not fixed and not fixable.Apple should not be shipping products with known bugs in them!  Don't they test these things?!?!?!Apple should not be shipping products with known bugs in them!  Don't they test these things?!?!?!By the way, the same problem also occurs on the 4GB Nano if you manage to squeeze more than 1000 songs onto it, which isn't all that hard to do...By the way, the same problem also occurs on the 4GB Nano if you manage to squeeze more than 1000 songs onto it, which isn't all that hard to do...If you don't care about having more than 1000 songs, or you don't care about On-The-Go playlists actually working as advertised, what are you doing shopping for an 8GB player?  Better stick with your 2GB models..
 Do not buy this item, it is very liable to break within the first week of purchase. And I bought 2 of them, so statistically it's not jsut me. The first time the door broke, and without the door there's no way to hold the ethernet cable to the connection. The second time, the USB part broke off and got stuck in my computer and I could not put it back together. All in all, not the best product out there. Try instead the Belkin USB to Ethernet adaptor
 DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT. There, simple advice I wish someone had given me before I bought two of these. With the first one the battery died 13 months after purchase. Since it was 30 days outside the warrantly, apple support told me "sorry, tough luck." I made the mistake of buying another one figuring I just got a bad one and there was no way I could have the same problem again. WRONG!DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT. There, simple advice I wish someone had given me before I bought two of these. With the first one the battery died 13 months after purchase. Since it was 30 days outside the warrantly, apple support told me "sorry, tough luck." I made the mistake of buying another one figuring I just got a bad one and there was no way I could have the same problem again. WRONG!Second ipod just died (same battery problem) - this one died within the warranty period but becuase it took me two weeks to get into the ipod store to see what was wrong and, of course, by the time I got in I was past the 12 month warranty period (who keeps track of the purchase date? I sure didn't).Second ipod just died (same battery problem) - this one died within the warranty period but becuase it took me two weeks to get into the ipod store to see what was wrong and, of course, by the time I got in I was past the 12 month warranty period (who keeps track of the purchase date? I sure didn't).Other than the fact that your substnatial investment will be worthless in about a year - it is a fantastic product. I'm just sorry that it didn't last (twice!) cause otherwise I'd be a fan
 Please search for the thread on the linksys support forum titled "BEFSR41 v4 intermittent drop of connection" which goes on for 4 pages with no reply from linksys support, I'd post a URL but that is against the review guidelines here at amazon.Please search for the thread on the linksys support forum titled "BEFSR41 v4 intermittent drop of connection" which goes on for 4 pages with no reply from linksys support, I'd post a URL but that is against the review guidelines here at amazon.The only way to fix the problems that occur with this router is to buy a different model or better yet a different brand.  It appears that Linksys doesn't really care about the issue.  The only way to fix the problems that occur with this router is to buy a different model or better yet a different brand.  It appears that Linksys doesn't really care about the issue.  I returned this router after the second day of dealing with it's constant connection drops and bought a Belkin instead. 
 I like the phone's simplicity and ergonomics. It's fatal flaw is the lack of range. My office is about 50ft away from the base, and I get unacceptable interference. Both plain old AT&T & GE 900 handle this distance without any problems
 I've been 'trying' to use this phone for the past 8 months.  Worked fine in the beginning, now I can't even answer my calls.  I hit the TALK button, but the phone continues to ring.  Spend a little more money but buy a better phone.  This phone is a total waste of money
 No tricks, just treats and delivered on time as promised.
 I don't know if I just got a bad pair of radios, but they didn't work at all.  If we were beyond shouting distance the radios did not receive any signal at all.  Even at very close range there was too much static to understand anything.  I'll post a review of the SX700s after we get a chance to try them out
 From cellphone and also the pager era I began my love affair with Motorola.  Don't need to read much farther into my review to get to the meat of it.  Sometimes companies make a lousy product even though they have others that are great!  Don't Buy These!  They fall into the former category  From cellphone and also the pager era I began my love affair with Motorola.  Don't need to read much farther into my review to get to the meat of it.  Sometimes companies make a lousy product even though they have others that are great!  Don't Buy These!  They fall into the former category  I needed them quickly (to give my in-laws time to practice using them before we went on a cruise) so when I went to their house for the weekend I bought them from the hated "Best Buy".  I am returning all 4! (2 sets of 2 handsets).  Here was my experience:I needed them quickly (to give my in-laws time to practice using them before we went on a cruise) so when I went to their house for the weekend I bought them from the hated "Best Buy".  I am returning all 4! (2 sets of 2 handsets).  Here was my experience:I went in and saw the Midland and the Cobra along side the Motorola.  Not knowing much of Midland, but recognizing Cobra from their history with low-end phones and electronics, I opted with the very stylish Motorola T6500R's.  I know.  Big Mistake!  I am a computer programmer and very intelligent, but when confronted with products I do not undestand, I go for the brand name.  Which is something that can be forgiven if, as now, you find out what the problem is and correct it.I went in and saw the Midland and the Cobra along side the Motorola.  Not knowing much of Midland, but recognizing Cobra from their history with low-end phones and electronics, I opted with the very stylish Motorola T6500R's.  I know.  Big Mistake!  I am a computer programmer and very intelligent, but when confronted with products I do not undestand, I go for the brand name.  Which is something that can be forgiven if, as now, you find out what the problem is and correct it.I took them home and recharged them.  First things first:  The feel in your hand.  EXCELLENT.  They feel as good as they look.  I purchased these to go on a cruise to the Mexican Riviera and to maintain contact both on the boat and in the ports: Puerto Vallarta, Mazatlan and Cabo san Lucas.  We wanted to make sure we did not "lose" my in-laws (really!  I mean it!  No, really ....) I took them home and recharged them.  First things first:  The feel in your hand.  EXCELLENT.  They feel as good as they look.  I purchased these to go on a cruise to the Mexican Riviera and to maintain contact both on the boat and in the ports: Puerto Vallarta, Mazatlan and Cabo san Lucas.  We wanted to make sure we did not "lose" my in-laws (really!  I mean it!  No, really ....) Anyway. Charged them up and turned them on. They come with a plastic-encased group of 3 AA rechargable batteries that fit nicely (and only one way--they are keyed) in the dual-purpose battery compartment.  This is nice: if you are out and running around and your charge goes down, simply buy 3 AA alkaline batteries and go on your way.  There is no problem if you forget you have the NORMAL NON-RECHARGABLE AA batteries in the case if you put it in the charging stand.  Unlike other units, the physical metal conductors to charge the battery pack are actually built into the pack, not the handset.  If you put it batteries, the charger makes no connection to the handset. If you put in the rechargable battery pack, 2 silver contacts from the battery pack  contact the charging stand and VOILA the unit charges.  Fitting the handset into the recharger is a nightmare, though!  It must be generic and able to fit several different Motorola products (production outsourced to Giant Int'l Ltd--so if you thought this was a genuine Motorola built item, you are mistaken.  The entire Talkabout line are outsourced for production) as the dual-compartment charger has 2 inserts in each compartment and no indication of which one to use for the T6500R's.  I am a smart person though so I chose the one that looked like it best fit and inserted it.  Then I attempted to insert the T6500R's.  I say attempted because the bottom of the handset is rounded and thus does not seat well in any direction.  After you get it to EXACTLY the right position (look on the charger to watch for the LED to light up) the the hard part (of charging, that is) is over.Anyway. Charged them up and turned them on. They come with a plastic-encased group of 3 AA rechargable batteries that fit nicely (and only one way--they are keyed) in the dual-purpose battery compartment.  This is nice: if you are out and running around and your charge goes down, simply buy 3 AA alkaline batteries and go on your way.  There is no problem if you forget you have the NORMAL NON-RECHARGABLE AA batteries in the case if you put it in the charging stand.  Unlike other units, the physical metal conductors to charge the battery pack are actually built into the pack, not the handset.  If you put it batteries, the charger makes no connection to the handset. If you put in the rechargable battery pack, 2 silver contacts from the battery pack  contact the charging stand and VOILA the unit charges.  Fitting the handset into the recharger is a nightmare, though!  It must be generic and able to fit several different Motorola products (production outsourced to Giant Int'l Ltd--so if you thought this was a genuine Motorola built item, you are mistaken.  The entire Talkabout line are outsourced for production) as the dual-compartment charger has 2 inserts in each compartment and no indication of which one to use for the T6500R's.  I am a smart person though so I chose the one that looked like it best fit and inserted it.  Then I attempted to insert the T6500R's.  I say attempted because the bottom of the handset is rounded and thus does not seat well in any direction.  After you get it to EXACTLY the right position (look on the charger to watch for the LED to light up) the the hard part (of charging, that is) is over.Next item: Bad red LCD backed screen.  Hard to read in ANY light and impossible in the sunlight.  Settings were easy enough.  Channel, sub-channel, vibrate, NOAA broadcasts, etc.  However, the advertised QT (ensures no one can talk through your handset unless they are using a compatible Motorola handset) does not work unless you hit the PTT (push to talk) button (or the CALL button), wait about 3 seconds and begin speaking.  My in-laws are new to technology and are used to experiencing walkie-talkies when their kids were young.  Therefore this is unusual.  They automatically want to push the button and talk.  So, the first part of what they say is immediately lost. Next item: Bad red LCD backed screen.  Hard to read in ANY light and impossible in the sunlight.  Settings were easy enough.  Channel, sub-channel, vibrate, NOAA broadcasts, etc.  However, the advertised QT (ensures no one can talk through your handset unless they are using a compatible Motorola handset) does not work unless you hit the PTT (push to talk) button (or the CALL button), wait about 3 seconds and begin speaking.  My in-laws are new to technology and are used to experiencing walkie-talkies when their kids were young.  Therefore this is unusual.  They automatically want to push the button and talk.  So, the first part of what they say is immediately lost. I say "first part".  I am assuming I actually caught a portion of what they said.  This brings me to the second major flaw.  This unit contains a HORRIBLE speaker.  If the volume is too low then you can't hear it.  Too high and it is garbled beyond your ability to understand it.  We were really hard-pressed to find a happy medium.  AND, in a noisy room, it would've been impossible to hear anything.I say "first part".  I am assuming I actually caught a portion of what they said.  This brings me to the second major flaw.  This unit contains a HORRIBLE speaker.  If the volume is too low then you can't hear it.  Too high and it is garbled beyond your ability to understand it.  We were really hard-pressed to find a happy medium.  AND, in a noisy room, it would've been impossible to hear anything.Some merchants list these as 5 mile radios.  The packaging says 10.  The 1 watt GMRS suggests about 5-10.  We got less than 1.  Directly over a lake. In vehicles on the I-5, we drove less than 2 miles from their house  (which is DIRECTLY ON the interstate) and got no signal.  Some merchants list these as 5 mile radios.  The packaging says 10.  The 1 watt GMRS suggests about 5-10.  We got less than 1.  Directly over a lake. In vehicles on the I-5, we drove less than 2 miles from their house  (which is DIRECTLY ON the interstate) and got no signal.  I got back to my house in San Jose (on top of Communications Hill...the largest "hill" in the area) and could not communicate to my spouse less than 1/2 mile away while he was coming up our road!I got back to my house in San Jose (on top of Communications Hill...the largest "hill" in the area) and could not communicate to my spouse less than 1/2 mile away while he was coming up our road!Since the weekend, I have spent all my extra time on Amazon.com and Consumer Reports reviewing all the offerings.  (the latter, Consumer Reports' reviews are from July in 2002!) So, I think I am going to return these and purchase the Midland 5 watt GXT500's from Amazon.  Remember, doubling the wattage (in this case MORE than doubling) does not give double the signal.  As another others have stated, increasing wattage increases only another portion of the distance--ie: 2 watts to 4 watts does NOT double the distance the signal can reach.)Since the weekend, I have spent all my extra time on Amazon.com and Consumer Reports reviewing all the offerings.  (the latter, Consumer Reports' reviews are from July in 2002!) So, I think I am going to return these and purchase the Midland 5 watt GXT500's from Amazon.  Remember, doubling the wattage (in this case MORE than doubling) does not give double the signal.  As another others have stated, increasing wattage increases only another portion of the distance--ie: 2 watts to 4 watts does NOT double the distance the signal can reach.)Hope this reveiw helps you
 I purchased a Biopod in March of 2006. Received brand new unit that included Omnipass software version 2.09. This software version released in 2004.I purchased a Biopod in March of 2006. Received brand new unit that included Omnipass software version 2.09. This software version released in 2004.Contacted company that produced the software and they refused to upgrade to their latest version (v4) that had been released a month earlier unless they charged me the upgrade fee.Contacted company that produced the software and they refused to upgrade to their latest version (v4) that had been released a month earlier unless they charged me the upgrade fee.The version of software that comes with the Biopod (v2.09) pretty much only works with Internet Explorer and other Microsoft software. The new version (4) supposedly works with Firefox and several other non-Microsoft software programs. The version of software that comes with the Biopod (v2.09) pretty much only works with Internet Explorer and other Microsoft software. The new version (4) supposedly works with Firefox and several other non-Microsoft software programs. I recommend you avoid this product due to old software. I returned mine and am ordering the IBM Fingerprint Reader
 I bought 1 40 pack of these disks so that I could create a set of Windows 95 setup disks. They worked to install windows once and then they all started dying. I went to run Windows setup and got halfway through and got a "cannot read from device" error. After that I ran scandisk on all of them and only 1 disk didnt have bad sectors. A few of the disks had bad sectors in the system area rendering them unformattable. I advise anybody who reads this to steer clear of these cute little disks unless you want to use them as christmas ornaments
 Be Creative!! Mostly what you're paying for is the embroidered 'Magellan' name.  I like the Crown Royal idea of pouch or you can sew or obtain a fleece and make a square with pockets and tuck everything in there, works fine. Since the reviews are bad, I will not get this just to hide my GPS away in an eye-catching steal-me monogrammed bag. 
 I bought a second Traveldrive because the first one purchased worked just fine.  The second drive does not work on my system (Windows Millenium).  Calling the service line I found out that there are two versions and the second is not compatible with the first.  After trying all the recommended solutions, the tech support suggested I request a warranty replacement/trade for the original version or simply get my money back.  Requests for a resolution of the matter have fallen on deaf ears.  I would not waste any more money on products from this company
 We purchased this printer to replace old Brother HL-1440 for our small business printing needs. At first everything was great. After 4 months of use, still on first toner cartridge, the manual feed can no longer grab labels or envelopes. There is now a huge gap and the envelopes can slide all the way inside with no resistance. Huge problem for us and I hope we can return this piece of junk
 When realtime traffic monitoring came to my city, I immediately started looking at solutions to help my wife's daily business driving (2-500 miles weekly, crisscrossing a 50-mile area through major traffic routes). I quickly settled on an automotive GPS with realtime traffic monitoring. There are not yet many choices in this area, so the options boiled down to this unit and the Garmin 2720. (These use FM radio for the traffic info; the XM-radio units like the TomTom 700 and Garmin 2730 had unacceptably high monthly costs since I don't want XM radio.)When realtime traffic monitoring came to my city, I immediately started looking at solutions to help my wife's daily business driving (2-500 miles weekly, crisscrossing a 50-mile area through major traffic routes). I quickly settled on an automotive GPS with realtime traffic monitoring. There are not yet many choices in this area, so the options boiled down to this unit and the Garmin 2720. (These use FM radio for the traffic info; the XM-radio units like the TomTom 700 and Garmin 2730 had unacceptably high monthly costs since I don't want XM radio.)I chose the Cobra for its large screen and positive reviews in areas that were important to me. Its flawed routing ability was not a major issue as it was to be used in a well-known region. Address lookup and traffic monitoring were the primary needs.I chose the Cobra for its large screen and positive reviews in areas that were important to me. Its flawed routing ability was not a major issue as it was to be used in a well-known region. Address lookup and traffic monitoring were the primary needs.In short, I don't know much about how the Cobra performs because I was only able to use it for a few short test trips. This is because the mounting hardware is one of the most deficient pieces of engineering I have ever encountered in higher-end electronics gear:In short, I don't know much about how the Cobra performs because I was only able to use it for a few short test trips. This is because the mounting hardware is one of the most deficient pieces of engineering I have ever encountered in higher-end electronics gear:- The only mounting option is via suction cup, which in tests would adhere reliably only to nearly flat glass. A stick-on disc for attaching the suction cup is also provided, but I did not attempt to use it and would not trust it to be able to hold this heavy (1.25 pound) unit over the long run. If your vehicle does not have a flat section of windshield in a convenient location, you will have very few options for mounting this unit.- The only mounting option is via suction cup, which in tests would adhere reliably only to nearly flat glass. A stick-on disc for attaching the suction cup is also provided, but I did not attempt to use it and would not trust it to be able to hold this heavy (1.25 pound) unit over the long run. If your vehicle does not have a flat section of windshield in a convenient location, you will have very few options for mounting this unit.- California law prohibits attaching things to the windshield, meaning that California users either need to risk a minor ticket or find an acceptable alternate mounting point. (Good luck to you: I was unable to find one in three different vehicles!) Compounding the problem is that the mount has a very limited positioning range and easily runs out of adjustment room for most potential mounting alternatives.- California law prohibits attaching things to the windshield, meaning that California users either need to risk a minor ticket or find an acceptable alternate mounting point. (Good luck to you: I was unable to find one in three different vehicles!) Compounding the problem is that the mount has a very limited positioning range and easily runs out of adjustment room for most potential mounting alternatives.- Cobra does not offer any other mounts or mounting accessories at all - no beanbag or friction mount, no clamp, no fixed-base mount, nothing. If there is any aftermarket option (RAM Mount, etc.) I was unable to find it. You are stuck with Cobra's proprietary mount unless you are willing to modify the unit or its mounting pieces and fabricate an adapter for a Garmin or RAM Mount base.- Cobra does not offer any other mounts or mounting accessories at all - no beanbag or friction mount, no clamp, no fixed-base mount, nothing. If there is any aftermarket option (RAM Mount, etc.) I was unable to find it. You are stuck with Cobra's proprietary mount unless you are willing to modify the unit or its mounting pieces and fabricate an adapter for a Garmin or RAM Mount base.I was *almost* willing to go the extra mile to make this unit work in my vehicle, even though the best solution would have been very awkward to dismount and remount, making it a potential theft target.I was *almost* willing to go the extra mile to make this unit work in my vehicle, even though the best solution would have been very awkward to dismount and remount, making it a potential theft target.The final straw was when I found that the traffic receiver was faulty and I was unable to get a reply from the manufacturer in a timely manner (two days now and counting...) Enough's enough; something was telling me that this unit wasn't the right choice.The final straw was when I found that the traffic receiver was faulty and I was unable to get a reply from the manufacturer in a timely manner (two days now and counting...) Enough's enough; something was telling me that this unit wasn't the right choice.So this unit is being returned and I've already ordered a Garmin 2720 with GTM11 traffic receiver in replacement. The prices for the units through Amazon are nearly the same (especially when factoring in the costs for 15 months of traffic monitoring - the Cobra comes with three months and gets $60 per year after that, while the Garmin comes with 15 months and has the same annual cost after that - so you have to add $60 to the Cobra to get a truly equivalent price). Garmin also has excellent mounts with a range of attachment options, some of the best map and routing tools, and a long track record with GPS units. It does have a smaller screen and some complaints about the user interface, but at least I can mount it properly and be able to tuck it away and remount it easily to prevent theft.So this unit is being returned and I've already ordered a Garmin 2720 with GTM11 traffic receiver in replacement. The prices for the units through Amazon are nearly the same (especially when factoring in the costs for 15 months of traffic monitoring - the Cobra comes with three months and gets $60 per year after that, while the Garmin comes with 15 months and has the same annual cost after that - so you have to add $60 to the Cobra to get a truly equivalent price). Garmin also has excellent mounts with a range of attachment options, some of the best map and routing tools, and a long track record with GPS units. It does have a smaller screen and some complaints about the user interface, but at least I can mount it properly and be able to tuck it away and remount it easily to prevent theft.This unit gets two stars only because my brief experience with its function appears to live up to all the positive reviews - but overall, it's like a high-performance sports car with no wheels! I 100% recommend against it for California users and suggest that others try to lay hands on a sample unit to see if it can be properly mounted in your vehicle before laying out $750
 Worked fine for a couple of weeks and then just died. The problem was that it was not recognized by XP or Linux anymore.
 This flash drive does not work with Windows 98SE. The back of the package clearly states you can download drivers for Windows 98SE at the maufacturer's web site. First I tried downloading the driver. Turns out the driver is a .zip file so I had to download WinZip so I could unzip the driver. After downloading the driver and WinZip the flash drive is still not recognized by my PC. The FAQ at the manufacturer's web site states if the device is not recognized the BIOS on my PC must be enabled. But the FAQ doesn't tell you how to enable the BIOS
 It doesn't matter what DVD+ writer I used, Velocity worked! Not one disk became a coaster.  I loved the Velocity DVD-R until I order 2 more spindles.  I ordered it directly for the manufacture.  When I received it, the outside plastic covering was cracked, half the Disks had the jitters and the other half was coasters. It seems to me that they trick you into ordering one with a great offer including free shipping.  If you order any more, the person shipping it to you send you the rejects from quality assurance. I will never again order this product again period!
 Well, so far so bad... I burned the DVDs on my Panasonic DVD recorder. They play in my newer DVD players, but I cannot make a copy of them with Sonic DVD, Nero, or One click DVD. UNacceptable! I have used many types of DVDs, never had this happen. I guess I know why some DVDs I have purchased are playable, but not copiable.. it is the media! I will stick with Maxell,or TDK
 Worked for 6 hours, then just stopped transmitting. What a waste of cash. Do not buy this
 I had a terrible time getting a station to come in even close to FM quality.  There was always a bunch of static and the stereo buzzed between songs because I had to keep the volume too high.  The high band of frequencies seemed to work best, but then it led to crackling speakers everytime I turned something electrical on in the car.  It also seemed to kill batteries at a surprising rate.I had a terrible time getting a station to come in even close to FM quality.  There was always a bunch of static and the stereo buzzed between songs because I had to keep the volume too high.  The high band of frequencies seemed to work best, but then it led to crackling speakers everytime I turned something electrical on in the car.  It also seemed to kill batteries at a surprising rate.On a positive note, I loved the fact that it would also function for my son's DVD but in the end, it had way too much static so I hunted for anothe
 This is a total waste of money and engineering.  Plenty of free frequencies in my area and it would barely connect to anything.  Sound quality horrible even when the device is right next to the antenna on a portable FM player.  Wrapping it back up and sending it back
 The transmission quality is very poor. I was unable to find a single frequency free of static. While operating the Belkin TuneCast II in my car I found that driving over or under bridges, under traffic lights, under power lines, or near large trucks increases the static to a level where the music can not be heard at all. The only way I could get audio clarity equal to that of a dirty and scratched record or a distant AM station was to hold the transmitter to the face of my radio. What a piece of poo! Can I give it zero stars? And don't even get me started on the excessive packaging that you'll need to use a diamond tipped jack-hammer to open
 If you have a Palm, read this before buying this device:If you have a Palm, read this before buying this device:&#60;&#60;&#60;Although our SD GPS card should work with Palm OS without a driver as its NMEA-0183 compliant, currently we are not aware of any 3rd-party software that supports our SD GPS card. Based on this I regrettably have to say that at this moment it does not work with Palm OS device. We are currently in the process of developing a Palm OS driver that will allow the device to be used independent of 3rd-party software support. When this becomes available it will be posted on our website.&#62;&#62;&#62;&#60;&#60;&#60;Although our SD GPS card should work with Palm OS without a driver as its NMEA-0183 compliant, currently we are not aware of any 3rd-party software that supports our SD GPS card. Based on this I regrettably have to say that at this moment it does not work with Palm OS device. We are currently in the process of developing a Palm OS driver that will allow the device to be used independent of 3rd-party software support. When this becomes available it will be posted on our website.&#62;&#62;&#62;I bought this for my father for Christmas. It cost a lot of money. We all got really excited about it. It doesn't work. :
 I have had two of these units.  I would definitely not recommend anyone buying the ML-300.  Save yourself some money and get something else.  Both of the units lasted only 14 months.  I did hardly any typing with them. Only multi-page forms and applications.  The printwheel motor failed on both of them and so did the electronic board for the keys.  Took in in to a repair center and was told it was not worth repairing.  Contacted Brother International USA and was told that the warranty was only good for 12 months.  Save yourself some money and buy a Big Chief table and a number 2 pencil. 
 After reading some good and bad reviews I went ahead and bought them anyway. They will not stay in my ears, I tried the three different sized ear buds but non will do the job, very irritating.So, I do not recommend them at all, too bad because if they stay in when you sit really still the sound quality is really good.Aloh
 Bought these and used them once.  Had to remove them when I found myself in dire need of some Excedrin Migraine.  What do you get for your $39?  Cheap, tinny, bass-less sound that's like being plugged into a busted Walkman.  The buds themselves don't remain stable in the ear, so forget about using them while engaging in motion-involved activity (such as jogging, walking, head-bobbing, neck movement, etc).  These are by far the worst earbuds on the market.  How could Apple stoop so low?  Don't be fooled!  Do a Google search for these and you'll find that the vast majority out there considers this a horrible product.  You've been warned.Bought these and used them once.  Had to remove them when I found myself in dire need of some Excedrin Migraine.  What do you get for your $39?  Cheap, tinny, bass-less sound that's like being plugged into a busted Walkman.  The buds themselves don't remain stable in the ear, so forget about using them while engaging in motion-involved activity (such as jogging, walking, head-bobbing, neck movement, etc).  These are by far the worst earbuds on the market.  How could Apple stoop so low?  Don't be fooled!  Do a Google search for these and you'll find that the vast majority out there considers this a horrible product.  You've been warned.I used to use Koss Earbuds, which were pretty good.  I sold these iPod duds in favor of the XtremeMac In-Ear Headphones, which are the best ones available and worth the extra money
 I've had this camera replaced by Linksys 4 times. The first time, was due to the camera crashing on a weekly basis. The second replacement worked fine until I upgraded my router and switched from WEP to WPA. After the switch the camera would not connect to the router, switching back to WEP, of course worked. Linksys has replaced the camera 3 times for this issue, and with the last support call confirmed that there is a KNOWN problem with WPA encryption and this camera
 I have extensive experience with wireless system setup and operation. My whole system is all Linksys gear. After four hours on this camera, I give up.I have extensive experience with wireless system setup and operation. My whole system is all Linksys gear. After four hours on this camera, I give up.When you update the firmware, it erases everything you programmed into the camera so beware.When you update the firmware, it erases everything you programmed into the camera so beware.I could get the camera to work in WiFi mode. Picture is decent, not great. The motion sensing function triggers quite well.I could get the camera to work in WiFi mode. Picture is decent, not great. The motion sensing function triggers quite well.The frustration comes from an inability to get the email function to work. Kept getting an error message with the system parameters setup so it should have worked.The frustration comes from an inability to get the email function to work. Kept getting an error message with the system parameters setup so it should have worked.The FAQ section on Linksys website is almost non-existent. I did not bother to call because in my past experience that is of minimal help and very frustrating.The FAQ section on Linksys website is almost non-existent. I did not bother to call because in my past experience that is of minimal help and very frustrating.Features sound great but could not get it to work right. I will find another unit.
 This is my first Amazon review of any type.  I was quite happy to finally get a wireless keyboard and mouse.  When this was pulled from the box the finish was splotchy.  It looks like someone painted the keys in a garage.  I expected better.  Now I have used it for a couple of weeks in an office environment, and already one of the plastic keyboard legs has broken.  I am not hard on the equipment and don't know how it happened.This is my first Amazon review of any type.  I was quite happy to finally get a wireless keyboard and mouse.  When this was pulled from the box the finish was splotchy.  It looks like someone painted the keys in a garage.  I expected better.  Now I have used it for a couple of weeks in an office environment, and already one of the plastic keyboard legs has broken.  I am not hard on the equipment and don't know how it happened.Once in a while I press keys and nothing happens.  I can live with that.Once in a while I press keys and nothing happens.  I can live with that.On the other hand, the mouse works as expected.On the other hand, the mouse works as expected.Before you purchase one, check the process for returning it!  I would rather put up with the crappy keyboard.....Before you purchase one, check the process for returning it!  I would rather put up with the crappy keyboard.....I will continue to purchase many books from Amazon but my computer hardware will come from Dell.I will continue to purchase many books from Amazon but my computer hardware will come from Dell.
 This router had 1/4th the range of my standard linksys G-router which suddenly burned out after less then a year.  The speed (when I could get a signal) was 1 to 11 Mbps, my old router held a steady 54Mbps.  I did need a range expander for my old one to cover my whole house, but I couldn't use it with this router.  The expander only works with the basic G-router, so no way to even boost the signal on this new one.  Support was a joke, couldn't get any help or explaination as to why the "Expanded Range" was so much less range the the previous "unexpanded range"  Bought another older version, and everything's great again.  Don't waste your money or time on this
 Despite the slick marketing effort (i.e. "With SRX"), this product falls short.Despite the slick marketing effort (i.e. "With SRX"), this product falls short.The installation disk is useless.Customer support was good, when I could get through - which was not very often.I constantly lost the wireless connection.I constantly had to re-boot.Despite significant effort (utilizing the online help features) I could never obtain a secure, encrypted connection.Despite significant effort (utilizing the online help features) I could never obtain a secure, encrypted connection.No more Linksys for me!  
 I am a huge Logitech fan and buy their products in the truck load, unfortunately, this webcam is a dog with fleas.  The picture is blurry, the lighting is abmismal in low light and you can just get better performance from a less expensive web cam.  I am still a Logitech fan, but you can get better performance from QuickZoom
 I am a huge Logitech fan and buy their products in the truck load, unfortunately, this webcam is a dog with fleas.  The picture is blurry, the lighting is abmismal in low light and you can just get better performance from a less expensive web cam.  I am still a Logitech fan, but you can get better performance from QuickZoomI am a huge Logitech fan and buy their products in the truck load, unfortunately, this webcam is a dog with fleas.  The picture is blurry, the lighting is abmismal in low light and you can just get better performance from a less expensive web cam.  I am still a Logitech fan, but you can get better performance from QuickZoomI ordered this web cam because I wanted one of the better web cams on the market.  I was NOT able to get it working.  I returned it.  Very dissapointed
 Paid $34 at Best Buy for a cable that DOESN'T EVEN WORK.  Paid $34 at Best Buy for a cable that DOESN'T EVEN WORK.  Have always been skeptical of Monster Cable price points, don't buy them, took a chance.  Have always been skeptical of Monster Cable price points, don't buy them, took a chance.  As a matter of principle, this product sucks.  (For $34, I'm waiving the "bad apple in every bunch..." rebuttal
 Don't waste your money. What iRiver doesn't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead, the system is useless. I will never buy one of their products again and I'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iRiver products. My system cost me $[...] and it is now as useless as the customer service department at iRive
 These earphones provide excellent sound for the money. Rich bass, sharp treble and tight sound isolation with the comfortable and adjustable rubber earpieces. These earphones provide excellent sound for the money. Rich bass, sharp treble and tight sound isolation with the comfortable and adjustable rubber earpieces. However I experienced painful electric shocks in both ears if I put pressure on my eardrums, such as getting up from a chair. And that was before I stood in the puddle of water. Just kididng. Shocks occured in first and Sony-provided replacement pair. They eventually replaced with an on-the-ear model. However I experienced painful electric shocks in both ears if I put pressure on my eardrums, such as getting up from a chair. And that was before I stood in the puddle of water. Just kididng. Shocks occured in first and Sony-provided replacement pair. They eventually replaced with an on-the-ear model. I have no problems with other Sony headphones or earphones, I think the speaker membrane was positioned too close to my eardrums. Since there are on other comments about this issue, I'll assume its isolated, but beware of shocks on perhaps a smaller scale.
 This does not fit the iPAQ hx2755. Do not try! There are plenty of other cases out there that will work. I ended up with a 94 cent digital camera case from Wal-Mart that works better than this thing. This does not fit the iPAQ hx2755. Do not try! There are plenty of other cases out there that will work. I ended up with a 94 cent digital camera case from Wal-Mart that works better than this thing. 
 This product is terrible and I'm going to return mine or throw it away.  It constantly wanders to places I don't want it to be or trails where I think it should be based on my usage of other mice.  At this point I consider it unusable.  I've tried it on several surfaces to see if it was a tracking problem, but noticed no real change in behavior.  I think what's happening is it keeps trying to go to sleep while I'm moving it, because the tracking is OK as long as I'm moving it very quickly, but when I'm trying to precision target something like an icon or a piece of text it starts jumping erratically.  I keep it about 6 inches from my laptop at all times, and the laptop isn't complaining about connection problems
 This is a nice 4 line phone, but the digital answering system does not work. We have 2 984's and several other brand 4-line phones. I could not find any way to make either 984 work as a four line answering system. Auto-Attendent is useless in our situation. These phones are certainly not worth the money. Unfortunately there aren't many 4-line phones on the market and apparently no 4-line digital answering systems
 The first speaker came broken, I first called the manufacture but they wanted me to ship it at my cost for repair, that was not acceptable. I then called Amazon and you took the item back promptly. When I tried to have replacement shipped I was informed the price had increased and I would have to pay the difference, since this is the speaker my wife wanted I was forced to pay the increased price. I am not happy with this tansaction.
 I can't get good reception at any range from source. Intermittent when two rooms away from source. Have to move the speaker unit around to find an acceptable location. Doesn't automatically retune when being turned back on. Not at all what I expected from this piece of equipment.
 I assumed all tape adapters were comparable.  This one worked fine for 1 week.  Then it sporadically ejected itself from the tap deck.  A few days later it broke completely and is now jammed in my tape deck.  The tape deck on my car stereo is now broken as is the Macally Podtape.  I would buy another a different brand of adapter, but I no longer have a tape deck that works in my car.  My worst purchase on Amazon to date. 
 Have this optical cable for about a year before it was broken. According to the package, it has lifetime warranty. Sent back to the company and got a rejected mail saying, "COMPANY OUT OF BUSINESS, RETURN TO SENDER". The company address on the label is: Have this optical cable for about a year before it was broken. According to the package, it has lifetime warranty. Sent back to the company and got a rejected mail saying, "COMPANY OUT OF BUSINESS, RETURN TO SENDER". The company address on the label is: Recoton Accessories, Inc.2950 Lake Emma RoadLake Mary, FL 32746.Made in Chin
 I tried to use it in my Dell X50 and it hardly worked, was too slow, too short range, you have to unplug and plug it bacl again and again.I tried to use it in my Dell X50 and it hardly worked, was too slow, too short range, you have to unplug and plug it bacl again and again.I other words, do not buy this if you have a Dell X50, you will just waste your money and time trying to make it work
 I purchased this armband to hold my Nano during workouts.  The band barely fits my arm and tends to slide down the arm while running or cross training.  Looking for a replacement right now
 I purchased the 2 yrs warranty for my Samsung LCD tv but I never received any information on it.
 The plug on the external antenna does bot fit the jack on the Magellan unit - avoid this until Magellan figures this out.  Seems like they would use a standard plug/jack pair for all products
 Got this antenna from my wife for my birthday; to go with my Roadmate 760 I just purchased.. The antenna we received was the AT-65 antenna. Instead of the large round antenna in the picture it was a small rectangular antenna (1 inch x 1 1/2 inch) with no indication that it was an actual Magellan antenna, on the unit itself. The package had a Magellan cardboard insert but this was definitely not the antenna pictured
 Unfortunately, I too received a switched item (at-65)in a sealed Magellan box today.  Jennifer in Customer service assured me that they will refund the purchase and that they will investigate the stock they have.  She was very apologetic and helpful. I will see what happens but am thankful that she was there to help
 Using this product to communicate between motorcycles as promoted by the very fact that there are motorcycle headsets for your helmut available for these radios is clearly unsafe.  The distractions created by the radios having no range after about 100 feet can prove fatal for a motorcycle ryder due to a momentary lapse in concentration, just as it would be between a bike and a car.Using this product to communicate between motorcycles as promoted by the very fact that there are motorcycle headsets for your helmut available for these radios is clearly unsafe.  The distractions created by the radios having no range after about 100 feet can prove fatal for a motorcycle ryder due to a momentary lapse in concentration, just as it would be between a bike and a car.I purchased these radios as the better of the Midland lot - with an 18 mile range.  An outright lie.  I bought them to communicate between two motorcycles- either myself and my brother (after also purchasing 2 of the motorcycle helmut headstets), or between me on the bike and my girlfriend driving my jeep following me on a long distance ride.  We don't even get 100 feet out of them when the radios begin to breakup and are usless.  The range increases as long as you are not moving.  I haven't tested them while one user is moving on the road or on the highway and one user sitting stationary.  I intend to contact Midland about a full refund, but if they don't work when you are moving then what good are they?. I purchased these radios as the better of the Midland lot - with an 18 mile range.  An outright lie.  I bought them to communicate between two motorcycles- either myself and my brother (after also purchasing 2 of the motorcycle helmut headstets), or between me on the bike and my girlfriend driving my jeep following me on a long distance ride.  We don't even get 100 feet out of them when the radios begin to breakup and are usless.  The range increases as long as you are not moving.  I haven't tested them while one user is moving on the road or on the highway and one user sitting stationary.  I intend to contact Midland about a full refund, but if they don't work when you are moving then what good are they?. How could they fabricate these claims of 18 miles?  Even if they couldn't do 18 miles, how about a half mile?  How about 1/4 mile or 1/8 mile?  Not even that.  This is a discrace.  I'm just another customer handed a bogus deal.  Do not buy any GMRS stuff from Midland
 subwoofer should not be called that: it's tiny, and distorts if the slightest bass is put through it. Not good for music, not good for gaming. Steer clear
 This radio is poorly built. When you set it down the little door in back opens and the batteries fall out. You put them back in, carefully set it down, then when you pick it back up the little battery door falls open and the batteries fall out again...Now, I put rubber bands around the whole radio to keep the battery door in place....stay away from this particular model unless you have lots of rubber bands...good luck and thanks for the opportunity to write the review...                                        Bruce Payn
 I will not be sending this item to my frail 85-year old mother in law to help her survive in hurricane alley on the west coast of Florida.  It is virtually impossible to open the battery case cover to assemble the rechargeable battery connection for this radio.  Most folks would buy this and store it until needed and so would not know in advance that they cannot access the battery compartment.  This is unacceptable design failure for something the Red Cross is touting as a household essential.I will not be sending this item to my frail 85-year old mother in law to help her survive in hurricane alley on the west coast of Florida.  It is virtually impossible to open the battery case cover to assemble the rechargeable battery connection for this radio.  Most folks would buy this and store it until needed and so would not know in advance that they cannot access the battery compartment.  This is unacceptable design failure for something the Red Cross is touting as a household essential.When the company was contacted for assistance, they suggested inserting a butter knife in the hinge and forcing the cover open!!  Folks have already reported being injured in trying to force the cover open.When the company was contacted for assistance, they suggested inserting a butter knife in the hinge and forcing the cover open!!  Folks have already reported being injured in trying to force the cover open.I will be returning this one as soon as I can
 I had to return two faulty DVD players. One would freeze frame the picture and the audio would keep on playing.  The replacement DVD player kept saying "Wrong Disc" and was very very loud when it would actually play a disc.  I ended up having to search and find a different DVD player all together because they wouldn't replace the 2nd faulty product.  (Which was packaged inappropriately and possibly damaged in shipment)
 The cigarette lighter adapter (with speaker) is really bad quality, the original one worn out within 1 year, I purchased a new adapter and worn out within 6 month. Garmin need to do better
 SHORT cord cannot be replaced, so don't bother with this phone unless you can sit RIGHT by it to chat.
 This seller COMPUTER BRAIN is charging $20.18 to ship these ink cartridges...I knew the price was too good to be true...Beware
 I ordered the Passport X50 from Amazon to save the $18 shipping Escort Radar was charging. I was told by someone at Escort Radar that Amazon was an authorized reseller.I ordered the Passport X50 from Amazon to save the $18 shipping Escort Radar was charging. I was told by someone at Escort Radar that Amazon was an authorized reseller.After having my detector on for ten minutes (right out of the box), it did three "SELF CAL"s, then said "SERVICE REQUIRED". I called Escort Radar and was told "If you let the car power up the unit when you start the car, the voltage can be all over the place and the unit gets confused. You must first start the car, and then use the thumbwheel to turn on the detector." It makes some sense, but if this is really the case, why don't they put those instructions in their manual? After trying this many times, the unit was "still confused", so I returned it for a replacement.After having my detector on for ten minutes (right out of the box), it did three "SELF CAL"s, then said "SERVICE REQUIRED". I called Escort Radar and was told "If you let the car power up the unit when you start the car, the voltage can be all over the place and the unit gets confused. You must first start the car, and then use the thumbwheel to turn on the detector." It makes some sense, but if this is really the case, why don't they put those instructions in their manual? After trying this many times, the unit was "still confused", so I returned it for a replacement.My second detector worked for maybe thirty minutes before the same thing happened. This time Escort Radar told me "if you leave it plugged into the cigarette lighter over night, this has been found to cause problems." Well my lighter power goes off when I turn off the ignition, so this doesn't apply. Escort Radar also told me that "excessive heat" has been causing them problems. Now we have had a few days of 100 heat, and I'm sure the car gets hotter parked in the sun, but the design engineers should have accounted for these conditions plus some margin when you design something that is supposed to work in a car. It gets a lot hotter in other parts of the country. There are no warnings in the manual about not using it above 90 or leaving it off in a hot car. You wouldn't design a ski that doesn't work below 35, would you???My second detector worked for maybe thirty minutes before the same thing happened. This time Escort Radar told me "if you leave it plugged into the cigarette lighter over night, this has been found to cause problems." Well my lighter power goes off when I turn off the ignition, so this doesn't apply. Escort Radar also told me that "excessive heat" has been causing them problems. Now we have had a few days of 100 heat, and I'm sure the car gets hotter parked in the sun, but the design engineers should have accounted for these conditions plus some margin when you design something that is supposed to work in a car. It gets a lot hotter in other parts of the country. There are no warnings in the manual about not using it above 90 or leaving it off in a hot car. You wouldn't design a ski that doesn't work below 35, would you???The most troubling part of my conversation with Escort Radar service department was they told me Amazon is not an authorized reseller, and they have no idea where they are getting the units from. Furthermore, they will not honor any warranty nor will they ever repair the unit, not even for money.
 I've got an engineering degree in computer science.  I've been supporting multi-million dollar web applications for years.  It took me 4 hours to get this device to sync properly with the Rhapsody music subscription service that it is promoted for.  There is no way a normal person is going to be able to get it to function in any capacity except as a straight mp3 player.I've got an engineering degree in computer science.  I've been supporting multi-million dollar web applications for years.  It took me 4 hours to get this device to sync properly with the Rhapsody music subscription service that it is promoted for.  There is no way a normal person is going to be able to get it to function in any capacity except as a straight mp3 player.It's not ipod caliber quality, the only reason you'd get it is for the Rhapsody service.  If you are not highly technical and patient, move on!It's not ipod caliber quality, the only reason you'd get it is for the Rhapsody service.  If you are not highly technical and patient, move on!Player itself works fine
 I ordered this unit with high expectations, lots of memory, expandable, multiple modes, from a well known company and an excellent price; how could I go wrong?.  Easily enough, as it turns out.  I ordered this unit with high expectations, lots of memory, expandable, multiple modes, from a well known company and an excellent price; how could I go wrong?.  Easily enough, as it turns out.  I was unable to load it and control the play lists.  Trying to use it in MTP mode always crashed the host (BSOD) so I reverted to MSD (Mass Storage Device) mode using drag and drop.I was unable to load it and control the play lists.  Trying to use it in MTP mode always crashed the host (BSOD) so I reverted to MSD (Mass Storage Device) mode using drag and drop.Dragging a folder to the device was pointless.  Most of the time the files didn't even show up, and when they did they were scattered all over the place.  I copied 82 files from the Lord of the Rings set into a single folder, only 52 could be found even during play back, but they could be seen from "My Computer" on the host system.  After fooling around with it for a couple of hours I gave up and called SanDisk technical support certain they would be able to help me sort it out. Dragging a folder to the device was pointless.  Most of the time the files didn't even show up, and when they did they were scattered all over the place.  I copied 82 files from the Lord of the Rings set into a single folder, only 52 could be found even during play back, but they could be seen from "My Computer" on the host system.  After fooling around with it for a couple of hours I gave up and called SanDisk technical support certain they would be able to help me sort it out. I have to admit that I was pleased with their support even though in the end they were unable to resolve any of the problems other than by suggesting that the only way to use drag and drop was to dump everything into the MUSIC folder where it would play in whatever order the device wanted; a totally useless method. I have to admit that I was pleased with their support even though in the end they were unable to resolve any of the problems other than by suggesting that the only way to use drag and drop was to dump everything into the MUSIC folder where it would play in whatever order the device wanted; a totally useless method. This was totally unsatisfactory since there was no control over the play list and no way to even find all of the files that would fit into 8+gb.  Imagine listening to the first movement of Swan Lake followed immediately by something from 9 Inch Nails, then maybe a Bach Cantata!. This was totally unsatisfactory since there was no control over the play list and no way to even find all of the files that would fit into 8+gb.  Imagine listening to the first movement of Swan Lake followed immediately by something from 9 Inch Nails, then maybe a Bach Cantata!. Using Media Player to sync did no better.  Creating a playlist (m3u) of 82 files and then syncing did exactly the same as drag and drop.  A hopeless mess, no play order, missing files and so on.  Using Media Player to sync did no better.  Creating a playlist (m3u) of 82 files and then syncing did exactly the same as drag and drop.  A hopeless mess, no play order, missing files and so on.  After spending 3 hours with SanDisk tech support we were both more than ready to quit.  The tech had no more idea that I did about how to solve the problems that plagued the player and we both gave it up as a bad job.After spending 3 hours with SanDisk tech support we were both more than ready to quit.  The tech had no more idea that I did about how to solve the problems that plagued the player and we both gave it up as a bad job.This is little machine has plenty going for it in the specification, but it's hopelessly flawed in the implementation, and this is without complaining about the stiff control wheel or the overly small buttons.  This is little machine has plenty going for it in the specification, but it's hopelessly flawed in the implementation, and this is without complaining about the stiff control wheel or the overly small buttons.  Throughly frustrated, it was in the mail being returned less than 8 hours after I received it.  I just cannot recommend this player, it needs a through overhaul of the interface and firmware; and fixing the control wheel and buttons would be a plus as well.  As it stands, it's without merit as a player.Throughly frustrated, it was in the mail being returned less than 8 hours after I received it.  I just cannot recommend this player, it needs a through overhaul of the interface and firmware; and fixing the control wheel and buttons would be a plus as well.  As it stands, it's without merit as a player.Throughly frustrated, it was in the mail being returned less than 8 hours after I received it.  I just cannot recommend this player, it needs a through overhaul of the interface and firmware; and fixing the control wheel and buttons would be a plus as well.  As it stands, it's without merit as a player.Throughly frustrated, it was in the mail being returned less than 8 hours after I received it.  I just cannot recommend this player, it needs a through overhaul of the interface and firmware; and fixing the control wheel and buttons would be a plus as well.  As it stands, it's without merit as a player.								
 I had high expectations for this product, having bought some of Sandisk's other products. The problem with the e280 is that Sandisk doesn't give users the control or the versatility over file management. For example, using it in the (mass storage) MSC USB mode, one is forced to create playlists in Windows Media Player. This works, but one of the drawbacks is that playlist creations can be plagued with files that have errors or are skipped. I had high expectations for this product, having bought some of Sandisk's other products. The problem with the e280 is that Sandisk doesn't give users the control or the versatility over file management. For example, using it in the (mass storage) MSC USB mode, one is forced to create playlists in Windows Media Player. This works, but one of the drawbacks is that playlist creations can be plagued with files that have errors or are skipped. It would be far better if one could just drag folders and music mp3 files to the right folder and play them, with multiple folder levels. This would allow catogorizing music the way the user wishes; instead, Sandisk adopts an almost Microsoft mentality in its approach. "It's our way or the highway." Once one masters creating playlists, they have to settle for dumping them all into one directory.It would be far better if one could just drag folders and music mp3 files to the right folder and play them, with multiple folder levels. This would allow catogorizing music the way the user wishes; instead, Sandisk adopts an almost Microsoft mentality in its approach. "It's our way or the highway." Once one masters creating playlists, they have to settle for dumping them all into one directory.It's too bad because reading the manual and reading the reviews, one can easily get the idea that the e200 series can be set up like just another USB storage device (including other, previous Sandisk products). Well, you can, but it won't make much difference if the device won't play.It's too bad because reading the manual and reading the reviews, one can easily get the idea that the e200 series can be set up like just another USB storage device (including other, previous Sandisk products). Well, you can, but it won't make much difference if the device won't play.It's too bad because reading the manual and reading the reviews, one can easily get the idea that the e200 series can be set up like just another USB storage device (including other, previous Sandisk products). Well, you can, but it won't make much difference if the device won't play.
 DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM.  IT IS TERRIBLE.The itrip has awful reception.  It isnt worth the money.  Wait for something better
 Believe the opinions of most of the people who have made the mistake - like me - of buying this thing: It is pure junk! It has to be one of the worst hoaxes ever put over on consumers. It does not work, and you can forget getting any real help or service out of Griffin Technology
 It's better if you spend your money in something else. It has a ridiculous transmitting power. So bad that even radio transmitters from miles away interferes with this device 1 ft from the radio receiver. The audio quality is so bad that totally destroys the pleasure of listening to your music. In fact this device should be forbidden to be sold or should be tagged as phony advertise
 This is about the worse thing i've ever bought for an ipod accessory. It does NOT work. All I heard was static, and very little music. If you do want to hear music, you literally have to hold your ipod right next to the radio and stay perfectly still or all you'll get is static. I bought this online and received it and was so excited to use it. I was hesitant to buy it, seeing almost every review has said it doesn't work but I bought it anyway, don't buy it! Every review I've seen has negative feedback for this item, and I agree with everyone. I figured since Griffin made a new itrip, it would be better and work great. However, it is the total opposite from that. I do NOT recommend this product at all. Don't waste your time or money
 never received the item.  Have to go thru the process of filing a claim with UPS for lost/not delivered item. No way to complain to Amazon.com.
 I purchased this item after carefully reading all the other reviews. I, like others, cound not get it to work with wireless security turned on. I even tired using the "tricks" described in another review. I purchased this item after carefully reading all the other reviews. I, like others, cound not get it to work with wireless security turned on. I even tired using the "tricks" described in another review. To be fair, the product worked fine without wireless security, but I see little point in helping my neighbors tap my internet connection.To be fair, the product worked fine without wireless security, but I see little point in helping my neighbors tap my internet connection.I am very disappointed in the product
 I won't recommend to any body. You have the same way of charging thru your computer. I think is waste
 Put the card in my W2000 PC, followed instructions.  Got to the part about loading the driver, the book says to go to the \drivers\WIN2000 driver on the CD included in the box- guess what, it's not on the disk included in the box.  Since I use a connection that needs this stupid card to work, now I have to find another PC and down load the driver
 Hard to figure out and organize music... battery life not what is promised and needs to be changed often... don't recommend it. Very "Not happy
 A year later and I wish I had the money for an ipod. I have been having the audiojack issue for a long time and don't even take my player with me anywhere anymore. What's the point of having an mp3 player you can't walk around with? Ridiculous
 We bought three Creative players.  My husband and I have the Zen micro and my daughter the Zen 20GB.  All three of ours just froze up and stopped working with one year.  I didn't even use mine but maybe two hours per week.  Good thing my daughter's was within her one year period by a couple of days. She still had to pay $25.00  Now my husband and I have to just junk ours and buy something else.  Customer service is awful!!  They won't talk to you unless you show your receipt at least three times.  What a piece of garbage!!
 Don't waste your money. What iRiver doesn't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead, the system is useless. I will never buy one of their products again and I'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iRiver products. My system cost me $[...] and it is now as useless as the customer service department at iRive
 I have a 5gb but a lot of the H10's are having the same problem.  I can play all of the songs that I owned myself but everything through the subscription service has run out and can't be reinstalled. I've done a little research about the disappearing MP3 player and it appears to be a problem that is affecting a lot of the H10's and 1 other model I can't remember right now and iRiver can't figure it out; although I've been told they are trying desperately to find the bug....So buy with caution.... 
 I've had this MP3 player since it came out and, if anyone is still considering getting it, I must advise otherwise.  The MP3 player itself looks and feels great, and the navigational features are very easy to use.  The problem is that the player itself is extremely unreliable.  I have used 3 versions of this player (expecting each time that the player was simply faulty), and all of them glitch up terribly.  I constantly have to take my battery out to reset the player as it will freeze during normal play.  It also freezes half of the time that I try to sync with WMP.  In addition, sometimes it simply refuses to take deleted songs off of my H10's list of tracks (even though they no longer exist on the player).I've had this MP3 player since it came out and, if anyone is still considering getting it, I must advise otherwise.  The MP3 player itself looks and feels great, and the navigational features are very easy to use.  The problem is that the player itself is extremely unreliable.  I have used 3 versions of this player (expecting each time that the player was simply faulty), and all of them glitch up terribly.  I constantly have to take my battery out to reset the player as it will freeze during normal play.  It also freezes half of the time that I try to sync with WMP.  In addition, sometimes it simply refuses to take deleted songs off of my H10's list of tracks (even though they no longer exist on the player).Finally, iRiver has terrible customer service and they do not even back their own products!  As a owner of two iRivers (H10 and the 120), I have seen for a while how they function: they will offer updates for their faulty firmware for about a month, and then they leave that product to produce a new one.  It seems like they have a new Mp3 player being introduced every few months.  Their customer service is extremely hard to get a hold of, and if you do, they will simply say you need to send it to the factory (occasionally you will get a rep that will actually send you a brand new one for free, though).Finally, iRiver has terrible customer service and they do not even back their own products!  As a owner of two iRivers (H10 and the 120), I have seen for a while how they function: they will offer updates for their faulty firmware for about a month, and then they leave that product to produce a new one.  It seems like they have a new Mp3 player being introduced every few months.  Their customer service is extremely hard to get a hold of, and if you do, they will simply say you need to send it to the factory (occasionally you will get a rep that will actually send you a brand new one for free, though).Be smart, stick to a Creative, the new Toshiba Gigabeat S, or (clench your fists) an iPod
 Does not live up to expectations.  Sound is tinny.  Hard to find stations, very narrow band of reception...plan to purchase a grundig
 I ordered this mount for a Sharp 20 inch LCD and it's not that great. It was very easy to install, however, the arm when fully outstretched does not sit level. Thus when the TV is pulled away from the wall, the set is not level and very annoying to look at. I don't believe this is a fault in the actual part, but the design of the arm. This was relatively inexpensive for a wall mount - and you get what you pay for
 I'd recommend selecting a different security cable product, especially if you have a PowerBook or MacBook. This one is poorly made, even more poorly documented, and may have permanently damaged my PowerBook G4. (Yes, the product web site claims this model is compatible with the PB  G4.) I'd recommend selecting a different security cable product, especially if you have a PowerBook or MacBook. This one is poorly made, even more poorly documented, and may have permanently damaged my PowerBook G4. (Yes, the product web site claims this model is compatible with the PB  G4.) It's unclear from the cryptic instruction diagram on the back of the packaging which direction is locked and which is unlocked. (Hey, would it be so bad to actually use *words* to explain things? Even in 4 or 5 languages if you like. The diagrams make no sense.)It's unclear from the cryptic instruction diagram on the back of the packaging which direction is locked and which is unlocked. (Hey, would it be so bad to actually use *words* to explain things? Even in 4 or 5 languages if you like. The diagrams make no sense.)In the process of trying to get this to work, it appears that the locking teeth chewed up the security slot of my PowerBook. It may have permanently damaged the slot. Needless to say, I will attempt to return the product for a refund. In the process of trying to get this to work, it appears that the locking teeth chewed up the security slot of my PowerBook. It may have permanently damaged the slot. Needless to say, I will attempt to return the product for a refund. There are plenty of similar products on the market, including others avaiable through Amazon. I'd suggest trying one of those.
 Total garbage. No only this thing is huge, bigger than most mp3 players and it doesn't have a belt clip or anything, it sounds awful, absolutely horrible. The hiss others complained about is very loud, it also picks up all sorts of interference resulting in beeping, buzzing and all kinds of high pitched noises. Besides the hiss and the interference the sound is horrible, low dynamics and distorts easily. This is a bad product that should be taken off the market. It's not even worth the price here. Heck, even $1.99 would be a waste of money. Avoid
 It is a great idea, with a few qualifiers.I have found that the forward and reverse buttons don't function for my video ipod or for my niece's nano (maybe it would for a non-apple mp3 player?).  I have to pair the device to the Ipod every time I turn it on.  The bluetooth transponder will drain the ipod's battery even though it has it's own battery.  Sound quality is decent. 
 It was great at first until the connector to iPod break by itself.  The bluetooth signal wasn't the best, it loses signal constantly.  I had to re-sync and paired it up several times over a month period.  The high price iMuffs MB210 from WI-GEAR gives a better promise with the ability to stop your iPod music and take a cellphone call with noise canceling microphone.  Its Bluetooth adapter fits cleaning on iPods with dock connectors, likely will not break as easily.  I sure hope Logiteh will follow suit in this trend
 The sound crackles if the cord bends a bit at the connector. All around poor quality and construction. I'm thinking about returning it..
 It's Logitech...it should have a built in Microphone.  instead there's a small head set.  don't buy this.  spend a little more for a built in microphone
 I have had this TV for less than 90 days and bulb has burned out, I called Samsung support and the bulb is covered by warranty.  They said they would send my phone number to service center and they would contact me in no more than 72 hours.  72 hours later still no call, I again called Samsung and they said they would contact the service center again and I would be called in 24 hours, still no call.  This was repeated 5 times and each time I asked to be referred to another center but was told none existed in my area.I have had this TV for less than 90 days and bulb has burned out, I called Samsung support and the bulb is covered by warranty.  They said they would send my phone number to service center and they would contact me in no more than 72 hours.  72 hours later still no call, I again called Samsung and they said they would contact the service center again and I would be called in 24 hours, still no call.  This was repeated 5 times and each time I asked to be referred to another center but was told none existed in my area.Fianlly after 6 calls, Samsung referred me to another center.  I then called them and they sent up an appointment 3 days later.  Day of appointment technician called and told me from the problem I described when I made the appointment I needed a new bulb (duh) and he had ordered one this morning and would call to make another appointment once they received the bulb. I specifically asked if they had the bulb in stock when I made the appointment.  Why they didn't order the bulb when they first set up the appointment, I don't know.  I called Samsung again and was told bulbs are usually shipped within a week of the order.  Neither the words usually or week improved my impression of their support. My fear is that when the technician comes out to change the bulb he will find another part he has to order and I am back on the Samsung support merry-go-round again. Fianlly after 6 calls, Samsung referred me to another center.  I then called them and they sent up an appointment 3 days later.  Day of appointment technician called and told me from the problem I described when I made the appointment I needed a new bulb (duh) and he had ordered one this morning and would call to make another appointment once they received the bulb. I specifically asked if they had the bulb in stock when I made the appointment.  Why they didn't order the bulb when they first set up the appointment, I don't know.  I called Samsung again and was told bulbs are usually shipped within a week of the order.  Neither the words usually or week improved my impression of their support. My fear is that when the technician comes out to change the bulb he will find another part he has to order and I am back on the Samsung support merry-go-round again. Now I realize that even though the set does (did) have a good picture etc, if you can't see it, it doesn't matter. I now have a very expensive paperweight. For me Samsung support has been a black hole and I have yet to see any results after two weeks and no hope in sight for the near future.  What happens after the warranty is over and I have to pay for a new bulb every three months?  If this sounds like I am not very happy with the situation that is the truth.  I am tired of Samsung and the service centers being sorry for the problems and delays but then telling me there is nothing they can do at this point.  I agree, you solve the problem by doing the right thing the first time or the second time or third time etc I am hoping maybe the eighth time is the charm with my Samsung experience.
 This is the third Palm PDA I have owned.  I bought the E2 directly from Palm after my previous palm died. It simply quit shortly after the warranty expired. Telephone support is poor and expensive.  After research this is a common problem.  This is the third Palm PDA I have owned.  I bought the E2 directly from Palm after my previous palm died. It simply quit shortly after the warranty expired. Telephone support is poor and expensive.  After research this is a common problem.  My employer pays for PDA's for executives and since I approve of all of these products, I will hereafter not allow any purchase of any Palm product based on falty products, poor customer support and extremely poor customer support.
 I am somewhat computer savvy - I understand the the IP address assigned in installation needs to match what my own router assigned for an ip address.  They don't match and I can't figure out how to change it.  I called Netgear 4 days ago for help and they said their "senior tech" would have to call me back.  Still waiting for that call.  Back to Staples it goes.  The installation appeared successful, but whenever I try to print, it says "error - printer is busy"  The so-called instruction manual for this is laughable.  IF you're not an advance level IT person, don't try it
 I bought this print server back in December 2005. I used it with my All-in-One Brother printer MFC-4800. The installation was easy. It worked great......for 4 months. Then...then... it just stoped working after 4 months. I tried to disconnect and reconnect the power, Ethernet cable etc...nothing helped. May be I just got a bad product
 I had the same problems as already stated. I am currently having the volume issue as well, and yes my batteries are weak (the light is on).I had the same problems as already stated. I am currently having the volume issue as well, and yes my batteries are weak (the light is on).The first unit I bought lasted two weaks and then there was no sound at all. I called Sharper Image and they agreed to send a replacement. I waited two weeks and nothing. I called again and they had no record of my previous phone call. They did send a replacement and told me it would be sent overnight if "deemed appropriate by management." It was not shipped overnight.The first unit I bought lasted two weaks and then there was no sound at all. I called Sharper Image and they agreed to send a replacement. I waited two weeks and nothing. I called again and they had no record of my previous phone call. They did send a replacement and told me it would be sent overnight if "deemed appropriate by management." It was not shipped overnight.Bottom line - this product is awful. Do not buy - I regret it! It is worth it to spend more money on a different product. This only has a 90 day warranty and it doesn't last quite that long.
 I waited 10 days for this to arrive. The first time I plugged it in it ran for 2 minutes.  I typed Dear and the machine typed wcm"  When I tried  to erase wcm" the erase mechanism did not work. I turned the machine off and when I switched it back on the carriage went to the far left and will not move, ie I cannot type or use the machine in any way. When the machine came two of the keys were knocked loose and I had to stick them back on. Now when I look at the machine I can see it is assymetrical...there is a 1/4 gap in the base, so it must have been dropped or damaged somewhere.  This is not acceptable but I have no way to contact whoever Mstasad is.  I have a huge project to do over the labor day weekend but I don't have a typewriter that works.  I feel cheated and am very upset..
 I got 0~1 bars on my wifi detector and hoped that this would help.  But it didn't get any better.  You'll have to get some decent signal beforehand in order to get this antenna to make things better for you, I suppose.
 I bought these batteries on what was writen on their packaging. It was not true to what was said. These batteries died after only 25 minutes in my digital camera. And a set of Duracell Ultras, that are not rechargeable, lasted longer. Do not always believe what you read. Make sure you have the ability to return items. And is with this case, they went back. I went with a set of energizers. And they last much longer, with the power being the smae as these 1800mah monster brand
 I purchased the Zen Nano four months ago.  It was working then total system failure.  At first I thought the battery was dead, but a new battery didn't help.  The screen would flash on and then off.  It will not boot up.  Plugging it into the computer did no good, it could not be reconized or accessed.  It goes in the trash.  In addition when it was working the shuffle mode would only play some of the songs stored.  Also, the output volumn was to low.  I would use it while riding my bike and it needs to be loud enough to hear it over the road noise, it wasn't up to the task.  Now it is landfill
 I had to buy a new one, and I chose another brand (Logitech) this time. There is no On/Off button, so the batteries run out if you don't take them out (I think the buttons are pressed during transportation). Now the battery contacts are not functioning properly. And I had the same problem described in a recent review: "I'll click three or four times and nothing happens. Then, I'll click and the slides go in fast forward until the end. It's quite embarrassing to be giving a professional presentation and have this happen."
 Do not buy.  This may be the worst product I've ever bought.  It has never worked properly.  I've kept fresh batteries in it, but it's still no good.  Within 10 feet of the laptop, I'll click three or four times and nothing happens.  Then, I'll click and the slides go in fast forward until the end.  It's quite embarrassing to be giving a professional presentation and have this happen.Do not buy.  This may be the worst product I've ever bought.  It has never worked properly.  I've kept fresh batteries in it, but it's still no good.  Within 10 feet of the laptop, I'll click three or four times and nothing happens.  Then, I'll click and the slides go in fast forward until the end.  It's quite embarrassing to be giving a professional presentation and have this happen.Awful product.  Believe the bad reviews.  It's worse than they describe.Awful product.  Believe the bad reviews.  It's worse than they describe.The only positive thing I can say about the product is that it doubles nicely as a cat toy.  My cat loves the laser pointer
 DO NOT BUY THIS MOUSE! This mouse has given me nothing but frustration.This mouse has given me nothing but frustration.1. The front of the mouse where the buttons are located is extremely low, causing a muscle strain in your hand if you use it for long periods of time.1. The front of the mouse where the buttons are located is extremely low, causing a muscle strain in your hand if you use it for long periods of time.2. Battery life is horrible. Like 2 weeks...2. Battery life is horrible. Like 2 weeks...3. When your mouse is idle for 8 minutes, it goes into an automatic sleep mode. The manual says to touch the metal lines on the side to "revive" it but when I do it simply freeze the cursor on the screen. So I have to reboot my computer.3. When your mouse is idle for 8 minutes, it goes into an automatic sleep mode. The manual says to touch the metal lines on the side to "revive" it but when I do it simply freeze the cursor on the screen. So I have to reboot my computer.Absolutely the worst!!
 I bought one of these.  It worked OK about three months and then just quit.  I do not recommend for anyone else
 I tried it with 3 differnt usb sticks and I could sometiems successfully record a 3 minute songs, but most of the time it failed. I tried to record with an ipod - no success and also with 2 different external usb harddrives. I tried it with 3 differnt usb sticks and I could sometiems successfully record a 3 minute songs, but most of the time it failed. I tried to record with an ipod - no success and also with 2 different external usb harddrives. I'm very glad that amazon took this unit back.I'm very glad that amazon took this unit back.I would not recommend this unit.I would not recommend this unit.
 Got it home and it had poor focus. The center was ok but the sides were definitely out of focus. the next morning the focus problem was gone. Go figure. The big problem for me was the time it took to  change channels. A full 3 seconds. Went back to the store and found this is a common problem with tube tvs. Well I took it back and went to Walmart and got a Sanyo HT27546 for $270. Good set with quick channel change. It also has an optical digital outputwhich the Toshiba did not. The Sanyo also has a full one year warrenty. Sound on both TVs is fine. A small point. The Toshiba can not be set up to go to closed caption when you hit Mute
 I posted a review two weeks ago, but it hasn't appeared, so I'm trying again...I bought this lock two years ago.  It has always been difficult to remove.  (Note:  despite what some other reviewers seem to think, it does NOT have a motion detector - that's a different lock.)  Recently, the lock decided to remain firmly inside my iBook, despite my efforts to remove it.  After a fruitless call to Targus's customer support, I finally got it out.  That took over 30 minutes of struggle.  My next step was going to be purchasing a hack saw.  Apparently, the Targus lock is not a good fit for iBooks.  I'm going to send mine back and demand compensation.  If you own an iBook, I strongly suggest you buy a lock made by someone other than Targus
 Mine didn't work out of the box.  Just my experience.  I am taking this thing back to the store tomorrow.  I returned another crappy webcam today to buy this,  so you can imagine how irritated I am with the lame quality of these things
 as far as using the ipod as a recorder I think an actual digital recorder would get better sound. The italk picks up  all ambient sound. I have even used it with an external mic and still not wowed with the clarity
 It's partly my fault, of course. I bought this to use on my motorcycle. I thought the small size, especially the flat body, would fit nicely into the top of a tank bag. I also bought a special handlebar mount for it. Unfortunately, I've had nothing but trouble with it. It's slow to acquire satellites and to recalculate routes. Whether you're driving a car or a motorcycle, it's not up to the task of keeping pace with changes in your route. Maybe it was intended for pedestrians only. The user interface for the GPS is not intuitive (at least, not for me), Worse still, it freezes often when trying to download maps and when deleting stored routes. The Garmin helpline in the UK could only tell me to reset the machine each time. Not very helpful. My guess is that the combination of palm PC and GPS was too much for Garmin to handle. They should probably just stick to GPS.
 I use it for my Zen MicroPhoto and it does not work at all.  It has the lowest battery life, used it for twenty mintues and it started to get worse and worse.  There is no possible way of getting rid of the static unless you are the MP3 player below the transmitter, which is obviously dangerous while driving.  You can only tune it to four stations which are 88.1, 88.3, 88.5 and 88.7 which is absolutely pointless approach to an FM transmitter.  I seriously regret every buying this transmitter
 It'll do in a pinch....but I hope there are better options. It'll do in a pinch....but I hope there are better options. At times the sound is clear, however, most of the time the static is either 1) just annoying or 2) the static is so loud and piercing that you have to turn it off. At times the sound is clear, however, most of the time the static is either 1) just annoying or 2) the static is so loud and piercing that you have to turn it off. I hope there are units that broadcast a stronger signal, or have another way to connect, in order to provide a constant tolerable sound quality. I would recommend spending some more money to get a reliable device.I hope there are units that broadcast a stronger signal, or have another way to connect, in order to provide a constant tolerable sound quality. I would recommend spending some more money to get a reliable device.
 I've spent over two hours tweaking this, and over an hour on the phone with customer support.  The thing still wont connect to the internet.  Don't get me wrong, the lights light up and my laptop can connect to the ROUTER, but the router wont connect to the internet.Belkin tech support told me to send it back.  I will and I think I will try the Dlink Pre N.Belkin tech support told me to send it back.  I will and I think I will try the Dlink Pre N.
 Thinks my street is 50 feet before it actually is, therefore recalculates before the turn.If I go a different route, it continually tries to get me to make a "U" turn.Instead of shortest or fastest route, it may pick one that is very roundabout (you should see how it wants me to drive home from work).Maps need to be updated more often.  Street Atlas or Streets and Maps do a better job of being updated...I'd use them except I don't want to tie up a PC just to drive across town.It might work well for cross country, for me, it's an expensive toy that I have yet to develop trust in.It might work well for cross country, for me, it's an expensive toy that I have yet to develop trust in.
 This thing works well until a bulb blows out. When I replace the bulb, it will not turn off after 4 minutes and I end up having to replace it
 I knew I had to pay shipping for this cards ($5) so I decided to buy 4 at once, what was my surprise that at checkout they wanted to charge me five dollars shipping for each card eventhough they were going to be ship together I decided not to buy them anymore. They lie telling you that you are saving a huge 1% but at the end you pay almost 20 dollars for each card that is more or less 35% more than anywhere else. Its a shame that they try to rip you off that way. BUY THEM AT THE APPLE STORE ON LINE, NO SHIPPING FEE !!!!!!!! YOU PAY ONLY FACE VALUE NOT A CENT MOR
 Why does a 15.00 gift card cost 24.00? I was going to get one but first someone explain this to me? Is the card itself made out of gold? Whaz up wit dat
 I loved my little Seagate 5.0GB drive, even after the first one crashed and burned. But the second time, I cannot forgive. I carried it everywhere in my pocket, and maybe that was part of the problem, but if it can't handle that then it is no good to me. Solid state memory, here I come
 I dislike ipods so i figure I try something else and hope for the best..Unfortunately I was wrongItunes and Ipods are definitely much better..Basically this device is a cheap piece of crap and it seems like Sandisk's approach is WYSIWYG..disappointingBasically this device is a cheap piece of crap and it seems like Sandisk's approach is WYSIWYG..disappointingPROS:- long battery life- email tech support is quick and good but website support sucks bad- email tech support is quick and good but website support sucks badCONS:- it's easy to setup but instruction manual is useless- buttons are rigid and miniature and difficult to press with a skin on- wheel is very stiff and offers very little functionality- software is buggy and terrible- freezes occasionally- navigating through menus stutters and lags- boot time is 10 seconds- video mode has no options- needs serious firmware updates- time is listed only in settings menu = useless- tons of issues with playlists getting erased or not working properly- every firmware update erases all your settings, including radio presetsand the list of issues goes on and on...and the list of issues goes on and on...anyone who has reviewed this product positively obviously didnt do a thorough job because these issues exist and its definitely irritatingI am extremely disappointed and will never buy a sandisk player ever againI am extremely disappointed and will never buy a sandisk player ever againMy suggestion is to try it out thorougly before buying..so you dont make the same mistake I did and trust other people's lopsided reviews..
 The mouse worked well with my chipset, but beaware that earlier bluetooth chipsets do not have the power to work with this mouse, although the dongle that is bundled with this is excellent.The mouse was very difficult to use and unresponsive at times, requiring multiple clicks to choose items.  It was sluggish across the screen and very insensitive, even after maxing out all the mouse settings in either direction.  Looking through the forums at Anycom informed me that many people had a similar problem and RMA's were being issued.  Considering that these problems arose earlier last year, I was upset that I was sold a defective product. I just send my mouse back to Newport, California for a replacement. The features are solid, the size is acceptable but prone to cramping at first.  For a travel mouse it is exceptional, being rechargeable via USB.  Usuage with the USB cable attatched is OK but somewhat awkward as the cable comes from the "head" of the mouse, not the "tail."Would I buy again? only if I didn't find another product that was rechargeable, bluetooth and optical.
 I bought this phone for a work-at-home situation.  I then discovered that the maximum number of characters I could enter into  a speed dial entry (the number itself, not the name) is 24 characters.  A telephone calling card number is 25 characters long, 26 if you program a pause (a space, for this phone) between the phone number and the card id/pin.  When I called Polycom about it, I was told that not everyone uses calling cards.  Funny.  I've been issued a calling card at every company for which I've worked (going back 25 years).  This is the only phone I've ever owned (well, since the 80's) into which I could not program my calling cards.  Pretty basic stuff for product marketing and development people to miss.I bought this phone for a work-at-home situation.  I then discovered that the maximum number of characters I could enter into  a speed dial entry (the number itself, not the name) is 24 characters.  A telephone calling card number is 25 characters long, 26 if you program a pause (a space, for this phone) between the phone number and the card id/pin.  When I called Polycom about it, I was told that not everyone uses calling cards.  Funny.  I've been issued a calling card at every company for which I've worked (going back 25 years).  This is the only phone I've ever owned (well, since the 80's) into which I could not program my calling cards.  Pretty basic stuff for product marketing and development people to miss.On top of that, when I try and enter the calling card number and card id by hand, it never "takes" on the first try: the network doesn't recognize the card id and pin the first time I enter them.  I have to do it twice (I've tried this a number of times, and it's consistent).On top of that, when I try and enter the calling card number and card id by hand, it never "takes" on the first try: the network doesn't recognize the card id and pin the first time I enter them.  I have to do it twice (I've tried this a number of times, and it's consistent).For that matter, the sound quality, especially through the headset (also purchased from polycom) is not that good.  Of course, that could be because the headset jack is "loose."  You can easily move the jack from side to side, which makes the sound quality even worse. For that matter, the sound quality, especially through the headset (also purchased from polycom) is not that good.  Of course, that could be because the headset jack is "loose."  You can easily move the jack from side to side, which makes the sound quality even worse. I regret having made this purchase.  I'm going to scrap it and look for a new one from a different manufacturer.  The only reason I gave it one star is because the site interface here won't let me give it no stars
 This thing sucks.  I wasted my money.  No more Griffin products for me
 The transmitter doesn't work. I tried everything I could think of to try and make it work but it doesnt
 This item said that it is compatible with all ipods but it is not.  It is only compatible with the "old" ipods.  Evidently there is a difference in some of the more recent ipods and this itrip doesn't work with them.  We had to return the product
 I just got these at a local store and they just really blow!!! I was swayed by the brand name and the great price (although higher than Amazon). It's true when they say you get what you pay for... rock-bottom price = rock-bottom performance. Terrible to say the least. Mine are going back right now.
 Mine worked great for the first few months, then I started getting the "warning, check battery".  If you take the batteries out and reinsert, it works for a few hours but then the same warning message comes up.  It happened on both headsets.  I called customer service and they told me this is the first time they've ever heard that (uh huh - doesn't sound like it from the reviews here).  A little too expensive to replace yearly..
 I've had this mouse for about a month...use it with my Mac G4 at home...and I'm exhausted. It feels very nice in the hand and I really like the scrolling ball feature (hence the 2 stars), but it's just not predictable. Sometimes it glides along smoothly, most other times it tracks across the monitor like you're mousing over pebbles. I've tried a number of different surfaces: desktop (light woodgrain); smooth, medium gray fabric mouse pad; mouse pad made specifically for optical mice (better than the other two) and I have even tried picking the thing up and shaking it to knock it into submission--to no avail. It still lags and I have a hard time honing in on an object to select it (or to check a box or pick up a puzzle piece in a jigsaw puzzle...)I've had this mouse for about a month...use it with my Mac G4 at home...and I'm exhausted. It feels very nice in the hand and I really like the scrolling ball feature (hence the 2 stars), but it's just not predictable. Sometimes it glides along smoothly, most other times it tracks across the monitor like you're mousing over pebbles. I've tried a number of different surfaces: desktop (light woodgrain); smooth, medium gray fabric mouse pad; mouse pad made specifically for optical mice (better than the other two) and I have even tried picking the thing up and shaking it to knock it into submission--to no avail. It still lags and I have a hard time honing in on an object to select it (or to check a box or pick up a puzzle piece in a jigsaw puzzle...)I use Photoshop and other mousing intensive apps all day at work and at home and I need a mouse that is precise (for silhouetting, etc.). This just isn't it. You shouldn't have to think about mousing when you're doing it, it should just happen--immediately and smoothly, corded or cordless. And a "newer" technology should work better that a gummed up "old" tracking ball mouse!I use Photoshop and other mousing intensive apps all day at work and at home and I need a mouse that is precise (for silhouetting, etc.). This just isn't it. You shouldn't have to think about mousing when you're doing it, it should just happen--immediately and smoothly, corded or cordless. And a "newer" technology should work better that a gummed up "old" tracking ball mouse!Maybe it doesn't like my older Mac. Maybe it's the bluetooth adapter. Whatever it is, it's not working...Maybe it doesn't like my older Mac. Maybe it's the bluetooth adapter. Whatever it is, it's not working...I'll be trying the Logitech MX1000 next. It has a recharging base and is Laser (instead of optical). I'm hoping the higher price will translate into better performance
 For my PowerBook - my first bluetooth mouse (a macally bt) worked for about nine months and then a bad battery caused major leakage all over my desk. So for the replacement I read the reviews and went with the Kensington bluetooth mini - primarily for the on/off functionality.For my PowerBook - my first bluetooth mouse (a macally bt) worked for about nine months and then a bad battery caused major leakage all over my desk. So for the replacement I read the reviews and went with the Kensington bluetooth mini - primarily for the on/off functionality.I like the size and shape, the on/off switch and the scroll works just keen. However, tracking is a nightmare - especially when CPU usage is high (applications like Photoshop, Acrobat or using a VPN to access my work files). I tried troubleshooting, adjusting the track rate, but nope. The cursor continues to stutter across the screen with this mouse.I like the size and shape, the on/off switch and the scroll works just keen. However, tracking is a nightmare - especially when CPU usage is high (applications like Photoshop, Acrobat or using a VPN to access my work files). I tried troubleshooting, adjusting the track rate, but nope. The cursor continues to stutter across the screen with this mouse.I think I'm going to throw in the towel and go back to wired
 One of the reasons I chose this mouse, was because Apple recommended it as one that would offer true smooth scrolling.  It turns out that this mouse has the same click scroll as many others.  It jerks one line at a time ... the clicking is quite loud I might add.  Also, I have to set the tracking speed very low because the cursor jerks all over the screen if I don't.  Sometimes just clicking on System Preferences corrects the problem, but if I had it to do over, I'd buy something else
 I bought this in April for my new Canon 30D and it worked great until several months ago. When I would go back to scroll through the recently taken pictures on my camera it would start saying "Data Corrupted".  It started out slowly then it would lose every third picture.  I tried to reformat the card and got an error message.  Now my camera does not recognize it nor does the camera software on my computer.  It was a wonderful card while it lasted but I too am hesitate to get another one.  Hopefully mine was a lemon too.....but then again
 This seemed like a great card at a great price. Unfortunately after 4 months, during the middle of a paid shoot, all of the images instantly dissappeared. I stopped using the card, put it aside until I got home. I tried to use software to recover the images. Only a few could be recovered, the rest were gone. I've not been able to re-format the card in either a canon eos 5d, digital rebel, or using software on my computer. The card is now completely un-usable.This seemed like a great card at a great price. Unfortunately after 4 months, during the middle of a paid shoot, all of the images instantly dissappeared. I stopped using the card, put it aside until I got home. I tried to use software to recover the images. Only a few could be recovered, the rest were gone. I've not been able to re-format the card in either a canon eos 5d, digital rebel, or using software on my computer. The card is now completely un-usable.All of my older cards continue to work just fine. Hopefully this is just a lemon, although I need to replace it, and am obviously apprehensive about purchasing another one from Sandisk
 I purchased 3 of these APs with the expectation to replace 3 Cisco "b" APs and drop in. The setup used Radius for authentication which is claimed to be supported in both the online info and docs. After config (the web UI constantly has problems with cookies and forced you to re-login) the system would work. One quark was the IP address field for the radius server wouldn't accept more than one character in the forms. Up and running. However, upon reboot, the WG302 loses it Radius info and then cannot authenticate a client again. SHOWSTOPPER. After logging this with Netgear support - their response is this is an unsupported config and requires premium support. While this would be fine if it was a config issue, it's not ok given they claim support for these features and this was a required feature for purchase. They give no further support now.I purchased 3 of these APs with the expectation to replace 3 Cisco "b" APs and drop in. The setup used Radius for authentication which is claimed to be supported in both the online info and docs. After config (the web UI constantly has problems with cookies and forced you to re-login) the system would work. One quark was the IP address field for the radius server wouldn't accept more than one character in the forms. Up and running. However, upon reboot, the WG302 loses it Radius info and then cannot authenticate a client again. SHOWSTOPPER. After logging this with Netgear support - their response is this is an unsupported config and requires premium support. While this would be fine if it was a config issue, it's not ok given they claim support for these features and this was a required feature for purchase. They give no further support now.I would HIGHLY recommend against the extra cost of this unit given it's buggy and has poor support. Config is difficult (I had to learn how to use the command line config), the upgrades are not well documented (they imply you have to import some obscure file with tftp - you don't but...), however the unit does have good range and works (No RADIUS of course) in a basic config.
 First - a disclaimer: I know very little about telephone headsets, but decided to buy one because I had a series of long telephone meetings coming up.First - a disclaimer: I know very little about telephone headsets, but decided to buy one because I had a series of long telephone meetings coming up.I walked to my local Staples store, expecting to find a variety of prices and products - and thinking that I'd pay perhaps $30 to $50 at the low end of the market.I walked to my local Staples store, expecting to find a variety of prices and products - and thinking that I'd pay perhaps $30 to $50 at the low end of the market.At the store, I found that only the computer-based headsets were that cheap - and the only model that worked on a real, old-fashioned land line was the Plantronics S11 on display (it was priced at $130 Canadian).At the store, I found that only the computer-based headsets were that cheap - and the only model that worked on a real, old-fashioned land line was the Plantronics S11 on display (it was priced at $130 Canadian).Since work was paying for it, I didn't mind spending the extra money, but expected that, at that price, the quality and ease of use would be quite high.Since work was paying for it, I didn't mind spending the extra money, but expected that, at that price, the quality and ease of use would be quite high.When I brough it back to the office and installed it, I found that:When I brough it back to the office and installed it, I found that:- The regular handset and the headset cannot be plugged in at the same time. That means that every time I want to use the headset, I need to fumble around at the back of the unit to switch wires.- The regular handset and the headset cannot be plugged in at the same time. That means that every time I want to use the headset, I need to fumble around at the back of the unit to switch wires.- The volume of both ingoing and outgoing conversation is very low - even when I turn up the volume controls to max. The people I spoke with complained enough that I switched back to my regular handset.- The volume of both ingoing and outgoing conversation is very low - even when I turn up the volume controls to max. The people I spoke with complained enough that I switched back to my regular handset.- The microphone, although it's somewhat adjustable, is short and inflexible enough that I can't get it very close enough to my mouth. When I try to move it closer, the earpiece turns and slips off my ear.- The microphone, although it's somewhat adjustable, is short and inflexible enough that I can't get it very close enough to my mouth. When I try to move it closer, the earpiece turns and slips off my ear.- The headset itself - that is, the plastic, adjustable arch and rubber pad opposite the speaker - is very awkward and prone to slipping off my head. It might have been better to design it like a regular two-sided earphone unit - so that it would be more balanced and stay secure.- The headset itself - that is, the plastic, adjustable arch and rubber pad opposite the speaker - is very awkward and prone to slipping off my head. It might have been better to design it like a regular two-sided earphone unit - so that it would be more balanced and stay secure.I don't know whether these comments apply only to the S11 or to most headsets for traditional phones in general.I don't know whether these comments apply only to the S11 or to most headsets for traditional phones in general.Overall, however, if I'd been buying the S11 with my own money, I would likely have returned it and just gone back to using the regular phone handset
 Since I first wrote this review I discovered that the fault was not with the scanner but with my computer.  After formatting my computer I was able to install the scanner and software without any problems.  I am still learning to use it but so far I have decided not to return it.  It works well and I like it very much.  I apologize if my review has negatively effected anyone's choice
 I have approximately 10,000 slides to scan.  I purchased the 4850 and after about 3,000 slides began to get three to four dark blue lines across the image.  After reporting it to HP they sent me a replacement TMA.  The new TMA worked fine for the first 450 slides and then BINGO, I now am getting two dark blue lines again.  I think the machine is not engineered to handle the work load I have.
 My daughter really didn't use it that much but within about 5 weeks it started to fall apart.  The wood veneer on the base pulled up and splintered from tightening the strings to tune it.  A low price for a guitar but I don't think it's even worth this price. 
 These phones had so much static, you could not hear!!!  We ended up having to return the phones and find something that we could actually use!
 I bought this because it seemed like it would satisfy my need for a 2-line phone with answering capability. Turns out, I cannot keep it, due to one boneheaded design flaw that makes it unusable for me.I bought this because it seemed like it would satisfy my need for a 2-line phone with answering capability. Turns out, I cannot keep it, due to one boneheaded design flaw that makes it unusable for me.The good: it's nice looking, compact, has good sound, and has a selection of cute little ringtones.The good: it's nice looking, compact, has good sound, and has a selection of cute little ringtones.The bad: This machine WILL NOT RECORD INCOMING MESSAGES SILENTLY. It broadcasts both the OGM and the ICM being left by the caller through the speaker. There is no way I know of to defeat this. You can turn the volume down from loud to medium loud, but you cannot set the machine to record messages silently, in the background. The bad: This machine WILL NOT RECORD INCOMING MESSAGES SILENTLY. It broadcasts both the OGM and the ICM being left by the caller through the speaker. There is no way I know of to defeat this. You can turn the volume down from loud to medium loud, but you cannot set the machine to record messages silently, in the background. Do you think you might ever not want other people in the room to hear the messages being left on your recorder? Would you ever want to sleep without being disturbed by the sound of incoming messages?Do you think you might ever not want other people in the room to hear the messages being left on your recorder? Would you ever want to sleep without being disturbed by the sound of incoming messages?Then this one isn't for you.Then this one isn't for you.Mine is for sale.
 My very first cell phone was Motorola, and it served me great, so I became attached to the brand based on that experience ,and for that reason alone bought  Motorola SD4591 Digital Corded/Cordless System.  As we've put the wireless network in house the cordless phone started playing tricks. The battery life got very short very soon too. I was told I need to get different batteries NiH instead of NiCD. Naturally the microwave was playing the tricks on cordless too. As we have two lines in house and was told by several people to move to 5.8Hz 2 line phone I decided to get Motorola MD7091 5.8GHz Digital 2-line Phone and remained loyal to Motorola. And boy was I wrong again. What others are saying about caller ID not showing as soon as I have another phone on the same line besides Motorola MD 7091 is true in my case too. I don't get it does Motorola expect us to switch phones to their system now around the house if we want to used one of their phones??? This is really cheap trickMy very first cell phone was Motorola, and it served me great, so I became attached to the brand based on that experience ,and for that reason alone bought  Motorola SD4591 Digital Corded/Cordless System.  As we've put the wireless network in house the cordless phone started playing tricks. The battery life got very short very soon too. I was told I need to get different batteries NiH instead of NiCD. Naturally the microwave was playing the tricks on cordless too. As we have two lines in house and was told by several people to move to 5.8Hz 2 line phone I decided to get Motorola MD7091 5.8GHz Digital 2-line Phone and remained loyal to Motorola. And boy was I wrong again. What others are saying about caller ID not showing as soon as I have another phone on the same line besides Motorola MD 7091 is true in my case too. I don't get it does Motorola expect us to switch phones to their system now around the house if we want to used one of their phones??? This is really cheap trickNaturally, I could blame all this on poor quality of NiCD batteries, Wireless Network, Microwaves and phone company, and other brands' phones connected to my line. But what is the common thread through the entire ordeal: MOTOROLA. I will give other brands a try now, not yet sure which ones
 Now, imagine my astonishment. After receiving this beautifully designed futuristic looking set from my favorite communication device manufacturers, I set it up only to realize that the cordless phone only works when there is a direct line of site to the base!Unbelievable!! I live in a compact apartment ok, and believe me when I say it isn't 20 feet between the base and my bed room, and last night after setting up, I retreated to my room took up the cordless handset to make a call only to realize that there was no connection to the base.This phone in a nutshell, looks good, but it sucks!!
 I had high hopes for this case when I bought it, but it just hasn't worked out.  The leather has a nice feel, and my iPAQ fit snugly in it's slot.  However the stylus on my iPAQ h2215 was impossible to get to without partially removing the iPAQ from it's case.  This became so frustrating that I eventually discontinued using this case.I had high hopes for this case when I bought it, but it just hasn't worked out.  The leather has a nice feel, and my iPAQ fit snugly in it's slot.  However the stylus on my iPAQ h2215 was impossible to get to without partially removing the iPAQ from it's case.  This became so frustrating that I eventually discontinued using this case.It does have three slots for credit cards, and a larger slot that you could tuck a few folded dollar bills or business cards in.It does have three slots for credit cards, and a larger slot that you could tuck a few folded dollar bills or business cards in.Maybe a different model of iPAQ would work better, but it hasn't been a good fit for me
 I agree with the previous review.  This phone cord worked twice.  Now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse.  I'm returning it for a refund.  Don't waste your time with this
 I am on my second one and I will be returning this one also. Both of them worked once and then would not retract fully after that. I was so mad I almost threw it against the wall. I thought the first one was a defect, but then when I got the second one I realized it was a design flaw... If you buy the Targus one keep your receipt because I guarantee you will be returning it. What I don't get is how Targus has the guts to release this product and also put on it: Satisfaction Guaranteed. What a joke..
 ipods are the leading sellers of portable players and everybody knows that but guess what ipod does not support the leading and best quality video format divx and avi hmm thats kinda retarded no? if any of you out there use file sharing programs such as limewire or any torrent programs if u download any of those videos the best ones and the majority are divx and avi too bad for you unless ur willing to sit around for an hour or two and convert your video to mpeg4. Also the video you convert may have a few complications, the audio and video may not be sychronized...at all and for those of you who have already purchased this piece of garbage im sorry and i have great sympathy for you so if ud like a program that will convert ur video for free and results in pretty good quality go to download.com and search for jodix video converter. This is not from speculations I have experienced this all myself with my own purchase of the video ipod and was a decision i regreted. Suggestion check out the creative zen vision M sure it may be thicker but the price is amazing for its features and conveniences of transfering files into it
 I bought with lots of ilussion this this Ipod, i put all my music in it and use it!! after a 5 months it stop working, it didn't charge the battery. I took it to best buy where I bought it and they told me that it has "external damage" and didn' repair it. I send it to Apple service and return it without services because the same reason. My Ipod didn't have that damage, it has only a few scratches on the screen. After lots of calls and fight they told me that to fix it I would have to pay US$250.00 that is almost what it cost new. TERRIBLE SERVICE FROM APPLE.. SHORT LIVE.. DON'T RECOMMENDED. Now I'm looking for another option for MP3 player to buy.If you know one please let me know it.If you know one please let me know it.
 Like other fm transmitters I have tried, this one leaves much to be desired.  Living in a major urban area, I was unable to find any fm channel that did not produce significant static and generally poor sound quality. Product is easy to use, but I consider the sound quality unacceptable.
 The phone worked for a month or two, and then the handset stopped seeing the base. When I followed the instructions in the manual to fix this (re-register the handset to the base), neither could see each other.The base still gets the land-line signal and works with speakerphone, but that is useless to me since I need the handset.The base still gets the land-line signal and works with speakerphone, but that is useless to me since I need the handset.When I contacted Uniden through their email support, I got no response.When I contacted Uniden through their email support, I got no response.I will be buying another phone that is not a Uniden
 I'm pissed.  I feel I've been ripped off.  The 3rd party vendor delivered a defective unit.  I want to return it.  I have been unable to determine how to return this unit for a refund.  I may never buy through Amazon again
 This product did not reliabley work in a new Sony PSP running the current Sony software.  Don't know if the design is flawed or the unit I received was defective
 Got it and plugged it into my IPod and there was a major incompatibility.  The screen showed up that their was a voice recorder in the IPod but when I went to record I received an error message that the IPod could not locate a microphone.  Perhaps an IPod problem?  The Ipod is a 4th Generation 40 gig that is fully updated.  I think Belkin needs to engineer the recorders to work with all the new IPods, with the exception of the minis.  Have not been able to resolve the issue. I am sure IPod will state that it is a Belkin problem and that Belkin will throw the ball back to IPod????
 I just received my pair today, and I have to say, I'm extremely dissapointed. Yes, they are comfortable, but the bass is almost absent, no matter how far you jam them into your ears, the bass isn't nearly what it were hyped to be, it definently isn't enough for the amount of mid & hi's they produce. Unless you like your bass to a minimum and treble to a max, I'd recommend another pair of earphones. If you're just looking for comfort and you don't like hardly any bass, these are your headphones. But, as others said, you can find much better earphones for a much lower price
 The first thing I did when opening this item was check to make sure it actually WAS an Apple product.  Its REALLY cheap looking.  Looks like something you'd find for [...] at a flea market or in the "stocking stuffers" section of the dollar store at Christmas time. The Nano is small so almost anything will hold it, including a rubber band and an envelope which is about as good as this unit.The first thing I did when opening this item was check to make sure it actually WAS an Apple product.  Its REALLY cheap looking.  Looks like something you'd find for [...] at a flea market or in the "stocking stuffers" section of the dollar store at Christmas time. The Nano is small so almost anything will hold it, including a rubber band and an envelope which is about as good as this unit.This looks more like the freebie armband that should come free with the unit. Certainly not a [...] accessory. It just cheapens the Apple image.This looks more like the freebie armband that should come free with the unit. Certainly not a [...] accessory. It just cheapens the Apple image.If OEM Apple products are your thing, then go ahead and try this. But if you're looking for something as sweet as your nano that stays put while you workout, look for something else.  I'm returning mine this weekend to spend my money elsewhere.
 3 more of the useless flimsy holders you get in the IPod box!
 I had a very poor experience with the Microsoft Media Center infrared keyboard and I wanted to replace it with a bluetooth solution that would - I thought - get rid of all connection problems.I had a very poor experience with the Microsoft Media Center infrared keyboard and I wanted to replace it with a bluetooth solution that would - I thought - get rid of all connection problems.I was wrong. The hardware is very nice but the software keeps on dropping connections. I was wrong. The hardware is very nice but the software keeps on dropping connections. AS usual, I was very careful: I always read manuals and properly install the software before using any product - I don't want to fail the installation for a very simple reason: the package doesn't come cheap... I am a software developer - I have half a dozen computers at home - and I did everything as instructed. I found the software to be very average in terms of usability (why do they try to do all these fancy effects??), but that's not very important when it works fine. AS usual, I was very careful: I always read manuals and properly install the software before using any product - I don't want to fail the installation for a very simple reason: the package doesn't come cheap... I am a software developer - I have half a dozen computers at home - and I did everything as instructed. I found the software to be very average in terms of usability (why do they try to do all these fancy effects??), but that's not very important when it works fine. Unfortunately, after just a couple of days, the keyboard stopped working. I finally managed to get it back by removing the batteries and rebooting the computer (both step were required - the on/off switch didn't work - same thing for the connect button which is totally ineffective). Now, the mouse keeps on dropping connections. After a couple of hours of inactivity, the mouse simply stops responding.Unfortunately, after just a couple of days, the keyboard stopped working. I finally managed to get it back by removing the batteries and rebooting the computer (both step were required - the on/off switch didn't work - same thing for the connect button which is totally ineffective). Now, the mouse keeps on dropping connections. After a couple of hours of inactivity, the mouse simply stops responding.This is simply unacceptable. Logitech knows that this product doesn't work and keeps on charging customers for something that is simply not usable because it wasn't tested properly.This is simply unacceptable. Logitech knows that this product doesn't work and keeps on charging customers for something that is simply not usable because it wasn't tested properly.It is a very frustrating experience because the hardware is great. Don't buy this product, you could be very disappointed.It is a very frustrating experience because the hardware is great. Don't buy this product, you could be very disappointed.Note that I have seen another installation done by professional Windows system administrators that had the exact same problems.Note that I have seen another installation done by professional Windows system administrators that had the exact same problems.Now don't get me wrong: the hardware is very nice. I would highly recommend the Logitech VX Revolution Cordless Laser Mouse for Notebooks which is great and had none of the issues I have mentioned there
 This hardware is well-made and I have heard very good things about the non-bluetooth version of the mouse. When it's connected and working, it does its job very well. Unfortuntately the MX5000 set suffers from some very poorly made software that makes it very difficult to use effectively. At seemingly random intervals, the mouse will start lagging or stop altogether. If this happens during gameplay, you're in a bad way. The keyboard also suffers from a truly annoying bug. When it comes off of its sleep state, it will double the first key you press. I have also had the keyboard just reset out of the blue. Add in that the SetPoint software for the LCD screen only fully works with two pieces of software (MusicMatch and Windows Messenger), and you have a very disappointing desktop package. The MX1000 is a great mouse on its own, but stay away from this Bluetooth combo. It is unstable and very frustrating to use
 The unit works fine as a Bluetooth Radio.The software and drivers!!!! do not install properly at all!!!I am a network administrator & pretty savvy about PCs - i could not come up with any scenario to get the software to work!!!I am a network administrator & pretty savvy about PCs - i could not come up with any scenario to get the software to work!!!Save your money and just buy the unit - forget the software
 DOES NOT WORK AT ALL DONT THROW AWAY YOUR MONEY SHOULD READ 0 STAR
 I had Vonage since April, 2006.  I finally switched back to Qwest after unending problems and hours and hours on the phone (my cell phone, as my Vonage line didn't work) with tech support.  Here is my experience:I had Vonage since April, 2006.  I finally switched back to Qwest after unending problems and hours and hours on the phone (my cell phone, as my Vonage line didn't work) with tech support.  Here is my experience:1) It took about 2 months and about 2 hours on the phone for them to switch my existing phone # over to Vonage.  Don't be too excited about getting the first month free- if your moving an existing number it will take about that long to get it switched over.1) It took about 2 months and about 2 hours on the phone for them to switch my existing phone # over to Vonage.  Don't be too excited about getting the first month free- if your moving an existing number it will take about that long to get it switched over.2) After my number was finally switched over, outgoing calls were constantly being dropped after about 20-30 seconds.  Incoming calls would also be dropped occasionally after about a minute.  This resulted in having to call the person back, saying "sorry the call was dropped- we switched to this cheaper phone service and have been having problems...."This is with the highest speed cable internet service available (8mbps download, 600kbps upload) and a wireless 'g' system which has provided top notch internet service consistently while I had Vonage problems.  I spent no less than 4 - 5 calls and over 5 hours on the phone with tech support trying to fix the problem.  After talking with tech support, sometimes the problem would be fixed temporarily- while I was on the phone with them- but return shortly thereafter.This is with the highest speed cable internet service available (8mbps download, 600kbps upload) and a wireless 'g' system which has provided top notch internet service consistently while I had Vonage problems.  I spent no less than 4 - 5 calls and over 5 hours on the phone with tech support trying to fix the problem.  After talking with tech support, sometimes the problem would be fixed temporarily- while I was on the phone with them- but return shortly thereafter.3) As a result of the problems I had, I asked to be credited for the months in which my phone service was not working.  Be warned, they are very hard-nosed about providing any credits for poor or no service.  I spoke to a tech support person about getting a credit for a month of no service, and he told me to wait until the problem had been fixed so they could determine how much credit should be given.  After the problem had been fixed (temporarily), I called back and they told me they could only provide credit for the current month, not previous months of no or poor service.  THEY ARE NOT CUSTOMER FRIENDLY ABOUT PROVIDING REFUNDS FOR POOR OR NO SERVICE.3) As a result of the problems I had, I asked to be credited for the months in which my phone service was not working.  Be warned, they are very hard-nosed about providing any credits for poor or no service.  I spoke to a tech support person about getting a credit for a month of no service, and he told me to wait until the problem had been fixed so they could determine how much credit should be given.  After the problem had been fixed (temporarily), I called back and they told me they could only provide credit for the current month, not previous months of no or poor service.  THEY ARE NOT CUSTOMER FRIENDLY ABOUT PROVIDING REFUNDS FOR POOR OR NO SERVICE.4) Finally, in September, still with dropped calls from Vonage, I switched back to Qwest to get reliable phone service.  I found customer service there has improved and is much better than Vonage.  And they gave me 3 months free promotion for coming back.  4) Finally, in September, still with dropped calls from Vonage, I switched back to Qwest to get reliable phone service.  I found customer service there has improved and is much better than Vonage.  And they gave me 3 months free promotion for coming back.  In the end, I am happy to pay the extra $10/month (after the first 3 months free) to get phone service that works.  I notice that $5 of the extra cost is for fees, etc. that the phone company has to charge but Vonage does not, which is unfortunate.  In any case, I guess you get what you pay for.In the end, I am happy to pay the extra $10/month (after the first 3 months free) to get phone service that works.  I notice that $5 of the extra cost is for fees, etc. that the phone company has to charge but Vonage does not, which is unfortunate.  In any case, I guess you get what you pay for.One last thing: Vonage has never made a profit and many business analysts say with their current business plan, they never will.  This means eventually they will either go out of business, or have to raise rates.One last thing: Vonage has never made a profit and many business analysts say with their current business plan, they never will.  This means eventually they will either go out of business, or have to raise rates.Save yourself the problems I had- pay the extra $ to get phone service that works
 I bought vonage service thinking that finally there is a company which will let me control everything from their web portal, and provide features that traditional phone companies do not. Good thing I kept my number with traditional phone company and got a second line with Vonage.I bought vonage service thinking that finally there is a company which will let me control everything from their web portal, and provide features that traditional phone companies do not. Good thing I kept my number with traditional phone company and got a second line with Vonage.Its voice quality was really bad, and cancelling it was a pain to say the least. It took me 4 months to cancell it. Waiting forever on hold. Please read internet forums/blogs before you decide to "save" money
 Stay away from Vonage!  After more than 1 month, still don't have phone number transferred.  Can't get thru to customer service...very long wait.  Paying 2 phone bills...so much for saving cost and so-called service.  Called to cancel service, and customer service rep promised to put account/billing on hold until phone number transfer is done...finally something positive from customer service department
 Very disappointing speakers!Rip off.I returned them. I returned them. 1.	Satellites produce static noise even with the computer turned off. You have to press the mute button to get rid of it.2.	Extremely rumble base; not crisp. Even turned all the way down it is too prominent. Maybe good for war games.3.	Missing mid tone. Satellites sound like they are coming out off a tin can.4.	Volume is a bit underpowered. Will not knock your socks off
 I too bought one and had the headphone jack become loose.  I bought another thinking I had a faulty one, but now I'm having the same issue with this one.  The loose jack causes the reception to go in and out...and finally just out completely.  I agreed with the previous opinions on this fatal flaw
 1. There was a consistent buzzing on the phone even when I tried multiple jacks for the base. 2. Phone features worked as advertised. but the Voice Enhancer is useless and actually makes it sound worse.3. It was kind of a pain to sync the phone books which are separate on each handset.3. It was kind of a pain to sync the phone books which are separate on each handset.I returned it mainly because of the buzzing
 I bought this and found that if you like to burn your own CD's to play in it, it has a problem reading the tracks.  It sometimes spins up and doesn't play, and it always has a very audible noise on spin up and track find.  I usually wake to that sound before the music starts.  I AM NOT A LIGHT SLEEPER.  This is my second one, and I've basically been using it for the radio wake function for the last few months.  Do yourself a favor and find a different product
 This product DOES NOT have the skip feature included in the product descriptio
 YOUR BUYING 128 MB WORTH OF FRUSTRATION AND $10 WORTH OF GAS FROM BACK AND FORTH TO WAL-MART.YOUR BUYING 128 MB WORTH OF FRUSTRATION AND $10 WORTH OF GAS FROM BACK AND FORTH TO WAL-MART.I bought my Creative MuVo and had it for a month or so. LOVED IT. had everything i needed, great mp3 worked great. One day, plugged it in to put a song on it and all of the sudden it starts smoking. Big hole in it from all the smoke. So, i return it at walmart for a new one. TWO DAYS LATER i plug it in my usb to put a song on it - smokes again!!!!!!! i returned it and got my money back... got an ipod shuffle, buy that much better mp3 player wont start on fire...
 The keyboard and mouse work fine, except for some completely absurd reason, Logitech decided to remove the INSERT and ESCAPE keys from the regular keyboard and make them little buttons on the top of the keyboard instead. Look at the picture and you will see what I mean -- the DELETE key is double-size and takes up the space where the insert key would be; INSERT is moved above the home key and is a little recessed round button.  ESCAPE is in the usual place, but it too is a little button instead of a legitimate key.  Very annoying.  Definately returning it
 Ordered it, took about 5 days to get to me, and it's corrupted and cannot format itself and cannot put files on it
 I was really happy with the mouse for all of 10 minutes.The scroll wheel is really "push happy" such that when I roll the wheel, the middle button registers a "click" very often. In order to prevent the inadvertant click, I have to roll the wheel with the lightest of light touches. It's significantly more senstive than my older logitech wheel, and was really really annoying to have the browser repeatedly register the middle button (which is unix is the default "paste" so I'd have pages and pages of text that I "selected" be pasted on to the browser or editor while what I really wanted was just to scroll the buffer!!!The scroll wheel is really "push happy" such that when I roll the wheel, the middle button registers a "click" very often. In order to prevent the inadvertant click, I have to roll the wheel with the lightest of light touches. It's significantly more senstive than my older logitech wheel, and was really really annoying to have the browser repeatedly register the middle button (which is unix is the default "paste" so I'd have pages and pages of text that I "selected" be pasted on to the browser or editor while what I really wanted was just to scroll the buffer!!!Too bad, the mouse was really high quality overall.
 The JBL Speakers worked fine for 3 weeks and all of a sudden, they quit.  In the future, I will buy this type of merchandise locally so that I have some recourse
 I was really excited for these affordable speakers after reading the rave reviews, however, I have been extremely disappointed in them.  I may have had too high of expectations, but these things put out NO bass whatsoever (it just sounds muffled and cruddy), and the overall sound is extremely poor.  I'm really surprised as I've owned JBL speakers in my car that I was extremely pleased with, so I'm amazed at the lacking quality in these.  I would recommend either finding another similarly priced set with good reviews or paying a little extra and getting something with a sub included
 These speakers sound great - but sometimes you want to crank it up and in the office that's a no-no. So you reach for your phones and... no place to plug them in! How lame is that? Also whoever designed the Volume/On/Off knob is an idiot. The thing is so streamlined and slippery that when you try to turn it, the whole speaker just slips away from you. They're so light that they don't have enough resistance to stay put. So you have to hold it in place with one hand while you turn the knob with the other (unless you velcro them to your desk or something). Too bad because - like I said - they sound great
 Agree with the prior reviewers.  I can not get it to retract any longer and that was only after 3 uses! 
 I have bought several of these. Some came in a fancy blister, and others in a coushing bag. Stay away from those. Be sure you're buying the sealed one because the physical design is a lot different.I have bought several of these. Some came in a fancy blister, and others in a coushing bag. Stay away from those. Be sure you're buying the sealed one because the physical design is a lot different.I give the generic two stars just because it works. I give four stars to the original because as others reviewers have said it's a little difficult to remove the card
 I bought this for easy transfer of pictures from my digital camera with SD memory card anywhere not home and sometimes from other peoples memory card (xD and memory stick)..I bought this for easy transfer of pictures from my digital camera with SD memory card anywhere not home and sometimes from other peoples memory card (xD and memory stick)..First of all I was disappointed with the flimsy, plastic design and the size of it. But it would have been ok if it worked!..IT DOESNT READ my SD card. And as menetioned in other people's review hard to insert and take out the cards! I'm scared if the cards get scratch and ruined whenever i do it. I wish I have bought this after reading amazon reviews...it's useless now. I'm lost how I can get sd card work on this and if I do, scared of frequent use for the flimsy design
