 I purchased this unit due to frequent blackouts in my area and 2 power supplies going bad.  It will run my cable modem, router, PC, and LCD monitor for 5 minutes.  This is more than enough time to save work and shut down.   Equally important, I know that my electronics are receiving clean power.I purchased this unit due to frequent blackouts in my area and 2 power supplies going bad.  It will run my cable modem, router, PC, and LCD monitor for 5 minutes.  This is more than enough time to save work and shut down.   Equally important, I know that my electronics are receiving clean power.I feel that this investment is minor compared to the loss of valuable data or the failure of equipment due to a power spike or an irregular power supply.I feel that this investment is minor compared to the loss of valuable data or the failure of equipment due to a power spike or an irregular power supply.As always, Amazon had it to me in &lt;2 business days
 I ordered 3 APC Back-UPS ES 500s on the recommendation of an employee of mine who used to work at APC. I've had them for about a month now without any problems. They've functioned properly through a few unexpected power interruptions. I'll gladly order more if the need arises.I ordered 3 APC Back-UPS ES 500s on the recommendation of an employee of mine who used to work at APC. I've had them for about a month now without any problems. They've functioned properly through a few unexpected power interruptions. I'll gladly order more if the need arises.Pros: - Large plug spacing, good for power adapters - Simple design - Long cord - Long cordCons: - No line conditioning (usually an expensive option
 Wish the unit had a separate online/offline light.  When power to the unit is missing, the single red light turns off only when the warning sounds.  The warning sound is like a lot of sounds you hear in the house so it isn't always easy to tell what is happening
 Cheaper than thick CD cases and less prone to breakage, these "slim" cases by Memorex protect your CDs. Most buyers will get them  for use in CD or DVD burning, and these are an affordable choice from a quality company for that purpose.Cheaper than thick CD cases and less prone to breakage, these "slim" cases by Memorex protect your CDs. Most buyers will get them  for use in CD or DVD burning, and these are an affordable choice from a quality company for that purpose.You may want to consider larger cases depending on your tastes, but otherwise these will probably satisfy your needs
 HiHiI brought 256 MB Kingston SD card from Amazon.com recently. According to my openion Amazon is one of the best online shopping market, they deliver the products intime and the items i brought so far are working very well. 256 MB Kingston SD card working very good with out giving any problem. One can always go to Amazon for online shopping.byekira
 This product was perfect. it's a sturdy case that holds my large collection of cd's and dvd's.This product was perfect. it's a sturdy case that holds my large collection of cd's and dvd's.My other cases were flimsy and wore out fast. This one has a hard outside shell and the inside holds my dvd's nicely.My other cases were flimsy and wore out fast. This one has a hard outside shell and the inside holds my dvd's nicely.So i have no complaints. and at the price i paid i'd say this was a great deal
 Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product.
 I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the camera in all kinds of weather. I would buy Kingston again
 I had no problems with this card and the delivery was prompt...I had no problems with this card and the delivery was prompt...Thank You Muc
 After going through the reviews, I bought this CF card for my Canon Digital Rebel. So far it has worked fine, though I don't pretend to be an expert digital photographer. When the card is empty, it shows 127 shots available. It seems to read reasonably fast, though it takes a bit longer than I was used to with my point-and-shoot Olympus and its SmartMedia card.
 I am very happy with this product. It folds super slim, so traveling with it is a breeze! Pretty good sound - not Bose quality, but for the price, very respectable! I've had it almost a year, and it has been along on many weekend get-aways, and works great. I use it alot, so it was a good purchase for me
 I bought this reader because I wanted to avoid having my camera and all its cable attached to my pc to download the pictures; and with this reader I could leave my camera (and its cables) in its case and just download the picture with the memory card, I recomend this product....
 It's a simple device, so there's not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the device remain lit as long as the device is plugged into your PC and the PC is powered (they glow a bright blue).
 I was thinking about buying a 1G card, but after reading one of the reviews,I bought two 512 card,just in case that somethingwent wrong. Which to me made a lot of sense. I'm please
 I have always been very pleased with the SanDisk products. I would highly recommend them
 These earphones are great quality. The sound is good and they fit comfortably in the ear once you get used to them. Two minuses make them only 4 out of 5 stars: first, the customer support is weak. There is supposed to be a website for the product for customer support and replacement parts, but Altec Lansing his it linked to a seemingly unrelated product; second, the volume control is a little heavy unless you have somewhere to clip it to (this might be a problem for runners)
 This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better. (Canon Rebel XT
 fast and reliable..well worth the mone
 Perhaps the ultimate addition to a good camera. I used my camera with a SanDisk Pro Duo (the blue one...) and while most times it was fine, when I needed to take pictures in quick succession - it let me down. The Ultra II is noticably faster. You will not regret buying this
 The Sandisk 512 MB Secure Digitial Ultra II (SDSDH-512-901) sent to me was not the item I ordered.  I returned the item, unopened
 definitely recommend this memory card, download time is great . . 
 I am happy to have several Sandisk products, and all of them are excellent.
 The SanDisk SDSDH-1024-901 is absoultely worth the extra money if you love to take many pictures without worrying about how many pictures are left for you to take. It is great to use with mini-videos if your camera has this feature
 The cheapest option I found at the time but an excelent pen drive. Small and with a good style
 It works great!  I really like it.  There is one small problem though.  The lid is REALLY hard to take off!  I've had it now for about a month and have gotten lots of use out of it and it has loosened up a little, but not much.  There has got to be a way to make a lid that stays on, but isn't quite so hard to remove when a person wants to use it.  I appreciate being provided with a forum to voice my opinion
 Works well with or without software installed.  Good for home use and school or traveling.
 This technically works well.  I am finding learning to use it difficult.  I really wish I had spent a little more and gotten a bigger one!!!!!  It is a lot smaller than I thought it would be and would be alot easier if it was bigger
 I was considering purchasing a tablet and Wacom was consistantly recommended.  I was originally hesitant to buy the graphire line because I didnt think it would be very good for drawing compared to the top line (the intuos line).  I was pleasantly surprised to be proven wrong.  Installing a driver was a piece of cake and I began drawing away in minutes.  It is very responsive and works with all my drawing programs (paintshop pro, painter, photoshop).  The mouse is pretty useless however, and I would have preferred if they had included some extra pen tips instead (they seem to wear out, though I do press pretty hard).  Other than that, its an amazing product
 Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product.
 Great batteries for cameras. They charge quickly, and it's handy to keep the extra 2 spare in the charger and with me all the time "just in case"
 I bought the NuLOOQ product a few weeks ago with little expectation and actually with some doubts it'd do anything for me, as I'm a keyboard junkie.  The product description was a bit confusing as it seems like ti does a lot.  But what a surprise.   Just adjusting the brush size using the ipod like scroll disc on the device is worth the price.  The pop-up menu thing is cool.  I don't use it as much for putting tools, but putting my files and folders into that menu keeps things in one place.   I guess the product also lets you pan and zoom around, but I don't seem to use that as much.  I still like using my mouse to pan and zoom around.I bought the NuLOOQ product a few weeks ago with little expectation and actually with some doubts it'd do anything for me, as I'm a keyboard junkie.  The product description was a bit confusing as it seems like ti does a lot.  But what a surprise.   Just adjusting the brush size using the ipod like scroll disc on the device is worth the price.  The pop-up menu thing is cool.  I don't use it as much for putting tools, but putting my files and folders into that menu keeps things in one place.   I guess the product also lets you pan and zoom around, but I don't seem to use that as much.  I still like using my mouse to pan and zoom around.Hey, I was skeptical about the product like anyone else, but  found myself a rare surprise.  Good job Logitech
 I've had this product for well over a year now and was using it with my XP machine and am now using it with my Apple Mac Mini. Works great with both Windows and Mac OS X, with no hassles. The removable stand is a nice touch, as you can pack the reader into a laptop bag or lay it horizontally if you prefer. Highly recommended
 I have burnt a few discs and so far no coasters, They are burning at 8X in my NEC 2500A burner. That is pretty considering that it is advertised at 4X. Hopefully the burn quality also will be good and will last for a few years
 shipping was outrageous, thought it qualified for free shipping since it is the size of a F'n postage stamp, but i ended up paying 1 cent less for postage than I did for the item, could have bought it at walmart for less this way. Buyer beware, I got took
 This is the second G15 keyboard I've purchased, not because the first one broke, because it's such a great keyboard. Now I keep one at home, and take one with me when I go LANning.  The only issue with the keyboard is the LCD is pretty useless is fast paced FPS games, otherwise it's good for keeping the clock up so one doesn't lose track of the time
 I'm very happy with the set.  Although not listed in the specs, it must have a QAM tuner, because I am able to watch unscrambled digital broadcasts through my cable service even though all I have is basic cable.  I was thrilled when I made this discovery.  Watching football games in HD, without paying for digital cable, almost made me weep with happiness.I'm very happy with the set.  Although not listed in the specs, it must have a QAM tuner, because I am able to watch unscrambled digital broadcasts through my cable service even though all I have is basic cable.  I was thrilled when I made this discovery.  Watching football games in HD, without paying for digital cable, almost made me weep with happiness.The picture quality for analog channels is only so-so.  I really wish the remote was illuminated.  Also, Amazon took much longer to deliver the TV than was promised.  Other than these negatives, I'm very happy
 My new TV finally arrived and I am very pleased with it.  I picked this one based primarily on all of the reviews I could find online, the vast majority of which were very positive (cNet has lots of reviews as well).  Also, I have two friends who are cable guys and they see all kinds of TVs, all day every day, and both of them bought this exact set for themselves.My new TV finally arrived and I am very pleased with it.  I picked this one based primarily on all of the reviews I could find online, the vast majority of which were very positive (cNet has lots of reviews as well).  Also, I have two friends who are cable guys and they see all kinds of TVs, all day every day, and both of them bought this exact set for themselves.My cable provider does not offer many High Def stations yet so the image quality of Standard Def video was the primary criterion for me.  Most reviews were very positive in this regard but there were some that were the exact opposite.  My first impression had me rather worried.  I have since come to believe that poor quality Standard Def video is just a matter of garbage in = garbage out.  I began to suspect this when I noticed that some stations looked much better than others.  In fact, some shows and commercials on any given station looked much better than those which preceded or followed them.  I became convinced as I watched a cable news show where the host and two contributors were each on different cameras being displayed at the same time.  The video of the host looked OK, the video of one contributor was poor, and the video of the other contributor looked great.  The video quality of the various individuals remained consistent when they were occasionally displayed individually on the entire screen.  The set certainly has the ability of displaying fantastic Standard Def video.  I expect that I just never noticed the variability of video quality on lesser TVs.My cable provider does not offer many High Def stations yet so the image quality of Standard Def video was the primary criterion for me.  Most reviews were very positive in this regard but there were some that were the exact opposite.  My first impression had me rather worried.  I have since come to believe that poor quality Standard Def video is just a matter of garbage in = garbage out.  I began to suspect this when I noticed that some stations looked much better than others.  In fact, some shows and commercials on any given station looked much better than those which preceded or followed them.  I became convinced as I watched a cable news show where the host and two contributors were each on different cameras being displayed at the same time.  The video of the host looked OK, the video of one contributor was poor, and the video of the other contributor looked great.  The video quality of the various individuals remained consistent when they were occasionally displayed individually on the entire screen.  The set certainly has the ability of displaying fantastic Standard Def video.  I expect that I just never noticed the variability of video quality on lesser TVs.The quality of the Hi Def Video is breath taking.The quality of the Hi Def Video is breath taking.Set-up was simple and I have not even bothered yet to read the manual.  Of course the display can be adjusted in many ways, but it looks good to me with the factory presets and I do not intend to adjust the display anytime soon.  Flipping through the on screen menu, I stumbled across the altitude setting which was a nice surprise since I live at 10,000 ft. above sea level.Set-up was simple and I have not even bothered yet to read the manual.  Of course the display can be adjusted in many ways, but it looks good to me with the factory presets and I do not intend to adjust the display anytime soon.  Flipping through the on screen menu, I stumbled across the altitude setting which was a nice surprise since I live at 10,000 ft. above sea level.I was a little disappointed with the delivery situation.  I thought I had ordered the TV in time to have it by opening day kick-off.  Instead it arrived just in time for the third weekend of the football season, and I was told that it could easily have been another week beyond that.  I blame the shipper (Eagle USA) for this, not Amazon.  I say this because I could track the package enough to know that Amazon had the TV picked up right away.  But then Eagle USA kept it sitting in Dallas for almost 2 weeks, and then in Denver for another week, before finally calling me to arrange for delivery.  I believe that if I had not called and emailed Amazon to complain about the delay, it would have taken longer.  Eagle USA told Amazon that they had tried to call me sooner but I know that this is not true for two reasons: 1) I had called Eagle USA the same day they told Amazon this and Eagle USA told me that they had no intention of calling me until a day or so prior to delivery, and 2) my livelihood depends on people being able to reach me at all times and I have a very good message and caller ID tracking system in place.I was a little disappointed with the delivery situation.  I thought I had ordered the TV in time to have it by opening day kick-off.  Instead it arrived just in time for the third weekend of the football season, and I was told that it could easily have been another week beyond that.  I blame the shipper (Eagle USA) for this, not Amazon.  I say this because I could track the package enough to know that Amazon had the TV picked up right away.  But then Eagle USA kept it sitting in Dallas for almost 2 weeks, and then in Denver for another week, before finally calling me to arrange for delivery.  I believe that if I had not called and emailed Amazon to complain about the delay, it would have taken longer.  Eagle USA told Amazon that they had tried to call me sooner but I know that this is not true for two reasons: 1) I had called Eagle USA the same day they told Amazon this and Eagle USA told me that they had no intention of calling me until a day or so prior to delivery, and 2) my livelihood depends on people being able to reach me at all times and I have a very good message and caller ID tracking system in place.All in all, a great set at a great price, I just wish I had ordered and started pushing the issue sooner
 So, I was a little weary to buy an iTrip after hearing some mixed reviews. It seemed that a perosn either had horrible luck with theirs... or the iTrip worked perfectly. Knowing my luck, it wouldn't work for me at all. I recieved my iTrip and my luck started right away. I tossed the iTrip onto my iPod and..................... nothing. A bad omen? Well, after I exchanged my iTrip for a new one I tried it out on a short drive. I live in East Lansing, MI... and we have a very crowded FM dial. I couldn't find a completely blank station as recommended... but it didn't matter. My iTrip delivered decent sound through the station. As others have mentioned, charging your iPod while you use your FM transmitter will really help. It's not a night-and-day difference, but it's a noticeable improvement. Sure, I got some static and the occasional interference from a strong signal, but you know what? Through a good 40 minutes of driving, the majority of the time I had satisfactory sound. This was also on the weaker-signaled LX mode, not DX. Supposedly DX provides a better, stronger signal. This product is dependant on several outside factors. The reception your car gets and the availability of a clear FM channel. To rate this product poorly because of factors out of it's control is unfair. There were times when I had downright poor sound... and times where it was comparable to a tape deck. I love good, crisp sound as much as anyone does... but I'll take somewhat degraded sound over trying to find good music on the radio anyday. This product is dependant on several outside factors. The reception your car gets and the availability of a clear FM channel. To rate this product poorly because of factors out of it's control is unfair. There were times when I had downright poor sound... and times where it was comparable to a tape deck. I love good, crisp sound as much as anyone does... but I'll take somewhat degraded sound over trying to find good music on the radio anyday. My recommendation after owning this product for a short time *but it has been used quite a bit already, as I do a lot of driving*, I say: If you can, buy a tape deck adaptor... but if it's not an option and you don't want to put the money into an "ipod to car" setup, this is a viable solution indeed. In my opinion, an iTrip is a better option than listening to plain, old radio.
 I have used the 9510i for about 2 years and have found it to be flawless in performance. The Disaster Recovery software provided with this drive is it's biggest star. You can format your hard drive, put in the restore disk that you create for your system, and in about 15 minutes your system is put back to EXACTLY the way it was when you created the disk. Or you can simply replace selected files if you want. It does not miss a single thing. Fanstastic. The software is extremely user friendly and guides you through the process easier than an &quot;ABC&quot; book. I would highly recommend this drive for performance and ease of use
 Nice sound, I will admitt for the price, I get big sound, with quality.  Only thing is a humming, hissing sound when machine is idle. Ohtherwise, worth it. 
 I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you "must" plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m not gonna fry something but it seems to work fine just plugged into a powered USB port. I have a VERY high end system though with wattage to sprare, but no more PCI slots, Damn 7900 512 gtx graphics cards, why do 2 of em have to take up so much room. Oh well, trade offs are a bi---, but a reality and 7 extra USB slots are awfully nice
 It's a simple device, so there's not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the device remain lit as long as the device is plugged into your PC and the PC is powered (they glow a bright blue).
 I bought this TV for college, and it fits perfectly in my dorm. The picture quality is pretty decent, though compared to traditional TV, it is not as sharp.I bought this TV for college, and it fits perfectly in my dorm. The picture quality is pretty decent, though compared to traditional TV, it is not as sharp.The audio quality is very good. I was able to play Final Fantasy 12 with this TV, and the audio lives well for my expectations.The audio quality is very good. I was able to play Final Fantasy 12 with this TV, and the audio lives well for my expectations.No lag while playing my Playstation 2 console...No lag while playing my Playstation 2 console...The only downside is that if you want to switch from AV mode back to TV mode, you need to press "SOURCE" on the remote or the TV 4 times...and it's annoying waiting for it...but besides that, it's a very nice budget TV for anyone that wants a TV that can save you some money and space
 We used this charger with a DC inverter on a 6000 mile road trip to charge batteries for a Sony DSC-H5 camera and the batteries were almost unbelievable with lasting power between charges. The 2700mAh battery is great
 The intuos3 6x11 tablet is nice because its like having a giant mouse pad. The mouse itself has five buttons that can be programed to do different tasks, opening programs is one of them. It also has a scroll wheel. On the pad there are more buttons that can open programs among other things. Also there are touch sensitive strips on the tablet that can be used for scrolling. I use the pen inside of art progams and it is a real joy to work with. The pressure sensitivity is is a very nice feature alowing you to go from a thin line to a thick line and vice versa. Its main high point for me is the ability it gives to draw curved lines and detailed lines. It fits nicely in hand and has comfortable rubber grip. Also you can flip the pen over and use that side as an eraser. The only complaint I have is that on the pen there are two buttons and one of them (the lower one) is placed in a spot where when I'm drawing my finger frequently hits it, because of this I simply had to make the button inactive. Over all I feel that Wacom has done a very good job of developing this product. I feel that it is of high quality and well worth the price. I would definetly save up the extra few dollars to get this larger tablet, it is nice to have if you have the desk space. I've heard Wacom is the best in the pen tablet industry and now that I own one I believe it
 Fabulous product --- now I can store over 700 photos in the 8 mega pixel range.    Happy I purchased this one -- very trouble free
 I wouldn't be without this. When I first bought the 20d it was my first digital SLR and I spent a few weeks adding and removing the battery grip and this strap. In the end I settled for using both and wouldn't have it any other way. With the battery grip and hand strap in place I find the camera much more secure and comfortable to hold. That's all there is to it, that's what it does and it does it well. I wouldn't be without this. When I first bought the 20d it was my first digital SLR and I spent a few weeks adding and removing the battery grip and this strap. In the end I settled for using both and wouldn't have it any other way. With the battery grip and hand strap in place I find the camera much more secure and comfortable to hold. That's all there is to it, that's what it does and it does it well. On the down side, and it's a small and transient down side, actually fitting it to the camera and getting it adjusted to the exact right length for your hand is a bit fiddly and you'd sort of expect it to be insecure. I think the trick, security wise, is to make sure the bottom strap goes through the center buckle first, then it is locked in by the top strap which is already held securely at the junction with the neck strap (if used). I also don't like the attachment to the neck strap, I don't like having a fairly sharp edged piece of metal where it can rub against the chasis of the camera in normal use.On the down side, and it's a small and transient down side, actually fitting it to the camera and getting it adjusted to the exact right length for your hand is a bit fiddly and you'd sort of expect it to be insecure. I think the trick, security wise, is to make sure the bottom strap goes through the center buckle first, then it is locked in by the top strap which is already held securely at the junction with the neck strap (if used). I also don't like the attachment to the neck strap, I don't like having a fairly sharp edged piece of metal where it can rub against the chasis of the camera in normal use.I use this on a 20d which typically has a 24-200 or 80-400 lens attached. You can only use this if you also use the battery grip, or buy a third party plate which attaches to the tripod mount and provides the lower mounting location. But since I always use the battery grip I don't have an issue. I use this on a 20d which typically has a 24-200 or 80-400 lens attached. You can only use this if you also use the battery grip, or buy a third party plate which attaches to the tripod mount and provides the lower mounting location. But since I always use the battery grip I don't have an issue. If Canon read this, you could do with a better solution for the attachment and adjustment on an accessory of this price, you normally pay close attention to detail and it's a bit lacking here
 I have bought 50 and 100 pack spindles of Memorex and so far I have not had any problems. They work just fine on my Sony dvd burner
 Memorex DVD+R's are the best. Price keeps dropping and never have a problem
 I have burned over 100 of these in the past 6 months, I have only had 1 burn badly.  Haven't found a dvd player yet that they won't play in
 This is an excellent machine.  I bought two of them.  There are a few things you need to do.  I have had 100% satisfaction using FujiFilm DVD-R up to 8x.  I have had success with FujiFilm DVD+R up to 8x.  I`ve also had tremendous success with TDK DVD+R up to 4x and 8x.  Some other brands may not work.  One thing I`ve learned about this machine is that you have to baby it a little.  Don`t go recording 3 or 4 -R or +R DVDs every day.  Give it a rest between recordings.  One or two per day is okay.  Definitely give it room to breathe.  If you stack your machines on top of each other, put something in between so they can breathe.  Be sure not to block the ventilation holes on the sides.  You definitely need to buy a Panasonic DVD player to play back your DVDs - other brand DVD players may not play your recordings properly.This is an excellent machine.  I bought two of them.  There are a few things you need to do.  I have had 100% satisfaction using FujiFilm DVD-R up to 8x.  I have had success with FujiFilm DVD+R up to 8x.  I`ve also had tremendous success with TDK DVD+R up to 4x and 8x.  Some other brands may not work.  One thing I`ve learned about this machine is that you have to baby it a little.  Don`t go recording 3 or 4 -R or +R DVDs every day.  Give it a rest between recordings.  One or two per day is okay.  Definitely give it room to breathe.  If you stack your machines on top of each other, put something in between so they can breathe.  Be sure not to block the ventilation holes on the sides.  You definitely need to buy a Panasonic DVD player to play back your DVDs - other brand DVD players may not play your recordings properly.One of the greatest things about this machine is that it records DVD-RAM.  They are re-recordable for many, many times and each program can be erased when watched.  You can even edit the recordings on the DVD-RAM.  Cut out commercials and fit more on a disc or remove the commercials for when you watch the program.  Only works on the DVD-RAM.  I have over 50 DVD-RAM discs (Panasonic brand) - they sure take up less space than VCR tapes!One of the greatest things about this machine is that it records DVD-RAM.  They are re-recordable for many, many times and each program can be erased when watched.  You can even edit the recordings on the DVD-RAM.  Cut out commercials and fit more on a disc or remove the commercials for when you watch the program.  Only works on the DVD-RAM.  I have over 50 DVD-RAM discs (Panasonic brand) - they sure take up less space than VCR tapes!Get one or two of these recorders and a Panasonic DVD player and you`ve got it made!  Throw away your VCRs forever!  Just remember to baby them
 I bought this for my folks for Christmas.  It took no time at all to hook up, and making DVDs was simple.  Everything from recording off the TV, to recording movies and shows stored on the DVR, to transferring home movies from the original VHS tapes.  I'm sure for about $300 more you could purchase some higher end recorders, but for under $200, you really can't go wrong.  The only flaw I could find is that the initial hookup (according to the book) didn't seem quite right.  After taking a whole 2 minutes to look up the easy to read instructions online, everything went smoothly.  Because of that, I'm still going to give it a full 5 stars..it's not as if those 2 whole minutes ruined our life.  Really, if you're new to this technology, you're not going to have any problems..believe me..A++
 The other effusive reviews are spot-on...  the picture is fabulous on new DVDs (Lord of the Rings, Nemo, Harry Potter).  A $20 Cables to Go HDMI cable does a great job.  We have the  Sony KDF-42E2000 42" 3LCD Rear Projection HDTV and are thrilled with the combination.  A few annoyances:  The machine responds and loads slowly, but that's not too bad; a minor sacrifice for the incredibly low price.  And, certain DVDs of old movies (Some Like it Hot, The King and I) stretch the picture horizontally, making things look squat.  I'm sure there's a solution, but just can't figure it out.  Any tips
 VHS to DVD disc is just one easy setup. I set mine to record and recode just before I go to sleep. When I wake up a finished disc awaits. With the software tools that are provided you can sharpen and correct VHS that has degraded and bring back life as when it was first transfered to tape. I have taken many VHS tapes that were never released as DVD and now have the start of a great library. Editing is a little tricky until you get the hang of it. The product works well. IPOD old music videos and movies for a real treat. Sound is perfect
 I've had this photo printer a few weeks now.  I don't consider myself technically proficient.  I totally scored despite gross ignorance with this machine.  You cannot go wrong.  The photo quality is astonishing.  I've printed professional quality photos and framed them.  The results are fantastic.  For someone who is techno-challenged, I had this up and running very quickly
 two of these jewel cases equal the size of a regular cd case. buy them and conserve space. there great
 Got my order quickly and found out that these cases are much BETTER than the ones sold here locally, and they were CHEAPER !!
 I like keeping all my stuff in one place, but don't like CD folders, so these slim cases are great.  I accidentaly sat on one of them and although it did crack, the case didn't break, and the cd was fine.  All in all, a great product
 I've used these (and similar) cases for years.  No problems, even with the cats occasionally knocking them around and walking on them.   1) I've never had one crack. 2) They hold the disc securely, but not with so much force that you risk damaging the disc when removing it.3) As long as you open them properly - from the front (clear) side by pulling near the corner(s) while holding the back (colored) side - they open fine
 They are okay for eight or so dollars, but they don't last very long.  Then again, I used these for a digital camera so maybe that's why they get drained so quickly.  However, for the price I still would buy them again
 My daughter uses a Cochlear Implant that has the option of being powered by 3 AA batteries. We have tried several brands trying to find the ones that last the longest. We have tried Energizer, Duracell, etc. She needs to replace them every day and a half. Since the Implant is a high power draining device, every extra hour counts. These batteries are one of the best values out there.
 I have not had N.E.W. coverage for this Apple product however I had a washing machine covered by them.  The washer turned out to be one of those machines that had one problem after another sometimes the same.  N.E.W. used a couple of different service companies to repair it and finally wrote it off.  Throughout, N.E.W. was great and made every effort to fix the machine.  When the finally wrote it off they sent me a check for the amount that I paid for it.  They did not try to discount the settlement price for the time that I actually had the machine
 Esaki si ta campion, un tremendo idea di e sistema pa por load up un potret digital ariba bo PC. hopi bon y facil. Esaki ta pone cu bo por saca bo potret digital y pone ariba bo PC via e systema aki di chip.(Tremendo
 Initial setup could be complex for some, but considering all  it is capable of i'd say it's worth the time investment.
 I've had it for over a month now and it works as well as I expected it to work. I was expecting random quirks here and there as I continued using it, but none whatsoever
 These are great earbuds. I have alswys used Sony DJ headphones in the past, and these are the first pair of buds I have purchased - I am impressed.These are great earbuds. I have alswys used Sony DJ headphones in the past, and these are the first pair of buds I have purchased - I am impressed.For the money, the sound quality is very good - full and well rounded with good bass and the treble is not too bright.For the money, the sound quality is very good - full and well rounded with good bass and the treble is not too bright.They are pretty comfortable in the ears, but it does take a little getting used to. The cord is rather thin and very flexible, but seems to be sturdy enough for most use. The included 'case' is a little tough to figure out, but could be good for keeping them clean in a purse or backpack.They are pretty comfortable in the ears, but it does take a little getting used to. The cord is rather thin and very flexible, but seems to be sturdy enough for most use. The included 'case' is a little tough to figure out, but could be good for keeping them clean in a purse or backpack.Definitely recommended
 I bought this for my kids to use with Nascar Racing.  Controls are easily reprogramable.  Nice product for the money
 Great product for getting all those old home videos on DV
 This little unit is easy to use and ready to go!!!! Not one problem with it so far, I've been using it for over two months now
 I use these batteries when I need power immediately and I don't have a set of rechargeables ready to go. I also use them as backups - so I don't get caught without power and have to pay $1 a battery at supermarkets and convenience stores. I use these batteries when I need power immediately and I don't have a set of rechargeables ready to go. I also use them as backups - so I don't get caught without power and have to pay $1 a battery at supermarkets and convenience stores. Unfortunately, my kids keep stealing them instead of recharging their own set
 Excellent sound system, reminds you of being in a movie theatre.  Great, Great system
 I've owned many Sony electronics in the past and have always liked their styling and functionality -- lots of hardy Walkmen, useful shortwave and portable radios, stylish TVs and high quality cassette recorders.  I still have a Sony mini component stereo model FH-E656 (made in Japan) which I bought in 1992 for US$400+; but rather than pay to fix its worn-out CD player, I decided to purchase this new Sony MHCEC70 component stereo (made in China).I've owned many Sony electronics in the past and have always liked their styling and functionality -- lots of hardy Walkmen, useful shortwave and portable radios, stylish TVs and high quality cassette recorders.  I still have a Sony mini component stereo model FH-E656 (made in Japan) which I bought in 1992 for US$400+; but rather than pay to fix its worn-out CD player, I decided to purchase this new Sony MHCEC70 component stereo (made in China).PLUSES: decent soundgood functionalityeasy set-up and intuitive operationsimple remote -- but only covers basic functionssimple remote -- but only covers basic functionsCONS:very short speaker leadsunattractive styling (for my tastes) -- resembles a boomboxonly holds 3 CDs vs 5 for comparable Panasonic unitsonly holds 3 CDs vs 5 for comparable Panasonic unitsAt first glance, I was disappointed by the cheap construction, skimpy manual and very short speaker leads -- the manufacturer seemed to be counting pennies.  But then I thought: in 2006 for $150, I can't expect the same quality as I received in 1992 for $400.  Everything is made more cheaply now and almost all in China.  So, for the money, it suits my purposes as a nice sounding stereo unit for the bedroom.  The real test will be how long the CD changer works -- to be safe, this time I bought the 2 year replacement warranty.  I haven't blasted it at full volume, but it seems to have plenty of power when needed.At first glance, I was disappointed by the cheap construction, skimpy manual and very short speaker leads -- the manufacturer seemed to be counting pennies.  But then I thought: in 2006 for $150, I can't expect the same quality as I received in 1992 for $400.  Everything is made more cheaply now and almost all in China.  So, for the money, it suits my purposes as a nice sounding stereo unit for the bedroom.  The real test will be how long the CD changer works -- to be safe, this time I bought the 2 year replacement warranty.  I haven't blasted it at full volume, but it seems to have plenty of power when needed.I originally bought a $300 Panasonic unit (SC-PM71SD MP3 SD Micro System) which was returned because it didn't have the full data recording feature as advertised (data recording was crippled by DRM limitations).  This Sony stereo costs half as much, and has almost all the same functionality
 A memory Stick is a s memory stick but when you put it in a Sony Camera - Fantastic
 This portable cd holder is perfect for me.  I work out regularly and it has been perfect for the gym.  My cd player fit fine and there are 3 slots for extra cd's.  I like the feature of the headphones attaching to the outside of the pouch.  I would recommend it to anyone
 (Note to Brian: The WAP54G *can* be configured as a bridge. I have two of them in just such a configuration. Took me about 10 minutes to set them up.)(Note to Brian: The WAP54G *can* be configured as a bridge. I have two of them in just such a configuration. Took me about 10 minutes to set them up.)Major modes of operation are:Major modes of operation are:1. Wireless Access Point (its default set-up)2. Wireless Client (connect a wired ethernet device via cable to the WAP54G and you now have a wireless ethernet device)3. Wireless Repeater (extend range of wireless coverage)4. Wireless Bridge (connect two ethernet networks without running a cable between them -- acts as one end of a "virtual" cable; you need two to get the job done)4. Wireless Bridge (connect two ethernet networks without running a cable between them -- acts as one end of a "virtual" cable; you need two to get the job done)A pair of wireless bridges is just what I needed but hesitated to buy the WAP54G because of Brian's comment that this wouldn't work. Because of my newness to the wireless world it took a bit of investigation to come to the conclusion that Brian was wrong. I bought a pair and they do work.A pair of wireless bridges is just what I needed but hesitated to buy the WAP54G because of Brian's comment that this wouldn't work. Because of my newness to the wireless world it took a bit of investigation to come to the conclusion that Brian was wrong. I bought a pair and they do work.I rate it 4 instead of 5 stars for a few reasons.I rate it 4 instead of 5 stars for a few reasons.1. I understand that higher-end, more expensive, equipment can be had with more range than this box. Gotta leave some room to rate more powerful equipment!2. One must dig very deeply into the users guide (a PDF on the CD) to find the default IP address in order to configure this device. Luckily I had read elsewhere what that IP address is (192.168.1.245). Other manufacturers make this info readily available, even going so far as printing it on the device itself. This will be critical info to any Linux user. Also, the users guide says that the default userid for logging in is "admin". Well, it's not. The only allowed userid is an empty field. This had me going for a few minutes.3. Something that 99% of the world won't care about -- I like to have more access to the firmware. For example other Linksys products allow one to telnet to the box and do low-level analysis of the box and the network it's attached to. I think there are third-party firmware loads that enable this
 i love the mobilemate sd.  I haven't had any problems yet.  It's small compact and gets the job done
 I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the camera in all kinds of weather. I would buy Kingston again
 The first peron to review this incorrectly stated that it doesn't come with software for handhleds. That person chose to buy it without and save some $$ and then complained about having to pay extra for it because he/she bought the wrong software package.  Delorme did the right thing and offered us options.  I just ordered mine and I have no plans on using with a HH so I'm very happy that I didn't have to buy the HH software.  Just don't be dumb and read what you are buying before you buy it.  Nemerous people have highly recommended this to me, although I have heard that MS Mappoint has better maps and should be used instead when you have it as an option.  Storing 50,000 data points without a connection to a computer is awesome.  I will be able to take the unit with me on a bike ride and analize the workout later hopefully looking at the route, elevation, etc.  Too bad it is only in Yellow..
 I got this jacket a month into having my ipod.  I had to buy it because I had been using the one that comes with the ipod and when I pulled the iPod out of that case it was easy to drop.  One time I did drop it and within a month of owning the iPod I had it in fro repairs.I got this jacket a month into having my ipod.  I had to buy it because I had been using the one that comes with the ipod and when I pulled the iPod out of that case it was easy to drop.  One time I did drop it and within a month of owning the iPod I had it in fro repairs.This case protected my iPod of another 11 months just fine.  My complaint with it tough is the plastic peice that protects the screen and pod from falling out.  It is stiched on the inside so when the ipod is in there is creates friction.  Acrilic and plastic do not mux and you get a slightly scraped serface.This case protected my iPod of another 11 months just fine.  My complaint with it tough is the plastic peice that protects the screen and pod from falling out.  It is stiched on the inside so when the ipod is in there is creates friction.  Acrilic and plastic do not mux and you get a slightly scraped serface.It will protect your pod though
 The product works perfectly.  The only problem is, the manual only includes directions for the most common setups.  To use one port as an "uplink" to a router, for example, you need to plug the uplink into the ethernet port labeled "1" and then leave port "2" open.  The directions do not state this, and I had to call Linksys to get it to work.The product works perfectly.  The only problem is, the manual only includes directions for the most common setups.  To use one port as an "uplink" to a router, for example, you need to plug the uplink into the ethernet port labeled "1" and then leave port "2" open.  The directions do not state this, and I had to call Linksys to get it to work.Other than that, it is fast, reliable, and small.  Perfect
 My setup:- Dell Latitude PP01L (Intel chip)- Win XP Pro- D-Link DI-624 Wireless Router (with two walls inbetween the laptop and the antenna)- Enabled the WEP feature- Enabled the WEP featureI unplugged the old wireless card and simply plugged this in.  Windows found the new card and did its Plug-n-Play thing.  Not only was I was able to get on the Internet immediately, but the card picked up two other signals in the neighborhood that I couldn't 'see' with my 11MB/sec Cisco Aironet card.  This I sort of expected, but was still a bit surprised being that my closest neighbor is beyond the range of most wireless routers.I unplugged the old wireless card and simply plugged this in.  Windows found the new card and did its Plug-n-Play thing.  Not only was I was able to get on the Internet immediately, but the card picked up two other signals in the neighborhood that I couldn't 'see' with my 11MB/sec Cisco Aironet card.  This I sort of expected, but was still a bit surprised being that my closest neighbor is beyond the range of most wireless routers.The CD installed just fine, but when I went to the D-Link site to check for an updated driver it said I was up-to-date.  I ran Windows Update and it claimed I had an updated driver available for my new D-Link card. I've never had a problem with D-Link's website (or customer service, while we're on the subject), so I was a bit taken aback that Microsoft was ahead of D-Link's site.  The CD installed just fine, but when I went to the D-Link site to check for an updated driver it said I was up-to-date.  I ran Windows Update and it claimed I had an updated driver available for my new D-Link card. I've never had a problem with D-Link's website (or customer service, while we're on the subject), so I was a bit taken aback that Microsoft was ahead of D-Link's site.  Either way...  install the card and get onto the internet, then have Windows Update check for possible updates.Either way...  install the card and get onto the internet, then have Windows Update check for possible updates.Be sure to enable the encryption feature.  If you are running a small network of computers where you are sharing folders then you want to be sure that your neighbors can't go snooping through your stuff.  Or worse, lift the signal, and ultimately your personal information.Be sure to enable the encryption feature.  If you are running a small network of computers where you are sharing folders then you want to be sure that your neighbors can't go snooping through your stuff.  Or worse, lift the signal, and ultimately your personal information.I've had no problems with my current set-up.  I HIGHLY recommend this card to bring your laptop/desktop up-to-date
 This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub. The cord is about 2.5 feet long - long enough to reach from my pc, which sits on the ground, to the top of the desk. It has a cable which is split into two USB plugs - one just to transmit data, the second to power the unit. The second plug does not need to be used unless you plan on using some heavy-duty hardware, and if so what are you buying a hub called the ultra mini for anyways? If you insist on trying to run a blow dryer off the thing, then it does have an input for a separate power source, which you will have to buy separately. The cord is about 2.5 feet long - long enough to reach from my pc, which sits on the ground, to the top of the desk. It has a cable which is split into two USB plugs - one just to transmit data, the second to power the unit. The second plug does not need to be used unless you plan on using some heavy-duty hardware, and if so what are you buying a hub called the ultra mini for anyways? If you insist on trying to run a blow dryer off the thing, then it does have an input for a separate power source, which you will have to buy separately. In short, If you have an old school machine with USB ports which are inaccessible /inconvenient to use, this little hub will give you quick access while taking up minimal space on your desk
 I had read the reviews of this mouse prior to buying it. It had gotten very good reviews. Ive ben playing with it for about a month now and i find it meets all my needs and then some. Highly recommend it
 I've been a gamer for almost 20 years.  This is the best mouse I've ever owned.  It is fast, accurate, well formed and constructed.  I would definitely recommend it.The DPI adjustment is a nice touch.  I prefer corded mice due to cordless being to heavy, this mouse is just right
 For those of you who bought MiniDisc recorders to move away from analog tape recording, this product is wonderful.  Especially good for recording lectures, voice lessons, etc.  It works quite well with the built-in mono mike, or you could use an external one.For those of you who bought MiniDisc recorders to move away from analog tape recording, this product is wonderful.  Especially good for recording lectures, voice lessons, etc.  It works quite well with the built-in mono mike, or you could use an external one.One of the few players that lets you record from a line input or an external mike -- you toggle which setting it is in the settings section.One of the few players that lets you record from a line input or an external mike -- you toggle which setting it is in the settings section.I record my radio shows by plugging in the line-out from the station's tape deck to my iRiver.I record my radio shows by plugging in the line-out from the station's tape deck to my iRiver.For those who recorded live music with their MiniDiscs, it's a little trickier.  You have to set the record input before -- you can't change it on the fly.For those who recorded live music with their MiniDiscs, it's a little trickier.  You have to set the record input before -- you can't change it on the fly.I've recorded live DJ shows with the built-in and AGC on.  Of course, the booming bass distorts horribly, but overall an easy record of the show.  Very easy to keep in a pocket rather than to be obviously recording a show.I've recorded live DJ shows with the built-in and AGC on.  Of course, the booming bass distorts horribly, but overall an easy record of the show.  Very easy to keep in a pocket rather than to be obviously recording a show.I've also tried external mikes with the record input turned down very low with very good results.  A bit of trial and error which I'm still refining with later iRiver products.I've also tried external mikes with the record input turned down very low with very good results.  A bit of trial and error which I'm still refining with later iRiver products.The single AA batter lasts a good long time.  Summer School involves 2, 2-hour classes, and I can record several days of them before battery is low.  If the battery runs out during recording, fear not, the file is saved!The single AA batter lasts a good long time.  Summer School involves 2, 2-hour classes, and I can record several days of them before battery is low.  If the battery runs out during recording, fear not, the file is saved!The negatives are the requirement to go through the special iRiver music program, but there are now firmware updates that will change your iRiver into the typical USB external drag-and-drop drive.The negatives are the requirement to go through the special iRiver music program, but there are now firmware updates that will change your iRiver into the typical USB external drag-and-drop drive.Files are recorded in a .REC file which one then converts to a .mp3 file after transfer to your computer.  I don't know how different this format is because it takes up exactly the same amout of space as the .mp3 file.  But you can't trasnfer .mp3 files off your iRiver, even if you made them yourself, so don't think you can use this to transfer .mp3 files from one computer to another.Files are recorded in a .REC file which one then converts to a .mp3 file after transfer to your computer.  I don't know how different this format is because it takes up exactly the same amout of space as the .mp3 file.  But you can't trasnfer .mp3 files off your iRiver, even if you made them yourself, so don't think you can use this to transfer .mp3 files from one computer to another.Also, the molding where the line-in input is sometimes gets in the way of certain plugs such as some RCA to 1/8" adaptors, so make sure you pick one that alows it to fit in securely all the way.Also, the molding where the line-in input is sometimes gets in the way of certain plugs such as some RCA to 1/8" adaptors, so make sure you pick one that alows it to fit in securely all the way.I've had mine for just over a year now and use it every day, whether just playing mp3s or recording classes.  I'm only just starting to have some trouble with the on/off/play/pause button.  After so many presses, it's starting to wear out.  But it's still working reliably.  I just have to press a little more precisely and pay more attention.I've had mine for just over a year now and use it every day, whether just playing mp3s or recording classes.  I'm only just starting to have some trouble with the on/off/play/pause button.  After so many presses, it's starting to wear out.  But it's still working reliably.  I just have to press a little more precisely and pay more attention.I have the 1G model (iFP-799) which is great.  I was able to record a 12-hour radio show marathon I produced with it.  Previous marathons required a stack of cassette tapes or minidiscs.I have the 1G model (iFP-799) which is great.  I was able to record a 12-hour radio show marathon I produced with it.  Previous marathons required a stack of cassette tapes or minidiscs.I'm quite happy with iRiver and plan on buying from them in the future
 I got this for hubby and me over the summer.   We used it for our trip to Rehoboth beach and we loved every minute of it.   WE have a tape deck in the car and used it w/ a cassette adaptor.  We had not problems whatsoever, in fact it sounds much better thru the cassette adaptor than over the fm transmitter.   I did try it thru the fm transmitter and it was a pain to switch from one station to the next, but i don't think anybody can improve upon that.  I had the same problem w/ my itrip.  We chose sirius for several reasons...i liked the classic vinyl station, my dad introduced me to that and hubby likes nascar and this is switching over in 2007.The only problem i had was i couldn't read the red lettering in the daylight w/ the sunglasses on, but i didn't give them less than 5 stars because of this.  this is the way to go, plus it has a suction mount, not a permanent mount. also, if you look on ebay, someone is selling something to adapt your mount to the bolt on your car seat!!definitely go satellite, the music is great and little/ no commercials depending on the stations.
 Works good, small, and comes with handy little stickers to put on so you can write contact info in case you lose it, though slightly costl
 I purchased this hub back in September. I plugged it in and I'm running two printers and my mouse off of it at the moment, I've had no problems. It doesn't take up too much room even with 7 ports.I purchased this hub back in September. I plugged it in and I'm running two printers and my mouse off of it at the moment, I've had no problems. It doesn't take up too much room even with 7 ports.My only complaint isn't with Amazon, it's with D-Link. After I sent in the rebate info, I got a card from D-Link saying my request wasn't valid because I hadn't purchased it from the right store. But I called them, and in about 10 minutes I had the problem cleared up and had my rebate a week later. I HIGHLY recommend keeping copies of all the rebate info, just in case..
 Fantastic, take all the videos and pictures you want with the best quality
 The product is a good value.   It performed well and was fairly easy to use. I only wish it would allow importing play lists from iTunes, all text had to be manually input.  Overall, I'm very satisfied with the product
 I previously owned the 1GB Lexar 40X CF card and thought that was the fastest a CF could get. I was completely wrong. This card is one fast sucker, and it can hold an enormous amount of images. In JPEG mode I am able to store over 1000 images. In RAW mode, which I'm converting to thanks to this large capacity card, I am able to hold 444 images all on my 20D!!! If your thinking of buying this card, don't hesitate. It is one awsome piece of equipment, and one heck of an investment!! 
 This is an excellent buy and is a quality item.  The service was fast and the card works as expected
 A lot of space -- My computer is over 5yrs old so I use these CD's as a  great back up for storing all my old documents, my ebooks, and my pics.
 These earphones are the best I ever had. I never had to try other pairs of earphone because I absolutely loved these that I keep buying it! After 6 years I buy the same one everytime. Of course I never use the winding case and it just sits there but heck it usually stores my other earphones that I brought but can't seem to throw them out because it costed money. It seems that many people are complaining about the electrical shocks from the earphones and I can answer why thats happening. It's actually static electricity. I experienced it myself a couple of times because I was wearing a wool sweater and the wool peacoat jacket that caused static electricity to form. It's actually not the earphones fault but when your wearing lots of clothes or a scarf with the earphones I suggest you switch to headphones to prevent being shocked. The bass is pretty decent when comparied to panasonic or jvc earphones. Hey for 10 bucks or less you can't except Sony to go all out and improve their cheapest model. I abuse my earphones so for 10 bucks a year I think these are the best rather than buying something thats $100 dollars or over and later regret it because it got either lost, broken or stolen.
 After having two SanDisk card readers, and one LaCie card reader die on me, I invested in this Lexar card reader. For the money, it has worked flawlessy with Pro compact flash cards up to 4GB in size. I am very impressed with the transfer speeds, and the unit is not too big for traveling. The door that covers the slot, however, is very flimsy and easily deattaches (but fortunately easily reattaches too?) I use Mac OS X 10.4.8 and it works just fine. I also used it with Windows XP without any installation or transfer issues
 A simple, cheap investment.  This CF reader actually does what it should, i.e. transfer info from compact flash to the computer.  Previous Kodak 1.0 multi-card reader had issues after a few weeks, and stopped working after 2 months.  This one is much faster and is still working.  Ahhhhh
 Just some specs missing from amazon's description:Just some specs missing from amazon's description:USB 2.0 CompactFlash ReaderUSB 2.0 CompactFlash ReaderSmall and travels with easeLED status indicator indicates when files are being transferred Data transfer speeds up to 480Mb/s Backward compatible with USB 1.1 Ships with removable USB 2.0 cable Ships with removable USB 2.0 cable Features Features Designed for large data transfers, like images, music and video Data transfer 5 to 6 times faster than using USB 1.1 Portable - weighs only 1.5 ounces Protective cover case keeps reader pins away from external hazards Compatible with Windows 2000/ME/XP and Mac OS X and 9.1 No drivers required with most current operating systemsNo drivers required with most current operating systems2-year Limited Warranty 
 I purchased the Adorama Slinger Bag after first purchasing the Tamrac Velocity 5.  The Tamrac bag is a nice bag and can be worn as either a shoulder bag or a waist bag. Unfotunately, it lacked sufficient support when worn as waist bag and did not have an attached pouch to carry a water bottle.  The Slinger Bag addressed both of these deficiencies.  When worn as a waist bag, it also uses the shoulder strap to keep the bag firmly in place which also helps to balance the weight of the bag.  There are two water pouches on the Slinger Bag (which is a real requirement as I live in Arizona).I purchased the Adorama Slinger Bag after first purchasing the Tamrac Velocity 5.  The Tamrac bag is a nice bag and can be worn as either a shoulder bag or a waist bag. Unfotunately, it lacked sufficient support when worn as waist bag and did not have an attached pouch to carry a water bottle.  The Slinger Bag addressed both of these deficiencies.  When worn as a waist bag, it also uses the shoulder strap to keep the bag firmly in place which also helps to balance the weight of the bag.  There are two water pouches on the Slinger Bag (which is a real requirement as I live in Arizona).The Adorama Slinger Bag is a great travel bag. It is light weight and has great utility.  I highly recommend it.
 This was the least expensive 1 GB memory card I have ever seen and it works as well as it should
 I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, duffel bags, but none of them really worked all that well. Then I saw the Lowepro Street and Field system with completely customizable pouches, vests, belts, and accessories. It works great, you only get the pouches you need so there is no waisted space and you can organize them however you want according to how often they are used (put frequently used items in easier to access places.) I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, duffel bags, but none of them really worked all that well. Then I saw the Lowepro Street and Field system with completely customizable pouches, vests, belts, and accessories. It works great, you only get the pouches you need so there is no waisted space and you can organize them however you want according to how often they are used (put frequently used items in easier to access places.) The variety alone of this system is worth the investment, but the quality and ease of use is also very high which is a big plus. You can get a case for any lens, camera body, or accessory you have. I even have cases for my cell phone and water bottle. One word of caution, be sure to measure your lens with the lens hood on backwards if you use them to make sure that the entire thing will fit into the pouch, because sometimes the lens will fit, but then the lens with the lens hood will not. I often carry 5-6 lenses, extension tubes, teleconverters, extra memory cards and batteries, and a bunch of cleaning supplies and other gadgets, which weights a ton. But when they are evenly distributed on this vest/belt Lowepro system it is actually very manageable. The variety alone of this system is worth the investment, but the quality and ease of use is also very high which is a big plus. You can get a case for any lens, camera body, or accessory you have. I even have cases for my cell phone and water bottle. One word of caution, be sure to measure your lens with the lens hood on backwards if you use them to make sure that the entire thing will fit into the pouch, because sometimes the lens will fit, but then the lens with the lens hood will not. I often carry 5-6 lenses, extension tubes, teleconverters, extra memory cards and batteries, and a bunch of cleaning supplies and other gadgets, which weights a ton. But when they are evenly distributed on this vest/belt Lowepro system it is actually very manageable. The only down side is that everyone will be staring at you because you have thousands of dollars of camera equipment strapped to your body. But if you can overlook that, this is the way to go. I have used this system at many zoos without ever having problems, in fact just unzipping a single lens and switching seems safer to me than opening an entire bag of equipment every time you want to switch lenses. Many of the cases also come with a built in rain/snow cover so if the weather changes all of your equipment is not destroyed. You can also put just a few pouches on a normal belt when you are just going to take photos in the back yard or don't need to take all of your equipment, which is nice. I really can't say enough about how much easier this makes traveling with a lot of equipment, if you have been hopelessly searching for a better solution, consider this, you won't regret it.
 Great for if you are not near a computer and need to charge your Ipo
 The Memorex DVD+R 16x discs are great.  I have a LaCie external 16x burner that I use with my mac and I have not yet burned a bad disc.  I would reccommend this product to anyone looking for lots of media for a good price
 Manufactured of a soft gray felt like material, a tough leather bottom, and draw string closure at the top, this lens pouch helps protect your lens from dust and the elements.  I store my lenses in a camera bag, and these cases fit nicely around the lens taking up little precious space.Manufactured of a soft gray felt like material, a tough leather bottom, and draw string closure at the top, this lens pouch helps protect your lens from dust and the elements.  I store my lenses in a camera bag, and these cases fit nicely around the lens taking up little precious space.This case is meant for use with the Canon 16-35mm f/2.8L USM, 17-40mm f/4L USM, 10-22mm f/3.5-4.5 EF/EFS lenses. These L lenses normally come with the case when sold new.  There is no need to buy one as Amazon often suggests.  However if your case is worn, replacing it to protect your lens is recommended.This case is meant for use with the Canon 16-35mm f/2.8L USM, 17-40mm f/4L USM, 10-22mm f/3.5-4.5 EF/EFS lenses. These L lenses normally come with the case when sold new.  There is no need to buy one as Amazon often suggests.  However if your case is worn, replacing it to protect your lens is recommended.PROS:Protects your glass investmentProtects your glass investmentCONS:I cannot think of an
 This CF card is perfect for anybody who needs a high capacity (e.g. for hi-res pics) but doesn't care about the transfer speed. It may be a bit annoying though - especially if you try to download all the 2GBs from the card to your hard drive because it takes some time. I do still consider it a real good purchase ;
 This memory card handles the job really well.  Unless maybe you're a professional sports photographer, it's plenty fast enough.  No problems using it with my Canon Rebel XT.  It holds about 550 pictures (JPEGs) at the highest resolution (8.2 MP)
 I have only had this monitor for a couple of day's but I am verry happy with it. It came well packaged and you cant beat the price. I shopped around and this was the one for me.I dont know about the other review but with in 5 min of opening the box I was using the monitor and it worked verry well!!THANK'S AMAZON
 I had a little trouble getting my system to recognize it when first set up...but after a little tweaking, it works beautifully.  Previously owned regular CRT...what an improvement!  Superb clarity and brightness.  For the money you just can't go wrong with this one
 I use the pink circles to buff the cd/dvd, and it leaves the circular marks all over the cd, as I thought it would. Well, I thought that those marks would disappear after I used the repair paste with the yellow circles, but they're still there. Is it supposed to be like this? The reason I bought the thing was to make the cds look like new, but now they just look even more scratched with the buffer marks all over.I use the pink circles to buff the cd/dvd, and it leaves the circular marks all over the cd, as I thought it would. Well, I thought that those marks would disappear after I used the repair paste with the yellow circles, but they're still there. Is it supposed to be like this? The reason I bought the thing was to make the cds look like new, but now they just look even more scratched with the buffer marks all over.Could someone answer this question for me please
 With boys aged 2 & 3, and some poor disc storage procedures when I'm driving, it appeared I was in need of one of these units.  Generally my toddler boys are not permitted to handle discs, but it occassionally happens, and doesn't take long for scratches, damage and finger prints to hinder performance, and when changing children's cds in the car I don't always store the disc properly and that leads to damage also.  I read through a lot of reviews on this item and the skipdoctor products, and finally decided on this unit because it runs on a/c power, is fully contained and automatic, and was about $10 less expensive than the most equivalent skipdoctor unit.  Both items had mixed reviews - mostly positive, but I found that most people who tried to make the units work and put in some time and effort were satisfied with both products.  I'm very satisfied with my purchase it has repaired two discs that could not be played at all, and one that skipped.  With boys aged 2 & 3, and some poor disc storage procedures when I'm driving, it appeared I was in need of one of these units.  Generally my toddler boys are not permitted to handle discs, but it occassionally happens, and doesn't take long for scratches, damage and finger prints to hinder performance, and when changing children's cds in the car I don't always store the disc properly and that leads to damage also.  I read through a lot of reviews on this item and the skipdoctor products, and finally decided on this unit because it runs on a/c power, is fully contained and automatic, and was about $10 less expensive than the most equivalent skipdoctor unit.  Both items had mixed reviews - mostly positive, but I found that most people who tried to make the units work and put in some time and effort were satisfied with both products.  I'm very satisfied with my purchase it has repaired two discs that could not be played at all, and one that skipped.  This product repairs a disc to "useable" condition, it does not repair it so that scratches are not visible.  I can still see, but not necessarily feel the scratches.  It's also important to remember that some scratches do not affect performance.  If a disc plays well, but shows scratches - I just clean off the finger prints with a cloth or use the unit to clean the disc and see if the performance is satisfactory before attempting a full repair.  This product repairs a disc to "useable" condition, it does not repair it so that scratches are not visible.  I can still see, but not necessarily feel the scratches.  It's also important to remember that some scratches do not affect performance.  If a disc plays well, but shows scratches - I just clean off the finger prints with a cloth or use the unit to clean the disc and see if the performance is satisfactory before attempting a full repair.  I agree that the instructions with the unit could be better. I saved the instructions provided by another reviewer to use with the provided instructions for clarity. Also, some severely scratched and damaged discs do take many passes to repair, so I agree it is time consuming to acheive a full repair for some items - but it is possible.  I noticed that I could cut down some of the repair time and solution usage by repeating the buffing/sanding (pink disc) process several times in a row for deeper scratches before using the repair.  I ran one disc through 3 times in a row, then used the repair cream solution with yellow pads and it played fine.  My lesser damaged disc only required one pass with the buffer and one with the repair until it worked great.  I usually clean the disc (manually with the cloth or with the machine depending on severity of grime), then buff, then repair.  It can be time consuming to repair a disc to functioning, but it does save the disc and my discs play like new despite the scratches that are still visable.  I think this was good purchase and not overly complicated to use. 
 So far I havent filled up my disc yet using it.  Thedisc that came with it would fill up after 3 minutes of talking.  So far its great
 I've read other reviews for this product that have people complaining about losing their data when the batteries are changed. THIS IS NOT TRUE if you're carefull.  First of all, my ebookman came with a bright blue warning flier stating that your ebookman needs to be turned OFF when you change the batteries.  Pretty simple, huh?  Also, don't wait for your battery to completely die before you change it. The main menu screen has a battery meter in the bottom right hand corner, and I just switch out the batteries when the meter reaches 10%.  I primarily use my ebookman to read ebooks and I love it
 I've been using these Memorex CD-Rs for years and have no problems with their reliability.  Have used them with multiple CD and DVD burners without compatibility issues. This was another re-order and I continue to be happy with this product
 the product arrive to me in very good condition, will recommend this product to anyone who needs blank cd
 For the most part I just want to keep it short.  I usually always by Energizer cause they're reasonably priced and seem to last much MUCH longer then most other battery products that I have used in the past
 These batteries are great, and seem to fit my Rio 500 better than some discount batteries. Good price too
 I have been using this D-Link hub for about six months.  The power light started flickering after about three months and now doesn't light at all.  The hub works great, but I wonder how long it will last
 I use my USB hub every day and it works fine with every device I plug into it
 I'm very happy with this product.  It's great value for the price.  The corded phone with answering machine means there's always a phone that's not dead and perfect for the home office area.  The cordless phone can be used to check the answering machine messages.  Lot's of features
 The unit itself works great.  Much faster transfers than using the usb cable directly to my camera.  However, the software includes a "monitoring" feature, which checks every second or so, to see if you've plugged in a card.  I opened up Windows Task Manager to discover that, each time it checked, it was consuming 25% of system resources (on/off each second).  No wonder my computer has been slower lately, especially if I have my image editing software open (duh).The unit itself works great.  Much faster transfers than using the usb cable directly to my camera.  However, the software includes a "monitoring" feature, which checks every second or so, to see if you've plugged in a card.  I opened up Windows Task Manager to discover that, each time it checked, it was consuming 25% of system resources (on/off each second).  No wonder my computer has been slower lately, especially if I have my image editing software open (duh).My recommendation would be to skip the San Disk software and access the card reader directly from My Computer, as mentioned in another review below
 Great quality, excellent construction and strong RJ45 plugs.  I have worked with a decent share of Cat5 and I have never had to cut  and terminate a Belkin cable due to regular wear and tear
 MY HUSBAND & I SEARCHED & SEARCHED FOR DVD'S THAT WERE COMPATABLE TO OUR DVD RECORDED.  NO ONE COULD HELP.  THEN I THOUGHT, "I'LL JUST CHECK ON AMAZON," AND SURE ENOUGH THERE THEY WERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!  WHAT A RELIEF!!!!!!!!!!  I WOULD HATE TO OWN A DVD RECORDER & NOT BE ABLE TO RECORD ANYTHING!!!!!MY HUSBAND & I SEARCHED & SEARCHED FOR DVD'S THAT WERE COMPATABLE TO OUR DVD RECORDED.  NO ONE COULD HELP.  THEN I THOUGHT, "I'LL JUST CHECK ON AMAZON," AND SURE ENOUGH THERE THEY WERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!  WHAT A RELIEF!!!!!!!!!!  I WOULD HATE TO OWN A DVD RECORDER & NOT BE ABLE TO RECORD ANYTHING!!!!!THANK YOU!!!
 This unit is a good buy.  It is priced low, but functions like you paid a higher price.  The negatives are that it isn't compatible with Itunes, and the earphones are not very ergonomically designed.  Overall, it is a good product
 I'll try to keep this short and sweet.  If you have been frustrated trying to get AM reception on the go, then you've found the right radio for you.  I can't tell you how many pieces of junk I've bought that barely pulled-in even relatively close AM stations unless I constantly twisted the radio to the perfect angle needed to get reception.   Luckily (?) those other radios also died pretty quickly. This Sangean product solves the AM reception problem and seems very durable. I also own their CCRadio and this pocket product lives up to its reputation.  I love the fact that it also gives you the option to broadcast through the built-in speaker, just like transistor radios of the 50's and 60's--a seemingly forgotten feature.  As for listening through the supplied earphones, forget it. Sangean should be ashamed to ship this product with the utter junk earphones that are supplied.  Never have I heard tinnier sound, even for AM listening.  Not not mention that the cord is annoyingly short.  I immediatey invested another $35 in decent pair of Koss earbuds and stored the supplied earphones in the neareast trash bin.  Now I happily and easily listen to AM and FM stations even over the roar of the lawnmower.   There might be alternatives for those of you who plan on listening to FM exclusivey, but if you spend even a little time on the AM dial, I really don't think you have a choice but to pick up this radio
 Sound great. Nice bank for the buck.Sound great. Nice bank for the buck.Did the I-plop follower think they would fit inside his ear? Maybe he is bitter with the DRM and I-Tune scam that Job's is screwing people over with. He's worse than Microsoft. I "love" followers
 This was my second DLO transpod. I had an older white one that I bought used. I figured I would "upgrade" to this one since my iPod and my car's interior are black. overall the thing performed similarly to my previous one, but with a few little changes.This was my second DLO transpod. I had an older white one that I bought used. I figured I would "upgrade" to this one since my iPod and my car's interior are black. overall the thing performed similarly to my previous one, but with a few little changes.For one the output of this unit is much lower than its older counterparts. That normally doesn't matter if you choose a good empty frequency, but as you start traveling you notice interference much more than you would expect. For one the output of this unit is much lower than its older counterparts. That normally doesn't matter if you choose a good empty frequency, but as you start traveling you notice interference much more than you would expect. Next, I can't turn it up any where near the volume I used to be able to on the older one without getting hissing and static. It seems that the decreased level on the output also increased the amount of electronic noise when using it.Next, I can't turn it up any where near the volume I used to be able to on the older one without getting hissing and static. It seems that the decreased level on the output also increased the amount of electronic noise when using it.Last, the most annoying part of this whole product, is that it turns off the radio transmitter after a period of no use. I have paused my iPod to take a phone call only to have very loud (since the level is so low on it you have to make up for it with stereo volume) static and sometimes radio stations coming through. Very embarrassing. Or when you stop your car and then come back, as soon as the radio turns on you are met with the same very loud noise.Last, the most annoying part of this whole product, is that it turns off the radio transmitter after a period of no use. I have paused my iPod to take a phone call only to have very loud (since the level is so low on it you have to make up for it with stereo volume) static and sometimes radio stations coming through. Very embarrassing. Or when you stop your car and then come back, as soon as the radio turns on you are met with the same very loud noise.Since my car doesn't leave me many options for stereo replacement, this is the best product for my specific situation, though I may try and get that old one back from my friend...maybe an "upgrade" to a newer one will settle the deal
 You must have received CA-709 (without the cassette component) by mistake.  CA-706 is prepackaged with the cassette component
 Worked perfectly.   Battery does not run low after a few hours off the base
 I use this keyboard at work and as I am a medical transcriptionist, it is all I use all day l o n g . . .I really like it and I'm going to buy one for my home as well. It is very easy to type on and I like the wrist support
 This receiver is a replacement for an older, more expensive, defective Sony that I had.  It was easy to install and performs comparably well with more expensive units.  I am satisfied with the product
 The reviews sounded too good to be true.  The reviews are right on.  This system is perfect for home theater.  I have the latest Panasonic plasma.  This receiver is the perfect compliment.  Here is why...The reviews sounded too good to be true.  The reviews are right on.  This system is perfect for home theater.  I have the latest Panasonic plasma.  This receiver is the perfect compliment.  Here is why...I could only start with at 2.1 set up - L/C/R and no sub woofer.  Great digital sound effects with a one button switch to stereo for easy comparison.I could only start with at 2.1 set up - L/C/R and no sub woofer.  Great digital sound effects with a one button switch to stereo for easy comparison.Tons of input/output connectors.  Unless you need HDMI, the available connectors are perfect.  The speaker connectors are screw down/banana plug type for easy, secure connection.  Lots of component video, S-VHS and RCA video inputs.  Lots of analog audio connections AND two digital coax and one optical.  I use the digital coax for my DVD/CD and for my cable box.  Tons of input/output connectors.  Unless you need HDMI, the available connectors are perfect.  The speaker connectors are screw down/banana plug type for easy, secure connection.  Lots of component video, S-VHS and RCA video inputs.  Lots of analog audio connections AND two digital coax and one optical.  I use the digital coax for my DVD/CD and for my cable box.  Really easy set up.  I could assign inputs to the various selections through the front of the receiver.  The manual is written in easy to understand language with lots of pictures.Really easy set up.  I could assign inputs to the various selections through the front of the receiver.  The manual is written in easy to understand language with lots of pictures.Did I mention the sound.  Frys offers Polk Audio R15 for an indecently low price.  With this receiver the sound is rich - great bass and treble without any tweaking of levels.  Adding a Cerwin Vega center channel brought out the digital sound effects and this has them all.Did I mention the sound.  Frys offers Polk Audio R15 for an indecently low price.  With this receiver the sound is rich - great bass and treble without any tweaking of levels.  Adding a Cerwin Vega center channel brought out the digital sound effects and this has them all.Best of all, my fashion master wife pulled the receiver out of the box before I got home and pronounced it beautiful.  It was the only low profile receiver I could find that fit in the armoire we use as an enterntainment station.Best of all, my fashion master wife pulled the receiver out of the box before I got home and pronounced it beautiful.  It was the only low profile receiver I could find that fit in the armoire we use as an enterntainment station.The end result - I sat down and just watched Hellboy for the first time all over again in the middle of the installation.  All for less than the cost of me and the Missus going to the movies for a few weekends.  Get this receiver
 This item does exactly what it's suppose to do. It also makes the signal stronger therefore you get better reception. Worth the money. Only drawback would be, there is a lot of cord hanging around
 The Sony SS-MF650H are a low-cost solution to good directional sound for a very small room.The Sony SS-MF650H are a low-cost solution to good directional sound for a very small room.Though I have not had the opportunity to test the ultra-high (up to 50kHz) frequency, the highs on these speakers sound very well, maybe only slightly boxy - note that the speakers are rather directional so the sound does not spread.Though I have not had the opportunity to test the ultra-high (up to 50kHz) frequency, the highs on these speakers sound very well, maybe only slightly boxy - note that the speakers are rather directional so the sound does not spread.The sound is very flat. The lack of depth makes it feel as if the sound is coming from a flat wall or a small box rather than from a space, especially if you stand further away (over 5 ft.) from the speakers. It seems that the speakers have a much lower than published sensitivity level. However, don't get discouraged because with most speakers/headphones it may be that the speakers need some time to burn in (loosen the diaphragm) to get a bit more "sustain" to their output rather than seem to have a very sharp cutoff.The sound is very flat. The lack of depth makes it feel as if the sound is coming from a flat wall or a small box rather than from a space, especially if you stand further away (over 5 ft.) from the speakers. It seems that the speakers have a much lower than published sensitivity level. However, don't get discouraged because with most speakers/headphones it may be that the speakers need some time to burn in (loosen the diaphragm) to get a bit more "sustain" to their output rather than seem to have a very sharp cutoff.The bass is very punchy, and not deep. I would definitely recommend a subwoofer for these speakers, as their highs are very good, and midranges are nice but maybe a bit flat. The subwoofer will party compensate for the problem, and you could even completely cut off the bottom frequency band and suffer little ill effect (use the LFE on your receiver for the sub-woofer... don't worry, low frequency bass is not perceived by humans as directional so your surround or stereo won't suffer). In other words, you will need a lot of tweaking and additions to make these sound nicer than their out-of-the box quality.The bass is very punchy, and not deep. I would definitely recommend a subwoofer for these speakers, as their highs are very good, and midranges are nice but maybe a bit flat. The subwoofer will party compensate for the problem, and you could even completely cut off the bottom frequency band and suffer little ill effect (use the LFE on your receiver for the sub-woofer... don't worry, low frequency bass is not perceived by humans as directional so your surround or stereo won't suffer). In other words, you will need a lot of tweaking and additions to make these sound nicer than their out-of-the box quality.Ignore the 50kHz rating for ultra-high-frequency sound as a positive feature, as no receiver you will buy at the budget for these speakers will be rated for that output. Most are rated for 20 Hz - 20kHz, at a reasonable RMS.Ignore the 50kHz rating for ultra-high-frequency sound as a positive feature, as no receiver you will buy at the budget for these speakers will be rated for that output. Most are rated for 20 Hz - 20kHz, at a reasonable RMS.You get what you pay for... for the price tag on them, the SSMF650H are good. They perform reasonably well on highs and mids (but in no means studio reference sound), and are crisp and punchy on the bass. They do however seem to lack depth and have low sensitivity - especially so on the bass... the further you move away from them (and especially if you stand up above them), the sound quality suffers.You get what you pay for... for the price tag on them, the SSMF650H are good. They perform reasonably well on highs and mids (but in no means studio reference sound), and are crisp and punchy on the bass. They do however seem to lack depth and have low sensitivity - especially so on the bass... the further you move away from them (and especially if you stand up above them), the sound quality suffers.I would recommend Wharfedale Diamond 8.4 speakers as a better choice if you're willing to expand your budget a bit. Polk is also not a bad choice for cheap sound.I would recommend Wharfedale Diamond 8.4 speakers as a better choice if you're willing to expand your budget a bit. Polk is also not a bad choice for cheap sound.I also demo-ed the ~$100 per pair CAT SDAT LEB-404 (I think I saw them on overstock for $80 with free shipping). They are a bit shady, but excellent for the price - seems that the 20 Hz bass rating on them is actually somewhat accurate. If you're looking for deep and bass-heavy sound without a sub-woofer, and are willing to take a hit on mids and highs a bit this is your "budget solution" instead of the SS-MF650H. I was pleasantly surprised. They also have poor sensitivity though, so if you have a big room shop around for something better.
 I listen to a wide range of music, from hard rock, techno/electronic, to classical, and I've found it difficult to locate reasonably priced speakers that can handle all of this -- at least until I ordered this set.  I was apprehensive about buying online (and also about the Sony brand for speakers), but I'm very happy with this purchase.  I've been very impressed with the sound both at the high and low ends - the highs are crisp and the bass is tight, not boomy.  The soundstage is expansive (of course, this depends a lot on your receiver as well) and imaging good.  I'd definitely recommend this speaker set
 This first time I use the HD product in my home video system and have the expected results. After I installed it and it immediately scan all the signal channels in my local area and have good quality. So far I place the antenna in door just in the first floor. I don't have too many channels in my living area in OH
 I bought my player Sep 2006 and the other region-free code did not work.  It is actually a DVD-224M (see manual) though it says DVD-224 on the player.  Here is how to do it:I bought my player Sep 2006 and the other region-free code did not work.  It is actually a DVD-224M (see manual) though it says DVD-224 on the player.  Here is how to do it:If you have the DVD-224M model (says DVD-224 on the box, DVD-224M on the manual...), the hack is: If you have the DVD-224M model (says DVD-224 on the box, DVD-224M on the manual...), the hack is: Make sure you have no DVD in the tray. On the remote control: 1) Press "TITLE" 2) Press "1" and then "9" On the TV a large box with a small number will appear. The number indicates for which DVD region the machine has been set, for example "2" for Germany or "0" for no region code. 3) Press the up arrow or down arrow to raise or lower the number. 4) Press "ENTER" Done. 
 worked very well as planedjust heavy to carr
 I would have given it a five star but sense it's the only one I have ever used I had nothing to compare with. I have used it nine tines and it worked perfect every time. Sturdily made.  
 The idea is excellent, the execution is flawed.  What is not made clear at the time of purchase is that you will need a bridge or gaming adapter as well as a high speed internet connection at home.  The adapter should be built into the box. Another disappointing factor is that the quality of the video is almost unwatchable if the connection is not robust.  There should be a cache memory built in so that a clear, unchoppy video and sound come through.
 One of the best gadget-products I've ever bought.  The installation and connection was completely flawless.  It worked the first time and has been working since (and I even used the Powerline ethernet adapter to connect back to my router).  I have my cable TV on one input and my security system on the secondary input.  Using my cellular Data connection on my laptop, I can watch tv or look at my security system from anywhere in the country
 Box worked perfectly as expected. However, it would be nice to be able to upgrade firmware to the new HD like performance or via a trade-in program to allow old customers to upgrade to the new Sling boxes
 This box is perfect to have all the basic ipod accesories at once. I have the 60 mb video ipod and all the accesories works perfect
 (Despite some of the negative reviews of this item, it continues to perform well with my regular-sized iPod.  In fact, it has more volume, depth, and presence than three other portable speakers--each costing 50 to 75% more--to which I've compared it.  The only downside is that the item is no longer sold postage-free from Amazon, diminishing its "bargain" appeal somewhat.)(Despite some of the negative reviews of this item, it continues to perform well with my regular-sized iPod.  In fact, it has more volume, depth, and presence than three other portable speakers--each costing 50 to 75% more--to which I've compared it.  The only downside is that the item is no longer sold postage-free from Amazon, diminishing its "bargain" appeal somewhat.)These modest-sized and priced speakers perform as advertised: the sound is more than adequate; they're small enough that I can take The Stephen Colbert Report  with me on walks; when not in use, they fold up into a mini Porta-John. My only misgiving is whether I should have spent 2-3X more for a unit with a dock connector. But for under twenty bucks you simply won't find a better sounding, more compact unit
 I liked these speakers they are small compact they work great with my Mp3 Player and you can't really beat the price.  My only complaint is that they don't come with an adapter but I just bought rechargeable batteries and the system work great I use them everyda
 These headphones are lightweight, fairly comfortable, and sound head and shoulders better than any pair of $20 headphones I've ever heard.  Here are the aspects people always want to know about:These headphones are lightweight, fairly comfortable, and sound head and shoulders better than any pair of $20 headphones I've ever heard.  Here are the aspects people always want to know about:BASS: these don't pound your eardrums in, but the bass that is there is infinitely cleaner and snappier than some of those boomy headphones I've heard.  You can really follow the bass line with these, rather than just having your eyeballs fuzz out from vibration.BASS: these don't pound your eardrums in, but the bass that is there is infinitely cleaner and snappier than some of those boomy headphones I've heard.  You can really follow the bass line with these, rather than just having your eyeballs fuzz out from vibration.MIDS/HIGHS: this is the reason to buy these headphones.  Not too bright, but very clear, warm, smooth, soothing, and musical.  The first time I listened to music on these I was able to pick out the click of the pick against the guitar string, something I'd never heard before on that song.  In fact, I blame these headphones on my new addiction to, well, headphones.MIDS/HIGHS: this is the reason to buy these headphones.  Not too bright, but very clear, warm, smooth, soothing, and musical.  The first time I listened to music on these I was able to pick out the click of the pick against the guitar string, something I'd never heard before on that song.  In fact, I blame these headphones on my new addiction to, well, headphones.These obviously can't play as loudly as $200 headphones, and lack a little of the very lowest and very highest reach, but everything in the middle is VERY good.  I don't think you can find headphones that are this nice to listen to for under $100.  And being under $20, you can buy a pair to try without feeling like you might be wasting a lot of money.  I should go work for these guys or something =)
 I was wondering if anyone knew if this hub would work for linking Xbox's together so you can have more than 4 people play at once. I know that I could link 2 with a crossover cable but I want to link 4 together so that I can have a gigantic 16 player Halo match (It's a very popular Xbox game for those who don't know
 Nothing much to say about them.  They're high quality high speed rewritable discs that do what they are supposed to do.  I've been using these kind of rewritable discs for a while now and I haven't had any problems with them what so ever even when I burn at higher than 10x.  They come with cases too so you won't have to worry about scratching the CDs
 I matched this model number up with the phone I have, and it is a perfect fit for the phone and for me.  I stay on the telephone for lengthy conference calls most of my workday, and the headset types that go in the ear ended up causing soreness.  This headset sits gently over my head with the earpiece lying on my ear.  I'm told I can be heard very clearly without echo or fadeout.  I would highly recommend this headset
 I bought this because my windshield suction mount could not be trusted.  I've had it fall off more than once.  Then you drive around wondering if your $700 Nuvi is going to fall and break.  Not Fun!  The friction mount works for me. For everyday driving, even aggresive driving, it stays put.  Someone on this site left feedback about using it with their Nuvi 360 and I used their review to make the purchase.  I'm glad I did. 
 I think this is as good as the expensive over $60 HDMI cables.  I wouldn't spend money on the expensive ones.  First of all, I'm not a cable junkie nor an expert.  However, according to my research, there's no difference in performance b/w the expensive version nor the $12, $15, $20 version when it comes to HDMI since it's all digital.. hole buch of zeros and ones.  The durability of the cables... I don't know.  But unless you're someone who constantly plugs and unplugs the cables for some reason, it wouldn't matter.  Normally, you'd connect the cable and keep it that way for a long period of time, so the durability is not really relevant.  Bottomline: This is as good as the expensive ones.  I first tried out the expensive Monster brand which was $85.  Then I returned it after purchasing this, for the quality was the same.  Don't buy the expensive ones
 This is wonderful for laptop users that travel or like to move your laptop around a lot.  If I leave my laptop somewhere I hate having to worry about tripping over wires and wires everywhere just look bad.  This is really small and compact! Perfect for traveling too.  I've used it for about 8 months now and it hasnt had one problem...it still recoils well
 This product is a nice headset that did fit nicely on my ear (lucky fit I guess) and was easy to work with.  It is compact and feels quite natural for me.  Not to mention it is designed to work on either ear so in the middle of a conversation you can just change ears
 I am pleased with this printer. Considering the price, it is a good value. The cartridges are kind of expensive, but I guess most cartridges are these days
 PROS:PROS:smallreliablevery good quality with picturesease of usegood softwareeasy installaffordableaffordableCONS:CONS:ink tends to run out quickly with picturesslow rate of printingusb cable not includedusb cable not includedoverall: 5 amazonian stars for the average user
 This is truly a no-brainer, excellent headphones at a great price, wonderful all around phones, would make a great gift also
 I have been using these for a while now and they seem pretty good to me.  (disclaimer: I am not an audio professional, nor do I have any expensive headphones to compare with.)I have been using these for a while now and they seem pretty good to me.  (disclaimer: I am not an audio professional, nor do I have any expensive headphones to compare with.)They have great detail in both low and high end. In fact, I can hear things in some of my music that I never noticed before in either my small speakers or in the several foam on-ear style or earbud styles.  This is good when listening to original CDs, or HQ mp3/AAC, but it did reveal  some audio glitches and artifacts in lower quality mp3 that I had just not heard before...They have great detail in both low and high end. In fact, I can hear things in some of my music that I never noticed before in either my small speakers or in the several foam on-ear style or earbud styles.  This is good when listening to original CDs, or HQ mp3/AAC, but it did reveal  some audio glitches and artifacts in lower quality mp3 that I had just not heard before...I tested these with a frequency response program on my Mac, show as having 25-15,600 Hz (in my ears, your ears may vary...) .  This range is better than most of my other inexpensive headphones and earbuds.I tested these with a frequency response program on my Mac, show as having 25-15,600 Hz (in my ears, your ears may vary...) .  This range is better than most of my other inexpensive headphones and earbuds.They do a good job of blocking out external noises-- great if you are in a bit of a noisy space.They do a good job of blocking out external noises-- great if you are in a bit of a noisy space.And, yes, they were a bit tight on the head initially.  To fix that, I got a stack of cd/dvd cases that was a bit wider than my head and allowed these headphones to be expanded by them for several overnight stretches (pun intended). This has helped too lessen the pressure they put on my ears and head to the point that they are now OK to wear for long periods.  NOTE: this procedure is at your own risk, as I do not think it is officially endorsed by the mfg.  ;-)   Do not overstretch them, as the headband material, while flexible, undoubtedly has limits to the stretch it can take.And, yes, they were a bit tight on the head initially.  To fix that, I got a stack of cd/dvd cases that was a bit wider than my head and allowed these headphones to be expanded by them for several overnight stretches (pun intended). This has helped too lessen the pressure they put on my ears and head to the point that they are now OK to wear for long periods.  NOTE: this procedure is at your own risk, as I do not think it is officially endorsed by the mfg.  ;-)   Do not overstretch them, as the headband material, while flexible, undoubtedly has limits to the stretch it can take.Great Bargain Headphones
 Not an audiophile, but someone looking to spend a decent amount of money on a quality set of headphones. This product nails all the requirements - great sound, great comfort, well built. I'll be buying more of these guys for friends and family.
 Don't let the reviews fool you. At this price, it's worth a little research. Apparently U3 is annoying a lot of people and the people at U3 have created an uninstall download for you to get. So Google it, download it, and buy the USB drive. The size of this USB drive and the fact that you'll never have to worry about losing the cap along with an excellent price make it worth buying. After you uninstall the U3 software, it works like any other drive. It works great, it just takes you ten minutes of a little extra work. Don't let the reviews fool you. At this price, it's worth a little research. Apparently U3 is annoying a lot of people and the people at U3 have created an uninstall download for you to get. So Google it, download it, and buy the USB drive. The size of this USB drive and the fact that you'll never have to worry about losing the cap along with an excellent price make it worth buying. After you uninstall the U3 software, it works like any other drive. It works great, it just takes you ten minutes of a little extra work. I'm very satisfied so far and have carried audio, video, and a lot, lot more  on a drive the size of a pen cap. Brilliant...
 I bought these headphones a week ago and I am very pleased with them. At the electronic store, I listen to 3 pairs of Sennheiser (HD-433 ; HD-437 and HD-457). I hesitated between the 437 and the 457 but went for the 457 (10 more buck$). At the store the sound was OK as they were playing from the Sennheiser display rack. When I got home, I plugged these in my computer soundcard jack and the sound was a whole lot better. I am very impressed of the volume and sound quality I can get from them on my computer. My soundcard is an onboard Soundmax AC97 on an Asus K8V-X motherboard. I set the sound option in Windows XP on "headphones" and played "Metallica- Nothing else matters" with WinAmp. WOW !!! I was really impressed with the bass response and sound clarity in general. I only use half of the volume available in Windows XP and it`s more than enough for me.I do agree with some other reviews that the bass could be more precise but I found out that it varies a lot depending of the sound source you`re using. The sound is better on  my computer than on my Harman Kardon amplifier and is a lot better on my MP3 player than with the earbuds that came with it.Overall, I would say that these headphones are very good for the inexpensive price. They blow away all the competition in the same price range. Compared to my old Panasonic, it`s a drastic improvement especially for the bass response.When it comes to music, I love bass a lot but I would recommand to others that you would listen to them from a source that you could adjust the bass level (bass knob or equalizer), so that way you won`t get too much bass from them.Very good headphones ... Go get a pair ... at this price you can`t go wrong. I highly recommand them for computer users (music, DVD movies and games)
 This is one of the best wireless phones I've had -- good call quality, good speakerphone quality and good range
 Panasonic makes good quality products and this is no exception.  Easy to use, very compact, no interference with cordless usage
 I bought this phone to replace my older Panasonic because I needed a new answering machine.  I love that I can retrieve messages from the handset.  The handset is a bit smaller than earlier models, but just took some getting used to.  Would definitely recommend
 I picked this up for 50 dollars to replace a 75-dollar Uniden that had a sticky "talk" button and muffled sound qaulity. The Panasonic blows the Uniden away. The sound is clear, crisp, and intimate, the ring selection is varied (I prefer the nonobtrusive default setting). The controls are easy to use. The quality and finish of the materials is high. I am now a loyal Panasonic phone buyer
 It's hard to believe the quality of the sound from this very small device.  MP3's sound great as do the voice recordings.  With 1 gig of space you can record an entire day of seminar speakers and still have space left.  The built in STEREO OR MONO mics are great...PLUS, YOU CAN USE IT TO CARRY FILES TO AND FROM WORK.It's hard to believe the quality of the sound from this very small device.  MP3's sound great as do the voice recordings.  With 1 gig of space you can record an entire day of seminar speakers and still have space left.  The built in STEREO OR MONO mics are great...PLUS, YOU CAN USE IT TO CARRY FILES TO AND FROM WORK.The function buttons are logical and easily accessed, even with my big fingers.  Priced right, I'm glad I purchased.  Received it on time.  Totally happy with my purchase.  The function buttons are logical and easily accessed, even with my big fingers.  Priced right, I'm glad I purchased.  Received it on time.  Totally happy with my purchase.  My only wish is that it came with a case and a neck or wrist strap.  It's so small it gets tossed into whatever pocket is available and that can lead to scratches from keys, etc
 I am a success coach and I record all my coaching calls as a standard practice. This recorder has performed fantastically in all situations. I get about 9 - 12 continuous hours of battery operation (depending on battery quality) and the unit captures voices flawlessly during my calls (I have an adapter for the phone). I have used this in a seminar setting and have had great results. I highly recommend using rechargeable batteries (always have one extra on hand) when you are going to use the unit for extended periods of time. Recharge before your event each day and you won't miss a thing. The unit only uses one battery and it's always a great idea to have a spare. The unit does not audibly warn when the battery is about to expire, so keeping a fresh charge should provide you with uninterrupted recordings. Each stop and restart begins a new file. For me that works great! If you are looking for one continuous file, do not shut it off. You can also buy software that will let you merge the files for your later use. You would be hard pressed to find a better product for the money
 A good stuff at great price and as usual Amazon was fast to send the item
 I decided to replace my iRiver 190T after a 3rd party cable adapter malfunctioned and fused the pin connection to the USB cable together.  I wanted USB 2.0 for the faster connection and a larger capacity, but still desired standard user replaceable batteries on a flash based player so I picked this up on sale.I decided to replace my iRiver 190T after a 3rd party cable adapter malfunctioned and fused the pin connection to the USB cable together.  I wanted USB 2.0 for the faster connection and a larger capacity, but still desired standard user replaceable batteries on a flash based player so I picked this up on sale.I may still search for a used iRiver 190T after playing with the Lyra RD2315.  I like the ruggedness of the 190T a bit more than the RCA Lyra RD2315.I may still search for a used iRiver 190T after playing with the Lyra RD2315.  I like the ruggedness of the 190T a bit more than the RCA Lyra RD2315.Pros:User replaceable AAA batteriesExpandable SD slot up to 512 MBDecent sound for biking and general yard workScreen is able to be positioned at 0 or 180 degrees for easy reading from belt clip/lanyardLine in recording and voice for short memos3 different color backlights for user preferenceDecent battery lifeDecent battery lifeCons:Headphones are worthless.  Placing them in ear prevents clips from holding them in placeSlow reaction on interface compared to older iRiver player "Please Wait..."Belt clip is going to break after minimal usage (like ink pen cap clips do)Doesn't seem like USB 2.0 speed, just normal USB 1.1No armband or case availableNo armband or case availableI used firmware 3.11 for my testing after upgrading from version 1.11
 when I bought my Intel iMac w/20" LCD suddenly everything else looked dull in comparison. This Apple 20" is very close in spec to my iMac 20" screen. Stores like Best Buy do not have good quality 20+" LCDs in yet. You want the 16x9 profile also, the regular square LCDs look dorky in comparison and typically have lower brightness and contrast ratios. The newer stuff is very bright and clear. It is obvious when you go to a store and look at the LCD screens. The cheap $200 LCDs just don't look good in comparison to the new stuff.when I bought my Intel iMac w/20" LCD suddenly everything else looked dull in comparison. This Apple 20" is very close in spec to my iMac 20" screen. Stores like Best Buy do not have good quality 20+" LCDs in yet. You want the 16x9 profile also, the regular square LCDs look dorky in comparison and typically have lower brightness and contrast ratios. The newer stuff is very bright and clear. It is obvious when you go to a store and look at the LCD screens. The cheap $200 LCDs just don't look good in comparison to the new stuff.Intel iMac screen:1680x1050280 cd/m2 (brightness in candle power)800:1 Contrast ratio800:1 Contrast ratioApple 20" LCD1680x1050250 cd/m2  400:1 Contrast14ms response time (www.apple.com/displays/specs.html)14ms response time (www.apple.com/displays/specs.html)Other comparables:Gateway 21" 1680x1050 $599300 cd/m2  1000:1 contrast300 cd/m2  1000:1 contrastDell 24" 2405FPW $8001920 x 1200500 cd/m21000:1 contrast1000:1 contrastYou should be aiming for at least 300 cd/m2 on brightness and close to 1000:1 contrast.  These Apple LCDs have been out for awhile and are starting to show their age in comparison to the brand new products that have just started to come out. If you are using your LCD for a TV you may need the brightness, but for computer work the Mac 20" LCD is just about right. You should be aiming for at least 300 cd/m2 on brightness and close to 1000:1 contrast.  These Apple LCDs have been out for awhile and are starting to show their age in comparison to the brand new products that have just started to come out. If you are using your LCD for a TV you may need the brightness, but for computer work the Mac 20" LCD is just about right. I paid a few $$$ more ($750 total price) for the Apple LCD, but I feel I made the correct purchase. I just didn't like the way the others looked and it had to look good against my iMac. I actually like this screen better than the one on my iMac and it seems just as bright even if the specs say that it is not. Amazon also boxes the shipment (besides the Apple box) so your screen should arrive undamaged
 I've been slowly making my way to the Mac side after nearly 15 years of unadulterated Windows/DOS use.  The process has been slow mainly because of the price and availability of Apple products:  High and Scarce.I've been slowly making my way to the Mac side after nearly 15 years of unadulterated Windows/DOS use.  The process has been slow mainly because of the price and availability of Apple products:  High and Scarce.The best thing about Apple is that their customer forums are full of people like you and me, and if you have a problem, someone else has most likely had it, too.  Those forums helped in my decision to purchase this monitor.The best thing about Apple is that their customer forums are full of people like you and me, and if you have a problem, someone else has most likely had it, too.  Those forums helped in my decision to purchase this monitor.I had been looking closely at the 23" monitor.  When I read about a majority of the displays getting a pink tint after only a few hours of use, I realized I would either wait until Apple re-engineered the monitor, or look at other options.I had been looking closely at the 23" monitor.  When I read about a majority of the displays getting a pink tint after only a few hours of use, I realized I would either wait until Apple re-engineered the monitor, or look at other options.With the 20" Aluminum, I didn't have to look far.  I wanted a monitor that would compliment my G4 laptop (Powerbook), but I didn't want to break the bank, either.  The answer was turning to ebay.  $600 out the door.  Mint condition.  Saved over $150, and the monitor works and looks great!With the 20" Aluminum, I didn't have to look far.  I wanted a monitor that would compliment my G4 laptop (Powerbook), but I didn't want to break the bank, either.  The answer was turning to ebay.  $600 out the door.  Mint condition.  Saved over $150, and the monitor works and looks great!The 20" and 30" models have had no problems.  If you can buy them new, go for it.  If you can buy new, but would rather spend that extra money on something else, check out the ebay auctions
 I was looking for a basic cordless phone with out an answering machine and this one is great. It has good reception and I like the size of it. This phone is just what I was looking for.
 These are the best portable headphones in this price range.  Good bass and smooth, natural sound. In fact they would probably still be the best bang for the buck at three times the price.  If you can afford more, consider the Sennheiser PX100 for about 40-50 dollars. But if you're on a budget or don't want to worry about losing or breaking a more expensive pair of headphones, these are definitely the ones to get
 Excellent mount for the 2 TV's I've purchased.  Was suprised to buy one about a month ago from amazon.com for 149.95 then was able to buy this one for 124.95.  Did I pay too much for the first mount?       Ollie...........
 This was needed for my Panasonic DVD recorder.  Works well - hope it holds up as advertised.... Looks like high quality and works well. So far - everything is as expected - and THAT is good
 It's not listed in the product description but the Pico works with the iPod Mini too.  Like the other reviewers, I found it easy to setup: tune the radio, turn on iPod, connect the Pico, tune the Pico, done).  In my car, the static interference was less noticeable when the unit was placed in close proximity to the radio.  I noticed this as well with my home stereo. Maybe the next generation Pico needs a larger antennae, or my iPod needed charging.  Regarding sound quality, my other car has a built-in iPod connector.  The Pico sound quality is comparable, somewhat muted, but enjoyable.  The Pico does offer the advantage of displaying the iPod menu to select tunes.  I've read mixed reviews on other FM transmitters, but I am pleased with the Pico
 I ordered this device to sit on a player piano, which can play ipod encoded MP3 files, once they are transferred from the special CDs that are designed for the piano.  The remote is limited, as are all remotes for ipods, but for the special use I have, this is a great product.  It allows me to sit across the room and pause the piano or select the next piece of music
 I was looking for an inexpensive, yet high quality, long lasting, and durable way to identify dozens upon dozens of electrical wires behind the instrument panel of my airplane. A fellow pilot made me aware of the family of small electronic labelers available in the marketplace. The Brother 1750 fits my needs perfectly. Offering two lines of crisp, highly readable print gives a professional appearance to all labeling needs. My experience is quite different than some reviewers who have complained about wasted tape. In fact, I found that little wasted tape is generated if you simply adjust the margins to a particular task and this option is clearly spelled out in the instruction booklet. Since I purchased the 1750, I have found many uses for it around the home office and I wonder how I got by without one in the past! My only complaint about the keyboard is that among the characters, it does not offer a dash or hyphen, so when one is  required, I find myself using a star instead. That is a minor complaint though.  The Brother 1750 gets considerable mileage on AA battery power alone, so I have not felt the need to purchase the adapter
 We recently purchased 4 of these phones and all of them work fine. The CID works perfectly for both lines. The interface/menu takes a few minutes to learn and get used to but I wouldn't call it "non-intuitive".We recently purchased 4 of these phones and all of them work fine. The CID works perfectly for both lines. The interface/menu takes a few minutes to learn and get used to but I wouldn't call it "non-intuitive".The Redial button (as you can see in the picture) is right above the number pad. If you can't find it, you might want to buy a phone with less buttons and less features. And it's pretty simple to redial a number in the CID display... when you see/get to the number press Enter twice (Once to bring up the "MENU", and Once more to "DIAL"). In fact you can also save that number into the phone's memory through the menu (press Enter once and scroll through the options)
 At first, I was not sure about if this Windshield Mounting Bracket was going to stay in place while I drive trough the streets. However, I was very surprised when I found out that the Bracket stayed put all day going from one place to another, even under some vibration. The suction rubber system is quite strong. It has 2 angles for adjustment, and you can rotate the GPS clockwise/counterclockwise.At first, I was not sure about if this Windshield Mounting Bracket was going to stay in place while I drive trough the streets. However, I was very surprised when I found out that the Bracket stayed put all day going from one place to another, even under some vibration. The suction rubber system is quite strong. It has 2 angles for adjustment, and you can rotate the GPS clockwise/counterclockwise.Pros: Strong suction rubber system, GPS mounting systemCons: Lack of a 4th angle for adjustment (the GPS can only be adjusted in the windshield plane, so you can not turn it towards your face for easy viewing - that's why I give 4 stars
 Very strong suction cup provides secure mounting. Quick and easy clip in and release for taking the GPS with you. Product would be better if the pivoting arms were longer and able to swivel sideways. Otherwise, this is a well-designed and quality product
 The forums speak highly of these units-xr70, and I was going to get one because of the small form factor. Amazon's description for the height at 2.5" is incorrect, according to Panasonic's website. Should be listed as 3 9/32"H. Makes a difference if you're short on space
 I was paranoid about having buyer's remorse from this unit. For such a cheap price I was sure I would end up regretting the purchase. What is the tradeoff? Shoot if know, but I haven't regretted buying it one bit. The receiver is perfect for home theater, particularly DD 5.1 shows. There is absolutely no discernable speaker hiss with digital content, which is important for TV watching that has a high range of both loud and silent moments.I was paranoid about having buyer's remorse from this unit. For such a cheap price I was sure I would end up regretting the purchase. What is the tradeoff? Shoot if know, but I haven't regretted buying it one bit. The receiver is perfect for home theater, particularly DD 5.1 shows. There is absolutely no discernable speaker hiss with digital content, which is important for TV watching that has a high range of both loud and silent moments.As for power, it's not an even match with some of the more power hungry and expensive analog amplifiers out there, but it easily crosses the threshold of annoying the neighbors.As for power, it's not an even match with some of the more power hungry and expensive analog amplifiers out there, but it easily crosses the threshold of annoying the neighbors.Digital is something to get used to. On conventional receivers, you turn the sound up high and it becomes somewhat sloppy, or what some call "warm". Not so with the digital Panny. It's distortion free up to very high levels. I wouldn't call it bright, but the response is very linear and precise. I like hearing all the details in music and cinema, even at loud volume. Others don't.Digital is something to get used to. On conventional receivers, you turn the sound up high and it becomes somewhat sloppy, or what some call "warm". Not so with the digital Panny. It's distortion free up to very high levels. I wouldn't call it bright, but the response is very linear and precise. I like hearing all the details in music and cinema, even at loud volume. Others don't.The weaknesses are very minor:The weaknesses are very minor:-The FM tuner is nothing special.-It lacks fancy DSP modes of expensive receivers.-No fancy on screen display (must do most of the tweaking with knobs)-It does not upconvert video.-The remote control is an el cheapo.-The remote control is an el cheapo.For this price, though, who cares
 I purchased this receiver from Fry's Electronics in San Diego, CA for $199.99. At first, I was a little hesitant about purchasing an all digital receiver. When I got it home, and connected it, I was amazed. This receiver will blow you away with the precision of it's home theater capabilities. I am using four Polk R30's as my fronts, and rear surround, and two Sony center channels for my front center, and rear center channels. I also have a KLH 10inch Tremor Series powered subwoofer. I estimate the entire system to cost about $650.00 total. I have colleague that has a Bose home theater system, and my little system blows his out of the water, and he paid much more for the Bose. If you want a great receiver a minimal price, this is the way to go. By the way, did I mention that it has four digital inputs, an optical output, and HDMI in and out connections. BUY IT!!!
 The logitech stereo usb noice cancelling headset is awesome... I never recieved the one I ordered from ANT online, but the one I bought later at walmart owns me
 I did a lot of research and finally ended up with this product. I did a lot of research and finally ended up with this product. 1) BOSE is an excellent piece - but main drawbacks - portability and lack of audio input from other devices1) BOSE is an excellent piece - but main drawbacks - portability and lack of audio input from other devices2) Altec Lansing - basically a roun cylinder shaped one and I didnt get that in a black color for my 30 GB Black Video Ipod and the sound wasnt that impressive as Bose (or for that matter Logitech mm 50)2) Altec Lansing - basically a roun cylinder shaped one and I didnt get that in a black color for my 30 GB Black Video Ipod and the sound wasnt that impressive as Bose (or for that matter Logitech mm 50)3) Apple's ipod Dock - its a bulky one, that is definitely not portable and costlier than the Bose. 3) Apple's ipod Dock - its a bulky one, that is definitely not portable and costlier than the Bose. I went to BestBuy to listen to everything and Logitech mm 50 really outweighs the other ones on these - price, portability and sound quality, yea, its not like Bose or Apple's dock - but really good for such a small piece. I went to BestBuy to listen to everything and Logitech mm 50 really outweighs the other ones on these - price, portability and sound quality, yea, its not like Bose or Apple's dock - but really good for such a small piece. The only thing I find a little difficult is, I am not able to switch playlists with the remote, its just for play/pause/next/prev and sounds, would've been completely happy if had all that I could do in the ipod. But, I am very happy with the buy and will definitely recommend to bu
 I've had 2 other FM transmitters (A Belkin and a Griffin iTrip). Neither came close to the quality of this transmitter. Neither charged the iPod (The Belkin required batteries, which only lasted about 15 hours of use), while the iTrip worked OK at first, but then started getting static no matter what station I used. In fact, I had to have the iPod in hand for the static to go away (and then, it was still not clear). The sound isn't as loud as some (it takes over the volume control, so you cant use the volume on the iPod.) Still, it's not nearly as soft as some I've seen. I found most music came through at a good volume (I did adjust a few songs in iTunes to pump them up). This unit, although it seems cheap and flimsy at first, is able to get a consistant, strong signal, even on stations which usually come in clearly. It powers through them, and the result is a very clean sound. It is a little hard to read at the regular angle, but once you set the 3 presets, you don't need to see the screen. Just set your radio to the same 1-2-3 configuration. Also, turning it at a 90 degree angle lets you see the screen much clearer. In all, I couldn't be happier
 at such low price, this player is really pretty good.at such low price, this player is really pretty good.it gets the job done, even though the UI is a little bit basic.it gets the job done, even though the UI is a little bit basic.it can record in DVD+R and DVD-R, and has a 10 hour mode.  Although in the 10 hour mode, image is not so clear but still pretty good if view on the computer using 320 x 240 resolution.it can record in DVD+R and DVD-R, and has a 10 hour mode.  Although in the 10 hour mode, image is not so clear but still pretty good if view on the computer using 320 x 240 resolution.and at such a low price, you can get two or three to record different programs and archive some shows, and it is still cheaper than the Media Center PC.  Good thing is the disc is already a DVD playable in any player.  No need to burn it as opposed to if you are using Tivo or Media Center PC.
 Quite acceptable.  In line with prior purchases at outlet where PIXMA was sol
 I've had these headphones for just over two years, and I'm happy to see that they're one of the few pairs marketed as "surround sound" that have done quite well. The reason behind that is because they're truly excellent headphones. The range is spectacular and the inputs even more so. You're given the option of RCA and Toslink (optical), which is all you really need. I've had these headphones for just over two years, and I'm happy to see that they're one of the few pairs marketed as "surround sound" that have done quite well. The reason behind that is because they're truly excellent headphones. The range is spectacular and the inputs even more so. You're given the option of RCA and Toslink (optical), which is all you really need. Movies really do sound like movies...you hear things behind, in front, and to your left and right when you're connected via optical. Take note that DTS also sounds 'boomier' and a tad crisper than Dolby D does, especially in Gladiator. Movies really do sound like movies...you hear things behind, in front, and to your left and right when you're connected via optical. Take note that DTS also sounds 'boomier' and a tad crisper than Dolby D does, especially in Gladiator. Honestly, I've nothing to complain about. As a college guy, I couldn't bring my 1010 watt system from home. Which, I might add, never sounded as good as my headphones, mostly because headphones will always have the advantage of being closer to you physically. Listening to music at extremely high bit rates and using the optical connection from my Macbook Pro truly does some incredible things. You'd be amazed at Coldplay's "The Scientist" if you heard it on these headphones. It's indescribable.Honestly, I've nothing to complain about. As a college guy, I couldn't bring my 1010 watt system from home. Which, I might add, never sounded as good as my headphones, mostly because headphones will always have the advantage of being closer to you physically. Listening to music at extremely high bit rates and using the optical connection from my Macbook Pro truly does some incredible things. You'd be amazed at Coldplay's "The Scientist" if you heard it on these headphones. It's indescribable.And by the way, I'm a slight audiophile.And by the way, I'm a slight audiophile.You seriously can't go wrong with these headphones. And $65 for each additional pair of headphones, allowing you to add as many as you want to one base station? Even better...good idea for families in apartments.You seriously can't go wrong with these headphones. And $65 for each additional pair of headphones, allowing you to add as many as you want to one base station? Even better...good idea for families in apartments.Incredibly advanced technology, incredible sound, and incredible results. Can't go wrong here.Incredibly advanced technology, incredible sound, and incredible results. Can't go wrong here.Oh, and they're extremely comfy
 I just recently purchased the Quickcam STX for my sister who lives overseas in Greece. It's a great way for us to connect especially since we only see each other on an annual basis. Surprisingly, the video and audio is quite good. I do have a Mac and she doesn't have any issue calling me from her pc.  We use Aol instant messenger (Video and Audio) or Yahoo Messenger (Video) to connect.  I still prefer the iSight for Macs.  Unfortunately, you can't use an iSight on a pc. Wish Apple could make the iSight compatible with PC's. Anyhow the STX is a great cam for what it's worth.
 This samll web cam is doing a great job connecting my families overseas. The flexible shoe is really handy and the image and voice quality is beyond my expectation
 have had no problems with this item, and it's a good price for the powered kind of USB hubs, which I have found are pretty necessary for most USB items. 
 I found the sound fantastic. Just got these after usinf Shure E3s for about a year. I liked those but find these even better. When I first tried them I found the base so much stronger than the E3s as many have alluded to. Now I run my iPod at normal equalizer settings. I find the balance of the set dead on. The fit is great, of course your milage may vary. In fact they are so good at excluding air conduction that bone conduction becomes very noticable. This means when I walk with them I can hear my footsteps. This would be a real problem if I jogged (low impact workouts such as elipticals and bicycles are not affected)
 This is my second FM transmitter and works much better than the Belkin that I ended up returning because it simply wasn't working.This is my second FM transmitter and works much better than the Belkin that I ended up returning because it simply wasn't working.It plugs firmly into my cigarette lighter and stays there, unlike the Belkin (I drive a 2001 BMW 325ci). It is easy to use with the preset FM stations. It works right out of the box, you'll be ready to go within seconds. The sound is crisp, with some static interference, which can be expected in a big city. Unmounting my car's antenna helps a little but doesn't completely cure the interference. I have a factory BMW Business radio which picks up FM signals pretty much without an antenna.There is nothing to mount the iPod so you'll either have to set it in your cup holder or purchase a case separately.There is nothing to mount the iPod so you'll either have to set it in your cup holder or purchase a case separately.I wouldn't spend more than $45 on any FM transmitter as there will always be minor interference in urban areas. I won't be getting rid of my CD changer just yet
 I have had my Axim x51v for about three months.  I purchased it from Dell for $480 with aluminum hardcase, extra 1100mAh battery, and auto power cord.I have had my Axim x51v for about three months.  I purchased it from Dell for $480 with aluminum hardcase, extra 1100mAh battery, and auto power cord.Strengths: Just about everything.  The processor is absolutely incredible.  I heard (unconfirmed) that the Intel 624 MHz PXA270 is faster than a 2GHz Pentium 3!  It sure seems like it.  This PDA blazes through movies, photos, games, word processing, and anything else I can throw at it.  The other definite high point for this PDA is the screen.  Once you see a VGA screen like this, you will be astounded at the difference it can make over a QVGA screen.  I have to get about 4 inches from the screen to even see the pixels.  The screen is crystal clear.  The battery life is phenomenal, even with the standard low capacity battery.  Playing a movie at full brightness and full volume will last about 2 hours, extended to about 4.5 hours on low brightness and headphones.  Turned off with a 1GB SD card drains the battery about 2% per day.  WiFi is amazing.  It connects consistently and is moderately easy to set up.  Once connected, it keeps the signal well and is, while not fast, reasonable for speedJust about everything on this PDA is almost perfect.Just about everything on this PDA is almost perfect.Weaknesses: Not enough programs to start with, Windows Media Player 10 (Download TCPMP, it's way better)Weaknesses: Not enough programs to start with, Windows Media Player 10 (Download TCPMP, it's way better)Problems: Don't use Odyssey Client, it makes the PDA start up really slow.  Also, in ActiveSync, On the PDA, select Menu, Add Server Source.  On all of the screens, put random characters in each field, and deselect any check boxes that tell it what to synchronize.  Then go to menu, schedule and select manual for both.  Then go to menu, options, and delete the entry that you just added (the one that has no boxes under it checked) and delete it.  It fixes a myriad of problems and makes the PDA run faster, and it still syncs automatically in the cradle.Problems: Don't use Odyssey Client, it makes the PDA start up really slow.  Also, in ActiveSync, On the PDA, select Menu, Add Server Source.  On all of the screens, put random characters in each field, and deselect any check boxes that tell it what to synchronize.  Then go to menu, schedule and select manual for both.  Then go to menu, options, and delete the entry that you just added (the one that has no boxes under it checked) and delete it.  It fixes a myriad of problems and makes the PDA run faster, and it still syncs automatically in the cradle.Conclusion: An awesome PDA that does just about everything.  Combine it with a BT keyboard and perhaps even a BT mouse, and you have an unbeatable combination of power and portability.  Everything works extremely well
 This phone has noticably greater range and clarity than our other wireless phones. The message center works well, and the intercom feature is useful. The phone is a little small, and similar to cell phones rather than a house wireless phone.There are two generic rechargable NiCAD batteries, I think they will be easier to find than some of the packaged NiCADs that come with most wireless phones
 This phone is small, great battery life, awesome range, and no interference.  The features are subtstanial and the quality is amazing.  From one that has always had Uniden Cordless phones this is a substantial upgrade. 
 i bought one version from best buy, then i bought another with different buttons, then i bought this platinum one because its so cool looking, just make sure you save the code
 sent check for full price fairly promptly, but not including tax, which ads say they will d
 Best earphones I ever had. Better then Sony MDR-EX51LP Fontopia Headphones. 2 years warranty
 Earbud fit system is comfortable, seals out noise, for many ear canal sizes. Sound is great
 I'm very pleased with this camera.  I updated it with the new drivers and software on the Creative site (from January 2006) immediately and I have not had any of the problems others mention.  The image quality is excellent with good lighting and the camera is fast since it is a true USB 2.0 camera. It will work with USB 1, but be sure you use USB 2.0 for better quality.I'm very pleased with this camera.  I updated it with the new drivers and software on the Creative site (from January 2006) immediately and I have not had any of the problems others mention.  The image quality is excellent with good lighting and the camera is fast since it is a true USB 2.0 camera. It will work with USB 1, but be sure you use USB 2.0 for better quality.Video calls run a bit choppy if there is a lot of movement, but for basic conversations, it is fine.  I use 8 Mbs cable and I connect with people using the same or high speed DSL.Video calls run a bit choppy if there is a lot of movement, but for basic conversations, it is fine.  I use 8 Mbs cable and I connect with people using the same or high speed DSL.This camera takes great video & photos and has an excellent one click panoramic option that does all of the stitching for you.  If you want to take a large group shot, it is really cool.  The other features like security and remote monitoring are very useful as well.  I don't use the face tracking.  This camera takes great video & photos and has an excellent one click panoramic option that does all of the stitching for you.  If you want to take a large group shot, it is really cool.  The other features like security and remote monitoring are very useful as well.  I don't use the face tracking.  The base deserves a mention too.  I use this on my notebook and on my desktop.  It's cool that the base works with both notebook screens and on flat surfaces.  Highly recommended for the price now with the current rebate Amazon is offering
 I wanted a combo and this seems to be the best one on the market now days.The mouse is very good, a tad small, but still very comfortable. Not as good as  Logitech MX(tm)500 for my hand (I'd say I have a medium size hand), but still a very solid product. Side buttons are very useful. No need to install any additional drivers for XP if you are ok with the default behavior. Just plug it in and use.The keyboard is so-so. It is not bad, but just not very comfortable, especially compared to Microsoft keyboards. (I use Microsoft 4000 for work and it really shines). The labeling is very small, Insert/Delete keys are not standard and I hate Vista ready button, if you hit it in the middle of the game you are lucky not to crash.Would I buy it again? Yes. Would I recommend it? Yes, but with some reservations.Would I buy it again? Yes. Would I recommend it? Yes, but with some reservations.
 Why settle for less, when you can get a brand new original Panasonic or Samsung 42 inch plasma TV for Free! I got mine from this web site:  awesomestufffree.com/plasma-t
 Like most people here, I found the Bose Triport headphones to have excellent sound but the plastic on mine also broke in the recess next to the earcups.  What I found is that this is caused by the tension of the headband frame pushing into the plastic.  In fact, the plastic broke from just sitting in my drawer for a week with the headband fully extended.Like most people here, I found the Bose Triport headphones to have excellent sound but the plastic on mine also broke in the recess next to the earcups.  What I found is that this is caused by the tension of the headband frame pushing into the plastic.  In fact, the plastic broke from just sitting in my drawer for a week with the headband fully extended.My recommendation is to store these headphones with the earcups fully retracted, to reduce the tension of the headband frame on that piece of plastic.  Bose replaced them with no hassles, no receipt, no registration, just sent them back and got a brand new pair.  I think that was well worth the money spent over 2 years ago
 I recently received the Zen Microphoto as a gift.  Since I travel fairly often, I decided to purchase the Traveldock after reading the reviews.  It's great.  The Microphoto fits in easily and comes out just as simply.  The sound is rich, loud enough, and better than any other travel speakers that I own.  Many people comment on the bass issue.  For travel speakers, the Traveldock has the best bass to date, in my opinion.  True bass enthusiasts could purchase the subwoofer (for an additional $60 from Creative's website).  I'm very satisfied with the sound and the convenience.  The jacks are easy to reach and use, which are on the back of the unit.  Also, the Microphoto charges while docked, whether it's playing or not.  There's even an attachable FM antenna that plugs in to give you reception when docked (since you are not using the earphones which serve as an antenna also).  By the way, it comes with a remote control which allows you to switch between FM and MP3's, adjust volume, and play/pause/FF/Rew.  Overall, this is a very nice addition to the Zen Microphoto.
 Again, Creative Labs has combined all you need into one package: line in jack, usb port, fm antenna, and even a jack for a sub-woofer! for a small portable speaker, this system gets pretty loud and clear. The stereo effect button works great, the design is very stylish and the remote is a nice finishing touch. now for the cons;like most reviewers,i too, have to say the bass is lacking a bit, and the stand has a bit of trouble holding the speakers up due to small rubber feet that doesnt grip very well. and the last thing is the speakers itself doesnt have any grill or guard on it and it looks like it could be damaged easily, but these are minor things i can overlook and all in all for the price, this speaker system is very good.    i tried the Altec Lansing portable speakers for the same price and i returned it the next day. it didnt even get half as loud without distortion and it didnt have as many cool features either.right now, im using the speakers with the zen nano plus and it works great! im saving up for the zen micro now and if it sounds good with the nano, then i know the TravelDock will sound amazing with the micro that it was intended for. one more thing, if your going to use the line-in cable for a device other than the zen micro, be sure to insert the BLACK end of the cable into the device your want to play and the WHITE end into the speakers line-in jack. i read a reviewer who said the speakers sounded tinny like a transistor radio and its because she had the wrong ends of the cable attached. i did it myself and i figured it out. unlike the reviewer who returned the speakers before taking the time to learn how to use it before returning it and giving it a bad review. I love these speakers and i even use them for my t.v and they sound great for that too
 I bought these speakers based on price because I just wanted to get some budget speakers to start off with on my home theater.  It turns out that these speakers have amazing sound quality easily rivaling speakers that cost 10x the price.I bought these speakers based on price because I just wanted to get some budget speakers to start off with on my home theater.  It turns out that these speakers have amazing sound quality easily rivaling speakers that cost 10x the price.I really can't find one bad thing to say.  Even at high volumes they have a crystal clear pristine sound.  The sub woofer pumps a nice rich heavy bass. Take advantage of the low price on these speakers, you won't find a better deal.I really can't find one bad thing to say.  Even at high volumes they have a crystal clear pristine sound.  The sub woofer pumps a nice rich heavy bass. Take advantage of the low price on these speakers, you won't find a better deal.I'm using these speakers with a Harman Kardon AVR 240 receiver and I also have two Polk R15's as my front left and right
 nice little system but only 4 ohms so doesnt handle a lot of power. Good sound for an apartment
 For the cost, you can't go wrong with these speakers from Jensen. We love them, and in shopping around found them to be one of the best home theater values. The sound is great, and the speakers are perfect for just about any home theater need
 Purchased this iterm for my HP8450 printer. Pictures are outstanding and the cartridge does the job.Only problem is the cartridge gets eaten up in no time at all. Cost per print no bargain. Problem isn't with the catridge, but with the printer and print process. Now we know why HP has printers at such reasonable price. They eat you up and spit you out via the price of cartidges. That's where the real profit lies. Amazon is tops in price and service delivery
 About 2 1/2 years ago I finally got into the digital age.  I began printing my own pictures and have tried every brand of photo paper out there (Kodak, HP, store brands, etc. etc.).  By far, the most superior paper is Canon.  They make fabulous photo paper that is reasonably priced and prints GREAT photos.  About 2 1/2 years ago I finally got into the digital age.  I began printing my own pictures and have tried every brand of photo paper out there (Kodak, HP, store brands, etc. etc.).  By far, the most superior paper is Canon.  They make fabulous photo paper that is reasonably priced and prints GREAT photos.  I did a wedding album using Canon photo paper and the couple I gave it to thought that the photos were as good as the photographer they'd hired, which speaks volumes to the quality of Canon paper.I did a wedding album using Canon photo paper and the couple I gave it to thought that the photos were as good as the photographer they'd hired, which speaks volumes to the quality of Canon paper.I'd highly recommend that people use this brand.  You won't be sorry
 Echoing most other reviews here, this is an excellent set of earphones that are well worth the money.  But buying them is a risk! If you don't wear these earphones correctly, they sound terrible, easily shown up by any pair of throwaway phones.  Those unsatisfied with the sound quality (especially those complaining of lack of bass) either haven't put them in correctly or have oddly shaped ears.Echoing most other reviews here, this is an excellent set of earphones that are well worth the money.  But buying them is a risk! If you don't wear these earphones correctly, they sound terrible, easily shown up by any pair of throwaway phones.  Those unsatisfied with the sound quality (especially those complaining of lack of bass) either haven't put them in correctly or have oddly shaped ears.Learning how to put them in properly takes time.  Be prepared to spend a few hours fiddling with them and trying the different included cushions.  Once you teach yourself how to put them in, it will only take a few seconds.  Some tips: Before inserting the earbuds, draw the phones up from behind your ear, holding the earbuds in the correct orientation (drivers pointing medially), so the wires fall naturally between your head and pinna and the earbuds are just outside your ear canals. With one hand, pull the superoposterior part of the pinna in a superoposterior direction while inserting the earphone with the other.  This straightens the ear canal and makes it easier to insert the earphone.  (Your doctor uses the same maneuver when he/she examines you with an otoscope.) You may also wish to twist the earphone during insertion so that it lodges itself better.  If the phones are properly inserted, they will have sealed your ear canals and you may want to relieve pressure via your Eustachian tubes (that is, swallow), just as on a climbing plane or skyscraper elevator.Learning how to put them in properly takes time.  Be prepared to spend a few hours fiddling with them and trying the different included cushions.  Once you teach yourself how to put them in, it will only take a few seconds.  Some tips: Before inserting the earbuds, draw the phones up from behind your ear, holding the earbuds in the correct orientation (drivers pointing medially), so the wires fall naturally between your head and pinna and the earbuds are just outside your ear canals. With one hand, pull the superoposterior part of the pinna in a superoposterior direction while inserting the earphone with the other.  This straightens the ear canal and makes it easier to insert the earphone.  (Your doctor uses the same maneuver when he/she examines you with an otoscope.) You may also wish to twist the earphone during insertion so that it lodges itself better.  If the phones are properly inserted, they will have sealed your ear canals and you may want to relieve pressure via your Eustachian tubes (that is, swallow), just as on a climbing plane or skyscraper elevator.It may seem like it takes a lot of work (and possibly learning a bit about anatomy) to get these earphones to work as intended.  It does, and success is not guaranteed.  But it's worth it! And to save your hearing, don't forget to turn down the volume, since your music will no longer have to compete with outside noise
 This was the largest set that would fit into my space. I also looked at the Westinghouse 37 inch HD moniter at Best Buy. The first time, I looked at the Westinghouse the picture looked a bit fuzzy. Then I read the review on CNET which said the Westinghouse picture was actually better than the Sharp. I went back to Best Buy and asked the sales person if the picture on the Westinghouse could be improved. He said it was as it good as it could be. He than said the Sharp was twice the price of the Westinghouse, so I should expect a better picture on the Sharp.In any event, I purchased the Sharp on Amazon during the recent Electronic Express Sale. On HD, the picture is amazing. It's also quite good on regular TV. My only regret is that Toshiba has just come out with a 37inch LCD with a DVD built in. If I  had known, I would have waited to check out that model
 We bought 3 of these and every one has dead pixels. It's not a ton, but one monitor has three that are red in the center of the screen, and other has a few that are bright green in the corner. Not a huge deal, but there are some in all 3
 This is my second purchase of these speakers.They provide great sound especially for the price.My kids use them with their computers and Ipods.I recommend them to everyone
 Really don't think you can get better sound for your dollar. Not only look cool, but sound great. Have only had for two months, but no issues.
 Before i bought this product, i was contemplating which brand name hard drive i should go with.  I was told Seagate was top of the line.  It truly is.  No problems at all, easy to setup and use, and a fair price.  I highly recommend Seagate over any other brand name (I've heard problems with other brands)
 This is a great little piece of hardware. This is a great little piece of hardware. I bought it for my MP3's and movies, and I'm very pleased. It's totally "plug-n-play"; there aren't even any drivers that need updating, assuming you have XP up to par. I bought it for my MP3's and movies, and I'm very pleased. It's totally "plug-n-play"; there aren't even any drivers that need updating, assuming you have XP up to par. It gives 160GB (well, 149 in actuality) of space to work with. After moving nearly 50 gigs over to it at once, on the first day, it froze up. After that minor incident, I've had no problems, though, and my machine runs alot faster because of it. With my 100G of music already on it, I'm very happy with it. It has given me no fuss--it doesn't even give me any noise! It's as silent as a fart, and that's a big plus.It gives 160GB (well, 149 in actuality) of space to work with. After moving nearly 50 gigs over to it at once, on the first day, it froze up. After that minor incident, I've had no problems, though, and my machine runs alot faster because of it. With my 100G of music already on it, I'm very happy with it. It has given me no fuss--it doesn't even give me any noise! It's as silent as a fart, and that's a big plus.I found mine at Wal-Mart for $114 and I think that I made a good purchase. If you're on a budget, this is about as good as it gets. Seagate's 300GB is also highly recommended, as I've worked with it before. A+
 This drive is whisper quiet, easy to install and use, and in my experience, plenty fast. I recently encoded my CD collection in flac format and am using this drive to store files. I also used foobar2000/LAME to convert the flac files to MP3, all on this drive. During the process of converting the files, which is pretty IO-intensive, I found the drive to be completely reliable and the speed to be more than adequate
 I purchased this radio to keep on my kitchen counter.  I chose Boston Acoustics over Tivoli because you can't preset the stations in the Tivoli and I like to flip through commercials. Other reviewers wrote that the bass can be overpowering.  I listen to rock music and do not notice the bass. My complaint is that this radio advertises itself as picking up weak stations very clearly.  It does not pick up stations much better then the other radios in my house.  Also if you are listening to the radio you can't see the time display.I purchased this radio to keep on my kitchen counter.  I chose Boston Acoustics over Tivoli because you can't preset the stations in the Tivoli and I like to flip through commercials. Other reviewers wrote that the bass can be overpowering.  I listen to rock music and do not notice the bass. My complaint is that this radio advertises itself as picking up weak stations very clearly.  It does not pick up stations much better then the other radios in my house.  Also if you are listening to the radio you can't see the time display.This radio is great if you have limited space.  It looks good and sounds like a much larger radio. It has a lot of power for a small radio.
 Excellent accessory, portable and you do not have to apply anything permanent to your vehicle....highly recommended
 Wow! Now I can transfer all I have in my PC to my cellphone. It's awesome... I need no cable to transfer stuff from my PC to my cellphone and from my cellphne to my PC. You can get this item in a very special price. Get it!!
 I own a set of older Martin Logan speakers. Their quality is legendary with a price to match. So I was interested in maximizing performance. When I called their office for advice, one of the tech guys (excellent service, by the way) told me the Monster banana plugs were great, not the best or most expensive available, but a good value. That was enough for me. My speakers are bi-wired so I purchased two sets of four plugs. Installation was a snap and the sound is wonderful. Add to that the free shipping, no tax and a total price saving of $12.00 and you can't do better than Amazon!
 This ain't cheap, but it's worth it. I've learned my lesson buying cheaper toner cartridges, but they don't even come close to the quality and longevity of the Brother brand. You get what you pay for..
 No problems with these, and great price at amazon
 This is an awesome little MP3 player.  I enjoy both the MP3 player and the FM radio.  It is very easy to use and syncs well with Windows Media Player.  It is perfect for going to the gym because it is so small.  It came with a great leather case that fits it well and prevents damage and scratches.  My only problem with the player is that I can't fit more than 66-69 songs although it says there is about 70MB of space left on the player
 I've been using this router for a few days. I just had to set it up - I haven't had any cause to touch it since, it's very reliable. Highly recommended
 Unit works about as expected, with possible exception of a few areas of the screen that are not too sensitive to the touches from the stylus.  So far I am working around that.  This is my 3rd Deluxe and the 1st one to give any operational problem of any sort.  Generally a good product
 Yeah, so apparently this was a really good PDA to buy. I BOUGHT THIS THREE YEARS AGO AND IT STILL WORKS! Ive been searching for a new PDA since I thought this one was so out of date, and when reading all the reviews I came across many new "state of the art" PDAs that broke after only a few months. This baby has been great to me for three long years, so if you are looking for a reliable buy, go for this. Definately NOT flashy, very basic. All I use it for is appointments, dates, and to-dos. GREAT FOR STUDENTS WHO WANT TO USE A PDA AS AN AGENDA! Yeah, so apparently this was a really good PDA to buy. I BOUGHT THIS THREE YEARS AGO AND IT STILL WORKS! Ive been searching for a new PDA since I thought this one was so out of date, and when reading all the reviews I came across many new "state of the art" PDAs that broke after only a few months. This baby has been great to me for three long years, so if you are looking for a reliable buy, go for this. Definately NOT flashy, very basic. All I use it for is appointments, dates, and to-dos. GREAT FOR STUDENTS WHO WANT TO USE A PDA AS AN AGENDA! Good luck on your PDA search!
 I am working with my new PDA the Live Drive and is great to have akk ny videos, music and to write my notes and documents before my shift or meeting, and also the wireless connection is so great. I like the option that you can use it as an external drive
 I am extremely happy with this purchase and will most likely purchase another one of these, soon
 Netgear clearly has not figured out how to make their RangeMax adapter work well with the Microsoft XP operating system.  If you're not a techie, I'd stay away until Microsoft has certified the WPN311. Here's what I experienced:Netgear clearly has not figured out how to make their RangeMax adapter work well with the Microsoft XP operating system.  If you're not a techie, I'd stay away until Microsoft has certified the WPN311. Here's what I experienced:1. Installed using the Netgear WPN311 automated configuration.2. After installation completion and boot up, CPU utilization was at a solid 100%.  Executable from Netgear named WLANCFG5.EXE taking up a bunch of the CPU and Microsoft routines CSRSS.EXE, NET.EXE, and NET1.EXE taking the rest.3. Emailed Netgear and received response to use Task Manager to delete WLANCFG5.EXE.  Did so for all users.4. Hey!  CPU utilization returned to normal!5. Sent next email to Netgear pointing out that this solution is just a "patch" and WLANCFG5 would return when I re-booted.6. Received response to de-install and re-install software for WPN311.7. Did so, but then Netgear adapter software could not find my MIMO wireless router!  And usage of the Netgear adapter software doesn't allow you to use the Microsoft Wireless Zero Configurator (WZC).8. Went to microsoft.com and looked up error 871122 "Error message when you try to run the Wireless Network Setup Wizard" and followed the instruction to allow usage of WZC.9. Then able to add my wireless router and everything is ok.9. Then able to add my wireless router and everything is ok.The functionality works great.  It's the getting there that's not too pretty good.....
 I lost my previous RadioShack surge strip and the various pieces of equipment attached to it in the Queens power failure and wanted something dependable. The price is great for its rating and all the stuff included, and it is kind of cool-looking too!  Recommend without reservation
 I'm using the Monster Cable MP Home Theater PowerCenter HTS800 to remove line noise in the electrical current to a high-end tube pre-amp.  The line noise is removed beautifully; however, the PowerCenter itself creates a high-pitched tone.  The tone comes out of the PowerCenter device directly.  If you are planning to use this product on a high-end sound system, I recommend placing it in a location that is acoustically isolated. 
 For the background, I've owned & used various IEM (In-Ear-Monitor) headphones over the years: Ety ER4p, Altec Lansing iM716, Shure E2c, Sony EX71, Koss KSC75.  Here's my quick impression after using these headphones for a week:For the background, I've owned & used various IEM (In-Ear-Monitor) headphones over the years: Ety ER4p, Altec Lansing iM716, Shure E2c, Sony EX71, Koss KSC75.  Here's my quick impression after using these headphones for a week:Pros:1. Very good bass & well balance (not as bloated as the Sony EX71, the ER4p has tight but the least bass-feel/effect.)  Mid-range is good. Treble is just a little bit harsh right out of the box (but can be tamed with EQ.)2. Easy to drive (with the iM716 phones, I'd need to crank up the vol.)3. Very light weight4. Comfortable tips (3 sizes included)5. Decent isolation from outside noise (the ER4p &iM716 have better isolation)6. Moderately priced ($50)6. Moderately priced ($50)Cons:1. Cables are thin so handle with care.2. Some people may not like the "phonendoscope effect" (cables frictions.)  This is very common with IEM headphones, some are more than others.3. No pouch or case3. No pouch or casePS: For bass-heads, you will like these IEMs - from an owner of Beyer DT770-80's experience :
 All in-ear headphones will make some noise when the wires brush up against something.  Sound travels along wires... it's physics, there's nothing you can do about that.  Now, these earphones are incredibly light-weight and the wires are thin so that actually reduces the noise traveling through the wires.  All in-ear headphones will make some noise when the wires brush up against something.  Sound travels along wires... it's physics, there's nothing you can do about that.  Now, these earphones are incredibly light-weight and the wires are thin so that actually reduces the noise traveling through the wires.  These headphones are called "asymmetric," meaning that the right earbud is on a longer wire than the left.  You wear this by putting the wire on the right earbud BEHIND your neck.  This leaves the area in front of you clear of wires that could get tangled up in your hands.  This also makes it easy to each lunch while listening to music so your food doesn't spill on the wire.These headphones are called "asymmetric," meaning that the right earbud is on a longer wire than the left.  You wear this by putting the wire on the right earbud BEHIND your neck.  This leaves the area in front of you clear of wires that could get tangled up in your hands.  This also makes it easy to each lunch while listening to music so your food doesn't spill on the wire.I paid about 60 bucks and for that price, I love these headphones.  Face it, these are low to mid-range in terms of price, but perform more like mid-range to high range if you ask me.  The cable is thin and flexible yet seems pretty resistant to damage.  The buds are comfy and I like the asymmetric design.  People need to realize that there are premium headphones for $500 or more.  I think people need to keep perspective and not have TOO high expectations from only a $60 pair
 This is the 4th spindle I've ordered and I haven't had a problem with any of my DVDs. 
 This little charger works great. It is the second one of it's kind that I have purchased. The last one took a lot of abuse and therefore I needed to replace it. Would buy it again. Charges quickly and is quite handy
 The Fang is amazing!!!!! I just got it,theres nothing like it. The keyz are in the perfect spot to kill all your fellow gamers. all you need is the fang and a mouse and your good to go. you have to get this if you want to stand a chance in FPS games.
 I love the new nanos. I don't think I have anything bad to say about it besides it not having a radio. It is small and very thin. You barely feel it in your pocket, which might annoy some people but not me. I'd rather get this than any Zen products or Sandisk Sansas because it looks way better and it way thinner. The screen is really bright with the full color display. The new earbuds are A LOT more comfortable than the old ones. The new ones aren't as bulky and actually fit in my small ears with out them slipping out. I don't know why people hate the sound of the earbuds but they are certainly loud and good enough for me! The new color coating is scratch resistant, but not the click wheel and the Apple symbol. But you don't notice the scratches on the white parts. The longer battery life is twice as long as the first generation nano, 24 hours! The new 4 GB color nanos are the same price as the 2 GB of the 2nd gen nanos. I'm so happy I waited after the 1st gen nanos came out. I would never get the 1st gen nanos now since they scratch easily, have a dark screen, and have a short battery life. The new nanos are great deals and great gifts. I recommend this mp3 player to anyone that wants a good, reliable, scratch resistant, cool looking music player! 5/5 star
 I am satisfied. Works great with my Phone Nokia E6
 I have to say, when I first purchased this little goodie, I just assumed I was buying more memory for my Motorola Q.  I had no idea just how useful and reliable this would be.  It has proven to be not only invaluable, but a very good investment, based on price and usage.  Buy one, no TWO.  These things are great
 I'm a big fan of trackballs and this one is my favorite on the market right now.  Just love it
 I thought I'd weigh in, as the reviews suggesting noncompliance with Apple products seemed ominous.  I bought a Passport, and the USB outlet on my Macbook powers it perfectly well.  I don't need an external power supply.I thought I'd weigh in, as the reviews suggesting noncompliance with Apple products seemed ominous.  I bought a Passport, and the USB outlet on my Macbook powers it perfectly well.  I don't need an external power supply.Btw, I get a transfer rate of about 2 Mb/s, or 1 Gb/5 minutes.  This seems a little slow, but it doesn't bother me much.  The Passport is small, has a nice rubber coating to prevent shock, and overall is worth the purchase price
 These Verbatim discs have the DataLife Plus layer of protection that will allow them to last 100+ years. I'm a professional photographer and it's crucial to store my client's digital photos and artwork onto a disc that will remain stable in years to come. I've tried many brands and types of discs and have lost data (read errors) many times but so far with the hundreds of Verbatim discs I've burned so far, I haven't had a problem yet. The Kodak brand discs were also excellent, but Kodak discontinued making them. SONY also makes a good disc. These discs can be printed on directly with an ink jet printer such as the Epson R200/R300/R320, and the surface area is printable right up to the hub! I have no reason to switch to any other brand as long as Verbatim continues to make a great disc
 These Verbatims are terrific.  As you may know, working with DVD-R media is almost a gamble...cheap media will save you a few pennies but either give you coasters or media that plays on few players.  Sticking to name brands helps, but even then, some brands rely on outside sources for their media and while one lot/batch may be good, the next batch from the same brand may be from somewhere else.  Usually, you're safe with media made in Japan.  These Verbatim's are made in Taiwan but, they are great..I've bought one every couple months and I'm on my 3rd spindle now.These Verbatims are terrific.  As you may know, working with DVD-R media is almost a gamble...cheap media will save you a few pennies but either give you coasters or media that plays on few players.  Sticking to name brands helps, but even then, some brands rely on outside sources for their media and while one lot/batch may be good, the next batch from the same brand may be from somewhere else.  Usually, you're safe with media made in Japan.  These Verbatim's are made in Taiwan but, they are great..I've bought one every couple months and I'm on my 3rd spindle now.They have a wonderful printing surface that as mentioned, dries nearly instantly in Epson printers (I use an R200).  Hub printable so you can print all the way to the edge which gives your discs a terrific look when printing nice disc art or photos.  Not one coaster so far, burned with Apple Powerbook 2X Superdrive as well as a Lacie D2 Firewire writer. Though the media is 8X, it works in my Panasonic DVD Recorder (DMR-E55) which recommends up to 4X media perfectly).  So far, I have not encountered one person who has not been able to play the discs (Samsung, Sanyo, Panasonic, Sony, Apex, Toshiba DVD Players, PS2, XBox, no problems) .  Over 134 discs so far, and they look great, play great, and are a great price for hub printable discs.   Highly recommended...I'm ordering more!
 Notebooks Pro is the highest rated webcam (for notebooks) on the market and for good reason.  Audio and Video quality is excellent.  You can talk normal and be 2 or 3 feet away with no problem.  The echo cancellation feature is a true must for webcams, especially with the use of video.  On the negative side the USB cable is too short which limits interchangeability with your desktop.  Also, I have the Quickcam Fusion for my desktop which is a 5 star rated product and without doubt the best of the best webcams overall.  Logitech ships that product with Quickcam 10 software which is probably a nice update to Quickcam 9 the Notebook Pro uses.  Unfortunately, Logitech provides little detail and info on these technical and software issues.  B
 I had the previous version also. It is so far the best webcam I ever owned. Don't even bother to compare it with cheap creative ones. The frame rate and picture quality is awesome. Works in very low light conditions and has great software which can even make gieco or alien out of you. I had the previous version also. It is so far the best webcam I ever owned. Don't even bother to compare it with cheap creative ones. The frame rate and picture quality is awesome. Works in very low light conditions and has great software which can even make gieco or alien out of you. They keep on working for years. My old one "Quickcam for notebooks Pro" still a champion after use of 3 years now. I got bored and gave it to my uncle. And boy he loves it too. Newer one as mentioned by other reviewers holds much better.They keep on working for years. My old one "Quickcam for notebooks Pro" still a champion after use of 3 years now. I got bored and gave it to my uncle. And boy he loves it too. Newer one as mentioned by other reviewers holds much better.Do I sound Like a logitech sales person? Well I must admit that I am very happy with their webcams. Amazon offers get price and you should get it.Do I sound Like a logitech sales person? Well I must admit that I am very happy with their webcams. Amazon offers get price and you should get it.One more thing. It's features outweighs its small size :). My Parents back in other part of world can see even tiny things in my room which they shouldn't :).One more thing. It's features outweighs its small size :). My Parents back in other part of world can see even tiny things in my room which they shouldn't :).One more thing. It's features outweighs its small size :). My Parents back in other part of world can see even tiny things in my room which they shouldn't :).
 I got this mouse because I have developed carpel tunnel pain in my shoulder from years and years of mouse activity. I'm happy to say it is nearly gone (the pain) - I ordered one for my office and will now get one for home.  It does take a bit of getting used to (after years of movable mouse action) - but it can be done.I got this mouse because I have developed carpel tunnel pain in my shoulder from years and years of mouse activity. I'm happy to say it is nearly gone (the pain) - I ordered one for my office and will now get one for home.  It does take a bit of getting used to (after years of movable mouse action) - but it can be done.Good luck
 Unlike many other cables that splice A/V output, this cable does so while retaining the details of that output.  I.e., both Left and Right channels are extracted and outputted, not simply the Left channel with audio mixed down to mono.  Also, it works on some computers, too!Unlike many other cables that splice A/V output, this cable does so while retaining the details of that output.  I.e., both Left and Right channels are extracted and outputted, not simply the Left channel with audio mixed down to mono.  Also, it works on some computers, too!On the minus side, I haven't gotten it to work on the television.  In order to do so, you also have to buy the adapter for the Creative Zen player.On the minus side, I haven't gotten it to work on the television.  In order to do so, you also have to buy the adapter for the Creative Zen player.I bought this so my Creative Sleek Photo would be compatible with an X-Rocker chair with built in speakers, and found that CD players and many other audio units became compatible, too.  For that, it was worth the cost
 I am running the RadioShark on a G4 PowerBook w/ Mac OS X 10.4.  I am very happy with the programmed recording - saves to a variety of formats, etc. Very handy! The unit did all that it promised, but it could have had much better software. A Dashboard Widget is also included that controls basic operation, but not recording or EQ.I am running the RadioShark on a G4 PowerBook w/ Mac OS X 10.4.  I am very happy with the programmed recording - saves to a variety of formats, etc. Very handy! The unit did all that it promised, but it could have had much better software. A Dashboard Widget is also included that controls basic operation, but not recording or EQ.Needed additions:1. Station presets are selected from a drop down menu??!? One has to go to the RS menu bar (top of screen) to find the favorite Stations - kind of klunky. Better to have "radio buttons" associated with the App window. To be fair, the Widget does have better station selection, but the button is labeled with a 'heart'...2. No station "scan" function. One has to dink through the entire spectrum manually - wow - hard to understand this lack of functionality.3. Some additional audio filter/edit functions could be included. There is a multi-band EQ that works well, mostly (see comment below). At minimum there should be a hiss filter and a hum filter with variable levels of effect. Also, one should be able to edit out unessential material from an audio file. Though, for Mac OS X there is a nice freeware app that can do this:  AUDACITY.3. Some additional audio filter/edit functions could be included. There is a multi-band EQ that works well, mostly (see comment below). At minimum there should be a hiss filter and a hum filter with variable levels of effect. Also, one should be able to edit out unessential material from an audio file. Though, for Mac OS X there is a nice freeware app that can do this:  AUDACITY.Oddities1. When first installed, the output had static in it which was worse with the EQ on. Griffin Tech Support was not very helpful - as with most tech support offerings, they failed to grasp the actual problem and replied with unhelpful suggestions. Re-installed software and it began working well.2. Initially did not seem to work well thru an external (powered) hub; now has no problems. Though, unit does work okay with a USB extension cable
 This is a total bargain. Not only was the price right, it works perfectly in the car, at home converting every radio to a stereo system for my iPod Nano. When they're put together it looks like one unit and if, by chance, you use a Motorola Rzr phone the charger works with he iTrip and recharges the Nano, eliminating the need for any other charger devices
 The over-the-air picture is crisp, colors are bright and the size is just right. Pretty good viewing angle as well
 I totally recommend this mouse. I purchased the 1st mouse a few months about and just now bought another one for my other laptop.  I like it that you have an assortment of colors you can chose from also. The battery life is pretty good also
 I use this with an iMac. It does not come with drivers for Mac OS X, nor does D-Link offer any help. They refuse to admit it will work with Macs. I was pointed toward a driver made available at [...]. I remember having trouble getting it to work, but once it was working it has worked well and consistently. The iMac connects to an AEBS a couple rooms away through the D-Link
 I have been going nuts trying to find a decent set of headphones for my new iPod.  All I wanted was decent sound for a decent price, but after trying various models of ear-buds and standard phones and returning them all I figured I was going to have to shell out some big bucks after all.  But, then I decided to pull the trigger on some cans made by a great old company from my youth that used to be THE only choice for headphones- KOSS of course!  And man- they still have it.  These aren't the greatest phones I've ever heard, but for $20 (and it seems you can now get them for half that!) they easily compare to some well-known sets costing 3 times as much or more.  Finally, no awful hi-mid peaks that threaten to end my career as an audio engineer *cough cough Sony cough*.  They are fairly comfortable- I think I would rather have the traditional over-the-head band but you get used to these pretty quick.  These sound nice, full- the bass doesn't thump like a lot of people like but to my ears it's smooth.  And most important, you can listen for hours without ear fatigue.  Without a doubt, these are the best budget phones I've ever owned!  My bottom line- anyone who doesn't grab these for $10 bucks a pop is insane.  Period *g
 I've tried several different brands of headsets and this one wins. It reduces noise, has excellent sound and is comfortable for hours at a time. My office is between the shop, where we make rocket engines, and the flight line on the airport, where airplanes are tested. Sometimes jet aircraft sit outside my window and perform engine run-ups, or idle the APU for hours. This headset reduces the white noise while still allowing me to hear the phone ring even when a local F-4 Phantom II tests the afterburner.
 Good price. Good company. I use this on my Kodak CX7300 and it's fine. Good product to buy
 Works as advertised, have not had a single problem with it since installing it in my Tungsten T
 Bought this a few months ago for my 3yr old son.  He loves it.  We have used it in the car as well as when he goes to meetings with me.  Never had a single problem with it
 We bought this product for a long car trip and the kids loved it. I've also used it and thought the sound and picture were wonderful. It was exactly what we were looking for and for a fantastic price! We are very happy
 I've bought several of these cables and have been very happy with my purchase.  I've used them for hooking up my Gaming Systems, TV, Cable Box, and Receiver/DVD Player.  (Note: I had to buy a small 3 in 1 Fiber Optic Switch Box to handle all these cables -my Receiver and TV only had one digital audio connection each.)I've bought several of these cables and have been very happy with my purchase.  I've used them for hooking up my Gaming Systems, TV, Cable Box, and Receiver/DVD Player.  (Note: I had to buy a small 3 in 1 Fiber Optic Switch Box to handle all these cables -my Receiver and TV only had one digital audio connection each.)I believe that these cables are the best name brand VALUES currently around for Fiber Optic Audio.I believe that these cables are the best name brand VALUES currently around for Fiber Optic Audio.What do you REALLY get for a "high end" fiber optic cable that is triple the cost of this cable? I don't know.  I purchased one (which was "top of the line") and obscenely expensive, and of course it sounds great, but these cables sound great too.  Plus, these cables ARE Monster cables, AND they are THX certified!What do you REALLY get for a "high end" fiber optic cable that is triple the cost of this cable? I don't know.  I purchased one (which was "top of the line") and obscenely expensive, and of course it sounds great, but these cables sound great too.  Plus, these cables ARE Monster cables, AND they are THX certified!What does THX certification mean? Below is a blurb taken directly from the THX website describing it:---"THX is on the forefront of entertainment technology, offering products and services of unparalleled quality for post-production, distribution and playback of audio and visual content. THX Certification is considered a mark of excellence in the presentation technology industry, offering consumers a promise that the cinemas they visit and the products they purchase have been evaluated and tested to meet the highest standards for picture and sound performance.""THX is on the forefront of entertainment technology, offering products and services of unparalleled quality for post-production, distribution and playback of audio and visual content. THX Certification is considered a mark of excellence in the presentation technology industry, offering consumers a promise that the cinemas they visit and the products they purchase have been evaluated and tested to meet the highest standards for picture and sound performance."---A digital signal is a digital signal.  This is fiber optic cable -it uses light to transmit the digital data -it doesn't degrade like analog based on the quality of the cable.  So these cables are NOT likely to give you a worse audio signal than more expensive cables, they just are going be a little less durable, and probably use slightly less high quality materials.  Are they fragile? Not at all, but the top of the line cable that I purchased was so thick that I probably could have stepped on it on cement and it would have been fine. This THX cable is thinner and I could imagine it breaking more easily.  If you work somewhere (like a studio) where there is a good chance of rolling things over the cables from time to time on a hard floor then you might have a good reason for a more durable cable.  (Same goes for cables that are going to be manhandled regularly -i.e. a lot of plugging/unplugging and bending of the ends).A digital signal is a digital signal.  This is fiber optic cable -it uses light to transmit the digital data -it doesn't degrade like analog based on the quality of the cable.  So these cables are NOT likely to give you a worse audio signal than more expensive cables, they just are going be a little less durable, and probably use slightly less high quality materials.  Are they fragile? Not at all, but the top of the line cable that I purchased was so thick that I probably could have stepped on it on cement and it would have been fine. This THX cable is thinner and I could imagine it breaking more easily.  If you work somewhere (like a studio) where there is a good chance of rolling things over the cables from time to time on a hard floor then you might have a good reason for a more durable cable.  (Same goes for cables that are going to be manhandled regularly -i.e. a lot of plugging/unplugging and bending of the ends).Overall, I'm very happy with these cables and can I afford to buy a bunch for all the fiber optic audio connections I am now using (i.e. Receiver, TV, Cable Box, Xbox/Playstation/Gamecube)Overall, I'm very happy with these cables and can I afford to buy a bunch for all the fiber optic audio connections I am now using (i.e. Receiver, TV, Cable Box, Xbox/Playstation/Gamecube)(P.S. for first time users, don't forget to pull off the tiny plastic coverings on each end of the fiber optic cables.  These are there to protect the cable during transit/storage and will prevent the light from passing unless removed.  Throw these tips away; you'll never need them again.
 I have had this phone now about 3 months and I am VERY HAPPY with it. IT has all the things and want and many more, The hand sets are very clear and I love the fact I can check voice mail on any hand set that goes with it I do not have to run to the main answering machine to check the voice mail. The range of the hand sets is great had no problem at all with this.  So far I love everything with this phone, It is much better than either of the last two phone I have had. I have walked over a 1/2 block from the house and it still works clearly, I have never had a phone that worked so far away from home
 I purchased the Notebook Cooler approximately one month ago, after reading online testimonials of laptops becoming damaged from overheating. Thankfully, the same time I read that, Circuit City was having a sale on this item for only $15, after mail-in rebate. Fast forward one month and my opinion of the Cooler so far: not bad... I purchased the Notebook Cooler approximately one month ago, after reading online testimonials of laptops becoming damaged from overheating. Thankfully, the same time I read that, Circuit City was having a sale on this item for only $15, after mail-in rebate. Fast forward one month and my opinion of the Cooler so far: not bad... My laptop is noticeably cooler to the touch now, and the internal fan rarely comes on. The Notebook Cooler itself is smartly designed, with an aluminum topping and two fans that draw away heat. I'll admit, the USB connector cable is a bit flimsy, and I can see why some folks have complained. For those users who travel frequently (or anyone who foresees plugging and unplugging the cable often), you may want to exercise extra caution. The blue LED light that some reviewer claims is too "strong" is a minor quibble--if you really wanted to, you could always tape over the light and problem solved. As for the fan noise, I would say the low setting is comparable to "white noise," which you don't really notice until you purposely try to listen for it! The high setting, on the other hand, is a bit loud, and I can see people having to turn up the volume on their speakers or TV to compensate. Usually, though, I only use the high setting when it's really hot in the room, or if I'm running intensive programs like Photoshop or some video game. My laptop is noticeably cooler to the touch now, and the internal fan rarely comes on. The Notebook Cooler itself is smartly designed, with an aluminum topping and two fans that draw away heat. I'll admit, the USB connector cable is a bit flimsy, and I can see why some folks have complained. For those users who travel frequently (or anyone who foresees plugging and unplugging the cable often), you may want to exercise extra caution. The blue LED light that some reviewer claims is too "strong" is a minor quibble--if you really wanted to, you could always tape over the light and problem solved. As for the fan noise, I would say the low setting is comparable to "white noise," which you don't really notice until you purposely try to listen for it! The high setting, on the other hand, is a bit loud, and I can see people having to turn up the volume on their speakers or TV to compensate. Usually, though, I only use the high setting when it's really hot in the room, or if I'm running intensive programs like Photoshop or some video game. Overall, I'd say I'm very satisfied with this product. (Though, I am somewhat disappointed that Antec needs 3 months to process my $15 rebate check.) 
 The Logitech MX 400 mouse in my opinion was a good buy.  It is very reliable, accurate, scrolls smooth, and is precise and responsive on every surface I have used it on.  It is also light weight and comfortable, making it the purfect mouse for the price
 I bought two pairs of these when I saw them in a store on sale for under $15 each.  They've both gotten extensive use over the past couple years.  The cushioning on the outside is cloth inside a black material that I suppose imitates leather in looks and feel.  This outer material on the cushions has worn off in flakes on both pairs, which makes it look raggedy, but the comfort and sound quality isn't affected by it so I don't consider it a big deal.   The headband adjust on one side of one pair seems to have had something break inside it which lets that earmuff go farther down than it "should," but likewise, it's something to be expected with this much use and hasn't affected comfort.I bought two pairs of these when I saw them in a store on sale for under $15 each.  They've both gotten extensive use over the past couple years.  The cushioning on the outside is cloth inside a black material that I suppose imitates leather in looks and feel.  This outer material on the cushions has worn off in flakes on both pairs, which makes it look raggedy, but the comfort and sound quality isn't affected by it so I don't consider it a big deal.   The headband adjust on one side of one pair seems to have had something break inside it which lets that earmuff go farther down than it "should," but likewise, it's something to be expected with this much use and hasn't affected comfort.The cable is also thicker than most headphone cables I'm used to, which is good news for people who find themselves constantly rolling over cables with their chairs and such.The cable is also thicker than most headphone cables I'm used to, which is good news for people who find themselves constantly rolling over cables with their chairs and such.I've compared the sound quality to the Koss QZ-50's (which I own) and a library's Koss UR-10's or 15's (can't remember which).  Though the QZ-50's do sound better when they have their active noise cancelling feature turned on, the UR-20's are the most comfortable of the three, have the richest bass, are the most durable, and won't eat up your AAA batteries like the QZ-50's
 I recently bought these speakers because I wanted to play my iPod in the office. The sound is better then expected.  While I would get a better speaker system for my home, for the office or on the go, these will do very nicely
 Myself and my grandchildren love to hold these adorable pets, their fun. lifelike and surprisingly sturdy. Get one!
 What a relief to find this mouse after having bought a Microsoft 6000 lazer mouse which caused my tendonitis to flare up again really bad.  I had originally gotten really bad tendonitis from another Microsoft "ergonomic" mouse a year ago, which became chronic, but barely noticeable until I tried the 6000.What a relief to find this mouse after having bought a Microsoft 6000 lazer mouse which caused my tendonitis to flare up again really bad.  I had originally gotten really bad tendonitis from another Microsoft "ergonomic" mouse a year ago, which became chronic, but barely noticeable until I tried the 6000.I also tried a Logitech V200, which is a good mouse, just not nearly as comfortable as the 450.  The buttons on both of these Logitech mice press down really nicely and are effortless.  This was not so on the MS 6000.I also tried a Logitech V200, which is a good mouse, just not nearly as comfortable as the 450.  The buttons on both of these Logitech mice press down really nicely and are effortless.  This was not so on the MS 6000.If you are looking for the ultimate in a mouse for a notebook, the Logitech V450 is it.  My hands are fairly large, and for the $15 more than the v200, it is definitely worth it as I spend a lot of time on computers
 This laser version tracks much better on odd surfaces compared to the Logitech V200 I have.This laser version tracks much better on odd surfaces compared to the Logitech V200 I have.The Setpoint software allows you to use Setpoint's mouse sensativity independent of the touchpad settings.  Finally!!!  I dont have to change mouse sensativities when I unplug it.  The Setpoint sensativity is an offset to window's sensativity setting for the touchpad.  So basically, set your touchpad sensativity first, then adjust the Setpoint sensativity.  They will be work just the way you want everytime you unplug/plug the mouse and going back and forth between touchpad and mouse.The Setpoint software allows you to use Setpoint's mouse sensativity independent of the touchpad settings.  Finally!!!  I dont have to change mouse sensativities when I unplug it.  The Setpoint sensativity is an offset to window's sensativity setting for the touchpad.  So basically, set your touchpad sensativity first, then adjust the Setpoint sensativity.  They will be work just the way you want everytime you unplug/plug the mouse and going back and forth between touchpad and mouse.Perfect product
 JBL speaker system for IPOD is an outstanding product, I would highly recommend it
 This is a product too unique for me not too try.  I've struggling with lost receipts and always in a panic mode when tax day comes.  There's just no other easy way I've found to keep track of all my receipts.  This is a product too unique for me not too try.  I've struggling with lost receipts and always in a panic mode when tax day comes.  There's just no other easy way I've found to keep track of all my receipts.  Even with some of the negativity about the accuracy on the receipt recognition, I still wanted to try this out for myself.Even with some of the negativity about the accuracy on the receipt recognition, I still wanted to try this out for myself.I noticed the following will increase the accuracy of the receipt scanning:I noticed the following will increase the accuracy of the receipt scanning:1) Scan your receipt ASAP once you have it.  Receipts are pretty cheap in quality and will fade over time.  Also for that matter, you risk the chance of loosing the receipt the longer you don't scan it in.  =)1) Scan your receipt ASAP once you have it.  Receipts are pretty cheap in quality and will fade over time.  Also for that matter, you risk the chance of loosing the receipt the longer you don't scan it in.  =)2) Ink quality on the receipt matters.It does the best job when the dots of the letters/number are together and dark.It does the best job when the dots of the letters/number are together and dark.3)wording on the receipt.e.g. the receipt can say visa/mc then scanner will pick it as visa.e.g. the receipt can say visa/mc then scanner will pick it as visa.Business card scans have been excellent for me.  Be sure to upgrade your sw to the lastest version.  Mine is 2.55 at the time of writing
 I have used this and the optical cable.  For $20 less, it sounds just as good.  Monster cable is a great price point investment for anyone who wants to get the most out of their home theater system
 Excellent antenna.  Why pay so much more for other indoor antennas such as Terk or Samsung. I tried both of those but ended up with the Zenith at a fraction of the price and with much better reception
 I live in Manhattan on the 7th floor of an apartment building surrounded by taller buildings on all sides and this antenna provides great reception. I use it hooked up to an HP 3200 lcd tv with built-in tuner. It took me less than five minutes from package being opened to finding the best place for the antenna to sit for reception. The cable is a few feet long and the antenna itself light. I have it resting atop my center channel speaker. $20 is a great price to watch the hd content the major networks provide- especially for football
 This is very comfortable and works very well.  It's heavy enough that it doesn't move around or push the keyboard, as some of the other types of wrist rests that I've used have done.  Yet it's cushiony while sturdy enough to provide support. 
 I type medical reports for a living, up to 10 hours a day and 7 days a week. Without the wrist rest, my wrists would not be able to hold up. The wrist rest is the perfect size. It stays in place on the desk. The gel continues to be supportive, even after a year of working on it. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because of the back of the wrist rest that lays on the desk has a horrible smell. I can't smell it while typing, only when I pick it up for cleaning. I wish there was the option for half stars - I'd give this 4-1/2 stars
 Works well....Customer support from Garmin....more than excellent...One complaint..Very short battery life...Requires a 12 volt charging adapter...Windshield suction cup charge adapter is a must to use as a G.P.S....Also...Get a minimum 512 MB SD card for combo marine and street navigation....One plus is the brightness,unit size,and screen size....Do not keep it in your breast pocket while on the boat...Dont float..not waterproof..nuff said
 This product took less than 5 minutes to unbox, install, and work properly. Well built, and functions exactly as I would have hoped. I am impressed with the ability of the suction cup to stay attached, even in the summer heat of Las Vegas
 This is a very simple product that works as advertised. Easy to set up within MacOS X. I use the AirTunes functionality which is very cool. I don't use the USB printing. While more expensive than other 802.11g routers/access points, the simplicity + AirTunes functionality make it worth the extra money
 This Uniden phone/answering system has been trouble free since we bought it three months ago.  Here's a list of the other things about this phone that I like most:1.  The corded handset base unit can be used to make and receive calls even when the electricity is off.  This, along with price, was the main reason I bought this phone system.  This feature is unusual for a cordless phone system.2.  The controls on the answering machine are simple and intuitive enough so that you don't have to refer to the manual when you need to set the clock or change the outgoing recording.3.  Also, the answering machine has operated flawlessly so far.4.  The battery life of the cordless handset has been excellent between charges.  At least a week, sometimes more.5.  Voice quality of the cordless handset and the corded base handset are very good.5.  Voice quality of the cordless handset and the corded base handset are very good.However, there is something about this phone system that I don't like.--The cordless handset has a pretty limited range.  I had to locate the base unit in a central location in my 2,300 square foot house to get the handset to work in all rooms.--The cordless handset has a pretty limited range.  I had to locate the base unit in a central location in my 2,300 square foot house to get the handset to work in all rooms.But overall I think the phone is a good buy, if you can live with the distance restrictions of the cordless handset
 Very effective inside a plane comparing to the other noise cancelling headphone I have. Sound is ok for what it does. However, in a moving vehicle, it actually distorts the music which is a surprise. My other noise-cancelling headphone does not do that. It appears to have a relative long lag time in creating the opposite noise-cancelling wave. By the time the opposite wave applies to the music, the intruding noise is over. Otherwise, no complains
 I was debating over the PictureMate, Kodak Printer Dock 3, Sony DDP-FP50, and the HP Photosmart 475. I made the choice of the HP and I LOVE IT! The prints are 4800x1200dpi and look like real lab prints. I use the HP 4x6 boarderless Premium Plus photo paper with the HP Ink and the prints are just wonderful. Forget the other bad reviews because this printer beats them all. (...) The HP produces bright, vivid pictures designed to last a lifetime. The PictureMate is also alot larger than the HP 475. The 1.5GB hard drive is a plus as well. HP said that the remote is not included but they lied, they come with the remote and battery. Overall, this printer is the best I have own
 These DVDs are absolutely top quality, and you really need to use bad DVDs to know how bad they can get.  I ordered a pack a while ago and have burnt 7 discs so far.  Not a single coaster, and Nero data verification (I always do that for DVDs) has not brought up any errors ever.  BTW, the discs had a mixture of both large and very small files.  The burner is the DVD multi drive on my Dell Inspiron Laptop (1505).These DVDs are absolutely top quality, and you really need to use bad DVDs to know how bad they can get.  I ordered a pack a while ago and have burnt 7 discs so far.  Not a single coaster, and Nero data verification (I always do that for DVDs) has not brought up any errors ever.  BTW, the discs had a mixture of both large and very small files.  The burner is the DVD multi drive on my Dell Inspiron Laptop (1505).However, I should mention (to those who haven't bought this product) why they are called Shiny Silver.  You know that print on the top of DVDs with lines and that matte finish?  Well, there's no such thing on these DVDs.  The top looks a lot like the writing surface on the other side (other than the characteristic DVD color).  Anyone who has seen unbranded DVDs will know exactly what I'm talking about- No special surface; however  a felt tip marker works nicely to label the disks.  Huge cost cutting here I guess, but definitely not in the quality department.  I will buy again
 I burn a ton of DVDs and have used almost every brand out there.  Many have errors, even the top brand names like Memorex...etc.I burn a ton of DVDs and have used almost every brand out there.  Many have errors, even the top brand names like Memorex...etc.I have found the least amount of errors with this brand and the shelf life seems to be lasting.  I have found the least amount of errors with this brand and the shelf life seems to be lasting.  I've switched all DVD media purchases to Verbatim.  They are by far, the best of them all.  Would recommend to everyone
 First off, these puppies sound good! However, there are things anyone intending to buy these earphones should know:First off, these puppies sound good! However, there are things anyone intending to buy these earphones should know:The sound is loud and crisp but definetely mid-trebley, as with most in-ear headphones. The low end is there, but for full effect, it takes to position the earphones just so in your ear canal at the right volume. Since they tend to slide out of the ear canal as one moves, this sweet spot is not very wide. That said, however, I recognize the difficlulty of delivering earth shaking bass in a device this small. Most bass-rich systems utilize either massive speakers/ woofers or chambered enclosures (or both) to deliver. Since the size of this type of headphones doesn't permit for either big speakers or special chambers, maybe the thing to do is to use the human cranium as the resonating chamber! I am yet to find any in ear headphones that really deliver bass to die for. Such is the difficulty to get big bass in so compact a package. Maybe the 5 and 7 series are better in this regard (for the price they better be).  So if you really need earth shaking bass in your playback, look into buying those pricey phones.  The lack of such bass is the only reason i didn't give it five stars.i didn't give it five stars.Also, the lack of colored LEFT (blue or white) & RIGHT (red) tags on the earphones make it tricky to put on for the first time. I didn't realize I had them reversed until the pain got so unbearable I just had to check.  So be careful.Also, the lack of colored LEFT (blue or white) & RIGHT (red) tags on the earphones make it tricky to put on for the first time. I didn't realize I had them reversed until the pain got so unbearable I just had to check.  So be careful.Riding while using them can be dangerous, since the sound isolation is so great one can barely hear jets thundering overhead. Riding while using them can be dangerous, since the sound isolation is so great one can barely hear jets thundering overhead. Bang for the buck, ( I paid $69.99 on amazon), I really recommend these headphones to all but big bass aficionados.
 I purchase two of these phones to add to our base unit. Very easy set up. Quality product
 I had slight confusion whether to choose the sony 64 MB memory stick, which is nearly the same price or this one, which has twice the memory capacity of the previous one. I choose this one for the better deal and to add to my surprise J&amp;R Electronics shipped it so quickly(You guys Rock!!!). This one comes par with sony memory media in every field. So why choose the one with lesser memory capacity. Choose this one and feed your camera with some memory space
 Delivered on time, no problems setting it up (just followed the instructions to format it because I didn't want the default format it comes with, which is less safe). It's been running fine ever since I bought it. I can't comment on the speed of access because, since I leave it backing up over night, I don't really care. It's all done in the morning anyway, so I don't really need anything faster
 I like this unit. It is hooked up to an S-Video in from my Digital Cable Box, and uses a component video out to a Mitsubishi HDTV. Picture quality is very good; I'm very used to my high-quality Sony DVD player DVP-NS700P, but this one is very close. There is just a touch of graininess to the picture from the Cable box, but then I've not compared with other units. I think its more than acceptable. A DVD I burned played fine on the Sony..but...when I recorded one program, deleted it, and then recorded again, it would only play on an older Sony DVD player. My Sony DVD player is kind of touchy, anyhow. All told, I'd recommend this DVD recorder without hesitation
 I don't normally write reviews on products but in this case I feel I must share the value and features of this product.  You can't go wrong in selecting this player/recorder for your DVD needs.  The quick start guide is just that "quick" and well planned.  The people at Samsung know how to write manuals and this manual is the best I have seen well documented with pictures (in full color) and just that step-by-step for the novice.  The setup diagram is excellent.  The features are numerous you can throw any discs you have left over from other recording machines and through it in takes three seconds to intialize (any disc) and away you go.  One touch record starts immediately.  The quality is superb especially in High Definition. I couldn't wait to get it after reading the reviews from the last Electronics Trade Show so I was able to get it from back East about three weeks ago. Finalizing discs is a snap and easy I have had difficulty formatting on other machines but the Samsung is so easy the on-screen menu is good and the remote is easy to navigate even with my big fingers! It will play mp3s, CDs, computer made DivX movies, Region 1 DVDs, Picture discs from your computer and you can make your own movies from your camcorder or video camera and burn on the fly.  You can also program your other electronics into the remote but you must know the manufacturer's codes which they list in a handy guide.  If you are shopping for a multi recorder/player search no more get this one you won't be disappointed
 I bought this set of speakers expecting a piece of junk...I WAS TOTALLY WRONG!!! These are great, they give the bass right where you want it. Sometimes i have to turn the bass all the way down and it is still too much. Watch out these come on sale instores for around $8.00 sometimes. That's where i got my 1st pair
 The sound range and clarity is quite good, they are comfortable. My only hesitation is the cord is too short for my purposes, I'd like to use it with my computer not a MP3 attached to my belt
 I got my mini about nine monthes ago right before they were discontinued (which, in my opinion, was a big mistake on Apple's part) and I absolutely love it! Mine is pink, and the color is so nice, the design sleek and seamless all around. It's smooth metal casing is really nice and different. The clickwheel is smooth and I have had no problems with it.I got my mini about nine monthes ago right before they were discontinued (which, in my opinion, was a big mistake on Apple's part) and I absolutely love it! Mine is pink, and the color is so nice, the design sleek and seamless all around. It's smooth metal casing is really nice and different. The clickwheel is smooth and I have had no problems with it.It holds a little less than 1,000 songs due to different formatting, but it's still a good amount; iTunes is easily understandable and functional as well. The ipod mini is approx. 1/2 of an inch think and slides into pockets easily, while not being as flimsy as the nano feels to me. The clickwheel is a great and fast way to scroll through hundreds of songs, raher than, as on my brother's mp3 player, needing to press "next" everytime you change the song. The backlight is fine, and does it's job; my one complaint on that would be that, as I mainly use it on the bus at 6:00 am, it is quite bright and hurts my eyes.It holds a little less than 1,000 songs due to different formatting, but it's still a good amount; iTunes is easily understandable and functional as well. The ipod mini is approx. 1/2 of an inch think and slides into pockets easily, while not being as flimsy as the nano feels to me. The clickwheel is a great and fast way to scroll through hundreds of songs, raher than, as on my brother's mp3 player, needing to press "next" everytime you change the song. The backlight is fine, and does it's job; my one complaint on that would be that, as I mainly use it on the bus at 6:00 am, it is quite bright and hurts my eyes.Another huge plus to owning a member of the ipiod "family" is the countless accesories that have become availible exclusively to them. I myself have a case, an iSkin which I have come to adore, high quality headphones and the iBass, which is another great speaker product for ipods. I've actually invested waay more on accessorites for my mini than it cost itself, but that's how much I love it!Another huge plus to owning a member of the ipiod "family" is the countless accesories that have become availible exclusively to them. I myself have a case, an iSkin which I have come to adore, high quality headphones and the iBass, which is another great speaker product for ipods. I've actually invested waay more on accessorites for my mini than it cost itself, but that's how much I love it!For having so many great features, this is priced very reasonably. Even when I got it and it was $200, I still felt that it was well worth the money. BUY THIS NOW!!!! it's amazing!    
 I haven't written any reviews for Amazon before, but when prompted for my feedback on this trackball, I had to respond.  I've been using one of these or its predecessors since the early 90's when Kensington first came out with the "Turbo Mouse".  It was great then, and now it's better.  This is as solid, smooth, and precise of an input device as you can get.  I don't understand those others with buttons on the side that when you press them the trackball slides across your desk.  This baby stays right where you put it because your button presses go straight down.  You can use it with just the tips of your fingers or your whole hand -- your choice.  The optical version is far superior to the old mechanical ones that needed frequent cleaning to stay in tip top performance.  The only drawback is the $100 retail price, but frankly it's worth that.  It's a no brainer at $80 which is what I paid through Amazon to Tiger Direct.  If you need (or want) a high performance trackball that you'll be able to use with many computers to come, get this one
 These speakers are awesome for the price.  They charge your ipod even when the unit is off.  The sound quality is great for around 50 bucks.  I bought these for traveling and they are small enough to fit in a suitcase without taking up too much room.  They also stack so they don't take up much counter space.  I can't say enough about the sound quality.  They are great
 I work for a small sized consulting engineer's firm where everyday we have to scan some hundreds of pages of text (magazine articles, old projects, letters from the client, books, etc).I work for a small sized consulting engineer's firm where everyday we have to scan some hundreds of pages of text (magazine articles, old projects, letters from the client, books, etc).We got four years ago our first fujitsu scanner ( still working ) and we have been impressed with its speed, small size and since it wase easy to use to obtain good quality PDF files.We got four years ago our first fujitsu scanner ( still working ) and we have been impressed with its speed, small size and since it wase easy to use to obtain good quality PDF files.A couple of years we moved to the scansnap series. We now have four of them.A couple of years we moved to the scansnap series. We now have four of them.PROS :- incredibly easy to use ( you don't need to teach anybody )- fast for PDF scanning- great value for money ( includes acrobat 7.0 bundled )- very small, perfect for a desk- good construction quality, no one of our 4 scanners ever broke- good construction quality, no one of our 4 scanners ever brokeCONS :- quality of the feeding roller is good but not professional. If you have to scan hundreds of pages you have to be on the scanner to avoid paper jams, double-feeding that some time occurs.- not great quality for photographs scanning ( however difficult because it is not flatbed ).- not great quality for photographs scanning ( however difficult because it is not flatbed ).I strongly suggest it for small-medium sized businesses to scan documents.I strongly suggest it for small-medium sized businesses to scan documents.If you have to scan hundreds of pages everyday or you need a high quality scanner for photos you can find something better. If you have to scan hundreds of pages everyday or you need a high quality scanner for photos you can find something better. 
 The CD sound is like being at the concert. Hooking the radio up to a television makes the home theater experience even better. The  fm radio receiption is even clear. Great quality product. Worth the money
 These are some great headphones with a few minor flaws:These are some great headphones with a few minor flaws:Pros:1. Great sound quality2. Very comfortable3. Light4. Worry-free charging4. Worry-free chargingCons:1. Achieving good wireless connection is not always easy, could require pressing the tune-in button several times2. Interference noises could sneak into the broadcast3. Turning them off could be annoying (requires precise timing)3. Turning them off could be annoying (requires precise timing)My experience: I've had two pairs of these for over a year and I like them very much. I enjoy great sound watching TV or listening to music while everybody is asleep. This is really great, I can enjoy music at comfortable levels at any time of the day or night. The sound is much better and clearer than the sound produced by the speakers of the TV. You have the same clarity and volume even though you might be moving around the rooms away from the TV (closet or the garage for example). The headphones are light and very comfortable. I tried other brands and the aw771 were the most comfortable by far. So, overall wonderful product. However, there a few flaws to be aware of. Consider the following before buying. It might require several attempts before the unit tunes in at the right channel. Sometimes, turning the headphones ON results in poor reception if any at all. To correct this, you have to press the only button (power, search, and turn off) and wait until the unit picks the signal at the right channel. You might have to repeat this operation two or three times and it is a bit annoying. Once you get good reception, everything is ok although you might get some interference (alien noises) when you turn your head or move around. The last problem is with the turn off button (again the only multifunction button). You need to press and hold the button for a certain amount of seconds and release it in order to turn off the unit. That is not always easy and usually the unit comes back on. You think you turned it off but it is still on and if it's not in the charger base you drain the batteries completely. Well, I hope my description is helpful. My experience: I've had two pairs of these for over a year and I like them very much. I enjoy great sound watching TV or listening to music while everybody is asleep. This is really great, I can enjoy music at comfortable levels at any time of the day or night. The sound is much better and clearer than the sound produced by the speakers of the TV. You have the same clarity and volume even though you might be moving around the rooms away from the TV (closet or the garage for example). The headphones are light and very comfortable. I tried other brands and the aw771 were the most comfortable by far. So, overall wonderful product. However, there a few flaws to be aware of. Consider the following before buying. It might require several attempts before the unit tunes in at the right channel. Sometimes, turning the headphones ON results in poor reception if any at all. To correct this, you have to press the only button (power, search, and turn off) and wait until the unit picks the signal at the right channel. You might have to repeat this operation two or three times and it is a bit annoying. Once you get good reception, everything is ok although you might get some interference (alien noises) when you turn your head or move around. The last problem is with the turn off button (again the only multifunction button). You need to press and hold the button for a certain amount of seconds and release it in order to turn off the unit. That is not always easy and usually the unit comes back on. You think you turned it off but it is still on and if it's not in the charger base you drain the batteries completely. Well, I hope my description is helpful. Regardless of the flaws, I recommend the AW771. I use them every day and best of all I enjoy great sound when other people are asleep. 
 I have always run all of my media through my pc and my former speaker set (a Midiland 5.1 system) was thoroughly aged and falling apart I decided it was time to upgrade.  I wanted something that had incredible sound with both music and dvd's.  I shopped around and came to the conclusion I would aim for the form factor speakers.  When considering this bose system, this MUST be taken into account.    I have always run all of my media through my pc and my former speaker set (a Midiland 5.1 system) was thoroughly aged and falling apart I decided it was time to upgrade.  I wanted something that had incredible sound with both music and dvd's.  I shopped around and came to the conclusion I would aim for the form factor speakers.  When considering this bose system, this MUST be taken into account.    First off, this system is expensive.  For just under 1000 dollars (doesn't 999 sound sooo much better than 1g?) you get 5 bi-directional midrange speakers, the subwoofer unit, and speaker cable.  At this price it is very disappointing that bose does not include some sort of receiver, but no matter this leaves room for the customer to customize his/her choice to suit any personal needs and/or budget.  Bose includes 3 colors (white, silver, black) and all the speakers are well packaged and aesthetically pleasing with the exception of the sub unit (a large rectangular box meant to save space but does not).  What brought me to look into this system was the specific size of the speakers and there general attractiveness.  For their size the bose do a very good job of reproducing any sound-granted they are paired with a competent receiver.  Anyone who has any qualms about this system should first consider what they are running their sound through, without competent equipment these speakers will not be on par with what you heard in the store.  What brought me to look into this system was the specific size of the speakers and there general attractiveness.  For their size the bose do a very good job of reproducing any sound-granted they are paired with a competent receiver.  Anyone who has any qualms about this system should first consider what they are running their sound through, without competent equipment these speakers will not be on par with what you heard in the store.  Once I got the system home it was very easy to set up and install.  Bose packages the speakers with clear instructions and all of the wires are meant to be hidden and include markings as to what speakers they belong to-a very handy feature especially when one is trying to hide this system.  The only serious issue I have with this system ended up being with my receiver (an Onkyo) and not related at all with the speakers.  Once I got the system home it was very easy to set up and install.  Bose packages the speakers with clear instructions and all of the wires are meant to be hidden and include markings as to what speakers they belong to-a very handy feature especially when one is trying to hide this system.  The only serious issue I have with this system ended up being with my receiver (an Onkyo) and not related at all with the speakers.  Since I do run this through my computer (presently a laptop) I had a few troubles setting up a new sound card and getting it too mesh with my receiver, but when that was all said and done, I was extremely please with the system.  With a bose the tweaking one needs to do is very minimal and thus why this deserves the higher price tag-its target audience is usually those more affluent and unable to spend hours tweaking individual speaker levels and sound ranges.  Since I do run this through my computer (presently a laptop) I had a few troubles setting up a new sound card and getting it too mesh with my receiver, but when that was all said and done, I was extremely please with the system.  With a bose the tweaking one needs to do is very minimal and thus why this deserves the higher price tag-its target audience is usually those more affluent and unable to spend hours tweaking individual speaker levels and sound ranges.  My test soundtracks included:  Gladiator, Matrix (II or III), Snatch, and music tracks ranging from techno, rock, classical, and alternative.  Everything sounded great with enough low, high, and midrange response.  The second complaint I have with this system is not differentiating in the least between any of the satellites.  I found myself turning the response on the center channel up so the front speakers weren't drowning out the voices.  That was solved with a little tweaking so nothing major there.  My test soundtracks included:  Gladiator, Matrix (II or III), Snatch, and music tracks ranging from techno, rock, classical, and alternative.  Everything sounded great with enough low, high, and midrange response.  The second complaint I have with this system is not differentiating in the least between any of the satellites.  I found myself turning the response on the center channel up so the front speakers weren't drowning out the voices.  That was solved with a little tweaking so nothing major there.  All in all this speaker system is a great investment in my mind satisfying all of my needs (though draining my bank account) and providing me with great surround sound.All in all this speaker system is a great investment in my mind satisfying all of my needs (though draining my bank account) and providing me with great surround sound.Good:  Great range and volume of sound.  Easy set-up.  Well built speakers-aesthetically and physically.  No interference or feedback.Good:  Great range and volume of sound.  Easy set-up.  Well built speakers-aesthetically and physically.  No interference or feedback.Bad:  Subwoofer awkward, no dedicated center channel, pricey, no included receiver.Bad:  Subwoofer awkward, no dedicated center channel, pricey, no included receiver.For their size these speakers more than compete with any full-blown tower 5.1 system.  Here is one satisfied customer
 Ladies and Gentlemen,Ladies and Gentlemen,Just a quick note to say that it is a pity that people buy 'toys' before exploring what it is that they're buying.  I have seen people knock the SanDisk U3 drives, as well as U3 drive made by other companies.  Well the reality is that:Just a quick note to say that it is a pity that people buy 'toys' before exploring what it is that they're buying.  I have seen people knock the SanDisk U3 drives, as well as U3 drive made by other companies.  Well the reality is that:a- The U3 software has a way of stopping the software's auto-boot.a- The U3 software has a way of stopping the software's auto-boot.b- There is Uninstall software available at at SanDisk.com and at U3.com, and I'm guessing that those company's that offer U3 and have a web site probably have the 'Uninstaller' on their site.b- There is Uninstall software available at at SanDisk.com and at U3.com, and I'm guessing that those company's that offer U3 and have a web site probably have the 'Uninstaller' on their site.c- There is a great deal of U3 software available (free and pay-for-it) at U3.com.  I know that SanDisk has a software site, so do Verbatim & Memorex.c- There is a great deal of U3 software available (free and pay-for-it) at U3.com.  I know that SanDisk has a software site, so do Verbatim & Memorex.d- For those who want portable software but don't want U3 or don't have a U3 drive, go to http://portableapps.com.  Note: some of the software here is the same used by the U3 folks, without using the U3 LaunchPad.d- For those who want portable software but don't want U3 or don't have a U3 drive, go to http://portableapps.com.  Note: some of the software here is the same used by the U3 folks, without using the U3 LaunchPad.e- Quality of drives: remember that when you buy most of the electronics 'toys' available today, you are buying Chinese c*** (junk).  Both the manufacturing and Quality Control (QC) are garbage.  Unless you are paying serious change for something ($500+) you will get passable junk.  If you are expecting "made in Japan quality" your kidding yourself.  This is the reason you will see many Brand Name goods, also selling with No-Name labels (i.e Coby).  Same production line, different labels.  It is also one of the reason folks are impressed with Apple iPods.  Apple demands excellent QC, and the destruction of goods that don't meet the standard.  In exchange you are willing to pay a 20% premium for this level of QC.  Like everything in life, ya gets whats ya pay for.e- Quality of drives: remember that when you buy most of the electronics 'toys' available today, you are buying Chinese c*** (junk).  Both the manufacturing and Quality Control (QC) are garbage.  Unless you are paying serious change for something ($500+) you will get passable junk.  If you are expecting "made in Japan quality" your kidding yourself.  This is the reason you will see many Brand Name goods, also selling with No-Name labels (i.e Coby).  Same production line, different labels.  It is also one of the reason folks are impressed with Apple iPods.  Apple demands excellent QC, and the destruction of goods that don't meet the standard.  In exchange you are willing to pay a 20% premium for this level of QC.  Like everything in life, ya gets whats ya pay for.g- Since the beginning of Windows (v1.0, et al) there have always been buggy and uncooperative software programs, there will always be pain in the a** software.  One of the reasons XP has such a prominent 'roll-back' feature.  And also the reason many, if not MOST, power users run multiple machines.  Of course, these days we have to fill Billy G's pockets by having to buy multiple paks of XP.  Most of my power-user friends run at least three or four machines, each one with a different use.  It shouldn't be this way, but the reality is that for folk that use or explore a great deal of software, for many purposes (MP3's, scanning, Video, controlling radios, composing music, et al), one machine won't cut it because XP ain't as stable as folks think.  The more programs, and the more varied in type, the more instability is introduced into ANY Windows installation. Why do you think businesses run Win2000 or Win2003, because there are less software 'toys' that run under 2K, and the 'admin' can prevent you from loading a lot of software 'toys'.g- Since the beginning of Windows (v1.0, et al) there have always been buggy and uncooperative software programs, there will always be pain in the a** software.  One of the reasons XP has such a prominent 'roll-back' feature.  And also the reason many, if not MOST, power users run multiple machines.  Of course, these days we have to fill Billy G's pockets by having to buy multiple paks of XP.  Most of my power-user friends run at least three or four machines, each one with a different use.  It shouldn't be this way, but the reality is that for folk that use or explore a great deal of software, for many purposes (MP3's, scanning, Video, controlling radios, composing music, et al), one machine won't cut it because XP ain't as stable as folks think.  The more programs, and the more varied in type, the more instability is introduced into ANY Windows installation. Why do you think businesses run Win2000 or Win2003, because there are less software 'toys' that run under 2K, and the 'admin' can prevent you from loading a lot of software 'toys'.h- In the end, understand what you are buying before you buy so that you'll have better luck getting what you want, and you won't look so ignorant when you say something that anyone who has bothered to go to the web site(s) knows is dead wrong, or just plain stupid.h- In the end, understand what you are buying before you buy so that you'll have better luck getting what you want, and you won't look so ignorant when you say something that anyone who has bothered to go to the web site(s) knows is dead wrong, or just plain stupid.i- When you truly understand the product, you'll be able to write TRULY useful reviews, and that what all readers want, useful information.i- When you truly understand the product, you'll be able to write TRULY useful reviews, and that what all readers want, useful information.To one and all, may your 'toys' keep you happy
 Very easy to use. Expend my wireless network access from two marginal to five with very good signal level. No external power required. Highly recomend it.
 Could not have been easier to install - literally just put the included CD in the drive, and plug the device into your USB 2.0 port.  Installed and self-configured in minutes.  Very small, light, no additional power cords to worry about, no additional software (beyond the automatically installed drivers) to install - quick and easy.  Only issue I found is that the antenna is permanent, so you could never swap for replacement/better antenna like you can on some other wireless NICs
 This cover is very durable, however it is somewhat difficult to get the ipod into the case.  The case covers the entire ipod except for small vent holes so it is very water resistant, but the case covers the locking button making it harder to lock and unlock the ipod
 I purchased this answering machine with the intention of expanding the quantity of phones to cover the entire house. To start, I bought only one additional phone. I'll buy the rest later. So far I am very pleased. The sound quality is excellent and there are numerous bonus features that I have found very useful. Like the talking caller ID and being able to screen messages from any of the phones. I also like being able to program a phone directory into one phone and transfering (download) a single entry or the entire list to the other phones. And each phone is also a speaker phone and a full intercom.I purchased this answering machine with the intention of expanding the quantity of phones to cover the entire house. To start, I bought only one additional phone. I'll buy the rest later. So far I am very pleased. The sound quality is excellent and there are numerous bonus features that I have found very useful. Like the talking caller ID and being able to screen messages from any of the phones. I also like being able to program a phone directory into one phone and transfering (download) a single entry or the entire list to the other phones. And each phone is also a speaker phone and a full intercom.You can name the phones for the rooms they will occupy which will help when you use the intercom to call a specific room. So you would page the "Living Rm" rather than phone #3, etc.You can name the phones for the rooms they will occupy which will help when you use the intercom to call a specific room. So you would page the "Living Rm" rather than phone #3, etc.If you have caller ID, you can program special rings and special call ID colors for the callers in your phone directory but that information must be programmed into each phone. It doesn't transfer when you download the directory to the other phones. If you have caller ID, you can program special rings and special call ID colors for the callers in your phone directory but that information must be programmed into each phone. It doesn't transfer when you download the directory to the other phones. Also, on another Panasonic wireless phone that I own, the incoming call displayed the name I had programmed into the phone directory. Just like your cell phone will say "home", etc. On this phone, the caller ID displays the telephone company info only. Also, on another Panasonic wireless phone that I own, the incoming call displayed the name I had programmed into the phone directory. Just like your cell phone will say "home", etc. On this phone, the caller ID displays the telephone company info only. I think the phone is great, I just wanted to clarify some points that are not crystal clear in the literature.I think the phone is great, I just wanted to clarify some points that are not crystal clear in the literature.
 Kingston's 2GB Data Traveler USB drive is perfect to storage files. I have looked for a 2 GB USB and found this one to be the cheapest based on its characteristices. I think it is a bargain price
 I love these speakers and the price was great
 I'm very happy with the Kensington SX 2000. I listen mostly to jazz and the midrange is as good as the higher end Bose or Apple speaker systems. Pumping up the volume does not distort in any way either. Plus, I have my speaker on a divider that equally services both ends of the open space
 I love Belkin and their surge protectors are top quality. I specifically look for their brand and I am always very impressed. This model has been especially good to me over the last 3 years and I would highly recommend it
 I am a camcorder buff. Ever since my children were born, I have had the camcorder attached to my hand most days because I knowthat life is fleeting and memories are too precious to be lost.that life is fleeting and memories are too precious to be lost.I had a huge collection of video tapes and was able to transferthe entire collection to DVD. Now I know that they will last atleast through my life time.. Also, I find that using the Showbizapplication, I can create customized DVDs for my friends andthat has saved me a ton of money in gifts..that has saved me a ton of money in gifts..The only problem we had with this product was that we hadlimited hard disk memory and had to acquire some more. And I have probably created more than a 100 DVDs by now.And I have probably created more than a 100 DVDs by now.Thanks HP!
 This little device is a great invention from HP.  I had problems installing the unit and was on the telephone with HP Tech support (India) for 1.75 hours, I spent very little time on hold.This little device is a great invention from HP.  I had problems installing the unit and was on the telephone with HP Tech support (India) for 1.75 hours, I spent very little time on hold.The largest draw back to the unit is my computer acts like the DC4000 is not there from time to time and required me to reboot the computer in order to use this nifty device
 I recently began upgrading my home audio by buying at Ebay 2 pairs of JBL E20s and 1 Pair E30s, an E25 center speaker and a Harmon Kardon AVR. I got the first pair of e20s a week ago and the 2nd pair of E20s and the E30 yesterday and the remaining stuff should be delivered by the weekend. I recently began upgrading my home audio by buying at Ebay 2 pairs of JBL E20s and 1 Pair E30s, an E25 center speaker and a Harmon Kardon AVR. I got the first pair of e20s a week ago and the 2nd pair of E20s and the E30 yesterday and the remaining stuff should be delivered by the weekend. The E20s and E30s are listed as "Bookshelf Speakers." The E20s ARE bookshelf speakers. As I wrote in my review of the E20s, the E30s can only be thought of as bookshelf speakers if you last name is Kong and your first name is King! The E20s are heavy at 7lbs each, not flimsy little boxes as some cheapo bookshelves are. The E30s are HEAVY. HEAVY! 16 lbs each. (That is what my 7 qt lodge cast iron dutch oven weighs!) They are 15 inches high and 12 inches deep. They need to be placed on small end tables or speaker stands 18 to 24 inches off the floor. The E20s and E30s are listed as "Bookshelf Speakers." The E20s ARE bookshelf speakers. As I wrote in my review of the E20s, the E30s can only be thought of as bookshelf speakers if you last name is Kong and your first name is King! The E20s are heavy at 7lbs each, not flimsy little boxes as some cheapo bookshelves are. The E30s are HEAVY. HEAVY! 16 lbs each. (That is what my 7 qt lodge cast iron dutch oven weighs!) They are 15 inches high and 12 inches deep. They need to be placed on small end tables or speaker stands 18 to 24 inches off the floor. I am very pleased with both the E20s and E30s. For small speakers, the E20s have some oomph and can be cranked up. The E30s have OOOMMPHHHH. They WANT to be cranked up. Yesterday I tried them out by listening to my mp3 files of the Animals Singles and Paul Revere and the Raiders Kicks. When cranked up, the E30s sound at least 1000% better than the the E20s.  I hooked them up to my vintage JVC AV receiver circa 1989 that has 80 watts front and 20 watts rear power. At a little over half volume my ears began to hurt. You can really feel the bass and the drums kick. I am very pleased with both the E20s and E30s. For small speakers, the E20s have some oomph and can be cranked up. The E30s have OOOMMPHHHH. They WANT to be cranked up. Yesterday I tried them out by listening to my mp3 files of the Animals Singles and Paul Revere and the Raiders Kicks. When cranked up, the E30s sound at least 1000% better than the the E20s.  I hooked them up to my vintage JVC AV receiver circa 1989 that has 80 watts front and 20 watts rear power. At a little over half volume my ears began to hurt. You can really feel the bass and the drums kick. I also listened to about 2 hours of The Doors via Rhapsody with the audio out from my computer to the audio in on my receiver. I have been listening to this music since it was first played on the airwaves back in the 60s. The E30s are simply incredible! They brought some very familiar tunes to life and made them new and fresh.I also listened to about 2 hours of The Doors via Rhapsody with the audio out from my computer to the audio in on my receiver. I have been listening to this music since it was first played on the airwaves back in the 60s. The E30s are simply incredible! They brought some very familiar tunes to life and made them new and fresh.My biggest surprise with the E30s is that they sound very good at lower volumes, not as good as the E20s, but still very good. As I write, I am watching/listening to a DVD of Vivaldi's 4 Seasons concertos performed by Herbert Von Karajan, the BPO and Anne-Sophie Mutter on fiddle and am running the E30s and E20s at about 15% volume--pretty low since the 4 speakers are sharing the front 80 watts of my receiver. Yet I can still HEAR everything at low volumes including the resonating violins and the harpsacord. Since we normally do not rock the house down all the time and we do often listen at lower levels, I am very pleased at how good they sound without having to blow out my eardrums. My biggest surprise with the E30s is that they sound very good at lower volumes, not as good as the E20s, but still very good. As I write, I am watching/listening to a DVD of Vivaldi's 4 Seasons concertos performed by Herbert Von Karajan, the BPO and Anne-Sophie Mutter on fiddle and am running the E30s and E20s at about 15% volume--pretty low since the 4 speakers are sharing the front 80 watts of my receiver. Yet I can still HEAR everything at low volumes including the resonating violins and the harpsacord. Since we normally do not rock the house down all the time and we do often listen at lower levels, I am very pleased at how good they sound without having to blow out my eardrums. I bought the E30s for under $90 including s/h. Back in the early 80s or late 70s I spent more than four times this amount (adjusted for inflation) for 2 large, heavy Advent Loudspeakers with 8" woofers. The E30s clearly sound better than I ever remember the Advents sounding including better bass response, and I liked the Advents! Over time, our audio choices have gotten better and cheaper. You still can spend mega bucks and buy a $10,000 McIntosh system (or even drop that much on a turntable magnetic cartridge as I saw at one website!) It all depends on what your budget is. The JBLs are a great value offering tremendous perfomance for those who are budget minded
 I repartitioned the disk so I have a Macintosh partition and a Windows partition.  I back up both my Mac and my PC to this disk.  It is fast and easy to use
 I use the drive to back up important data. I write a few GB to the drive each time. I was surprise by how fast data transfered onto the hard drive through the USB2.0 interface. It is quiet and I have no complain
 Used for backing up a huge quantity of high resolution digital images. The drive is fast and quiet in it's operation, while taking up very little space on the desktop. I highly recommend this drive and this brand of drives
 This equipment is simply and perfect a viable connection  to the world "where you are"!. My work forces to me to travel to very distant sites where the communication was difficult and this creates a access point to me for connected to the world via Interne
 Noel Lee's Monster Cable products Inc., come up with the goods here! A cable of stunning, high resolution that snaps the picture into such clarity that you'll think you're watching scenes through a glass window and not through a television/monitor, a bold claim indeed, BUT, quite true never-the-less. I was totally unprepared for such a dramatic change for the better. This cable brings to the viewer ALL the picture, and, yes, that does mean "Warts and all"so, be prepared to see the smallest of detail, like strings and wire that enabled special effects crews to do their work "Un-seen". Who really needs HDTV when cables like Monster's MVS3-1M are this good and can bring a vastly superior standard to an existing television/monitor for only a minute fraction of the cost. Thanks Noel, well done
 I stretched them till they fit comfortably on my wide head. They sound great to my ear and I use them alot
 I have searched and searched and searched for a pair of portable headphones that sound as good as these with lots of failure. IMO, you cannot beat the sound of a set of &quot;over-the-head&quot; headphones. I have tried all styles: earbuds, behind the neck, clips, even the ear plugs. Nothing gives the sound and comfort of the KTX Pros (granted, I have never tried the sportapros or portapros, but from what I have read, they are the same headphone. Except they are UGLY!). The KTX Pros have both great lows and great highs. Plus, you can't beat that price
 This is an affordable option that provides a lot of memory and allows USB 2.0 protocol for very fast transfer. If you need to transfer data from one digital product to another, this is very handy and I think that every person dealing a lot with data should have one.
 I basically bought these because they were cheap. Cheap things are not always bad and these headphones are a great example. The UR-20 provides excellent sound for both music and movies. It has excellent bass and sound isolation. I am by no means an audiophile but I know good sound when I hear it and these headphones produce great sound, especially for its price.
 Not a bad battery deal. While they don't last as long as some other batteries I've tried, their cost per battery more than makes up for it. For those that care about such things, they contain no mercury, no cadmium, and are made in China
 I've had this keyboard a number of years and would never go back to anything else. I have (or had) severe carpal tunnel syndrom. This keyboard has eliminated that problem entirely. I can't think of a downside. Yes, it takes a bit of getting used to and yes, the keys are a bit noisy. But I have no problem with that. It just reminds me I'm working.I've had this keyboard a number of years and would never go back to anything else. I have (or had) severe carpal tunnel syndrom. This keyboard has eliminated that problem entirely. I can't think of a downside. Yes, it takes a bit of getting used to and yes, the keys are a bit noisy. But I have no problem with that. It just reminds me I'm working.The number pad is excellent too.The number pad is excellent too.I'm getting ready to get another one to use with my laptop.I'm getting ready to get another one to use with my laptop.You can't destroy this keyboard. If you value your wrists and hands, get this
 We previously had an AT&T cordless w/answering machine (1 handset) and always had trouble locating the one receiver - kind of like misplacing the TV remote. With 3 handsets, we are spoiled. Also our house has a few phone jacks but they are all located where we did not want a phone and no jacks in our den or living room. With the abilty to locate the phones anywhere in the house where there is an outlet, we were able to place one in our living room and another in our bedroom (which we can turn the ringer off).
 Corded phones with features are becoming harder to find now-a-days.  My home needed one corded phone for sure fire communications during power outages, mobile phone down for whatever reason, etc.  This is one of the few corded phones with caller ID and no answering machine built in.  The greatest feature of this phone is it has a HOLD button so one can place a call on hold while one gets high tech cordless, etc.  Also with the built in speaker phone this phone is great in the kitchen.  Highly recommend this for your one corded phone in the house
 Wow, who would've thought that you could get such amazing products, at affordable prices.  The staff's friendly and responds quickly to any questions that you may have.  This is one amazing phone system (Uniden TCX905), I forgot that it's a cordless. 
 Bought this for my son who is in Iraq. He doesn't leave his tent w/o it!!Stands up fine to the dust and heat with no problem. Has more room than he expected. The price was LESS than the smaller one he wanted from a competitor to Amazon.com.Stands up fine to the dust and heat with no problem. Has more room than he expected. The price was LESS than the smaller one he wanted from a competitor to Amazon.com.SO glad I found this one on Amazon instead
 I'm going to cover compatiblity, sound, and comfort.I'm going to cover compatiblity, sound, and comfort.OVERVIEW.OVERVIEW.Although I wish these were as cheap as the IPOD, $39 + $6 shipping isnt bad either. I have done the heat treatment (using boiling water) and the headphones seemed to open up more. When the headphones came in the box, the ear pieces were really close together. So I can easily see how these bands can crack easily when put on your head.Although I wish these were as cheap as the IPOD, $39 + $6 shipping isnt bad either. I have done the heat treatment (using boiling water) and the headphones seemed to open up more. When the headphones came in the box, the ear pieces were really close together. So I can easily see how these bands can crack easily when put on your head.I plan to heat treat these again to spread them out more.I plan to heat treat these again to spread them out more.SOUND.SOUND.Sound quality is excellent.Sound quality is excellent.COMFORT.COMFORT.The only thing I don't really like is this style of headphone. I don't really like the band to go around the back of my head, causing my ears to support the headphones. I like the ones that go over the top of your head.The only thing I don't really like is this style of headphone. I don't really like the band to go around the back of my head, causing my ears to support the headphones. I like the ones that go over the top of your head.COMPATIBILITY.COMPATIBILITY.I have a Inspiron DELL Laptop and these suckers can connect to it easily without using a transmitter. These can also connect to just about any MP3 player of all sizes (PSP also) because it comes with a small 8 mm jack extension cord.I have a Inspiron DELL Laptop and these suckers can connect to it easily without using a transmitter. These can also connect to just about any MP3 player of all sizes (PSP also) because it comes with a small 8 mm jack extension cord.FEATURES.FEATURES.Coolest features with this compared to my other IR sony wireless headphones is that this can go through walls! About 3X feet away
 I am overall quite pleased with these headphones.  The sound quality is excellent.  I've not had any problems with interference, background hiss or anything of that nature.I am overall quite pleased with these headphones.  The sound quality is excellent.  I've not had any problems with interference, background hiss or anything of that nature.Battery life has been excellent.  I have not actually ran them all the way down to see just how long they'll last, but I use them to listen to music at work for the better part of 8 hours a day and they haven't failed me yet.Battery life has been excellent.  I have not actually ran them all the way down to see just how long they'll last, but I use them to listen to music at work for the better part of 8 hours a day and they haven't failed me yet.The only reason I would not give them 5 stars is that they can be a little uncomfortable after prolonged use.  I'm not really a big fan of this "sport" style of headphone, and probably wouldn't have tried these if I hadn't gotten them on clearance.  But, I found that after experimenting a little I was able to get them situated to feel pretty comfortable, even wearing them the better part of a workday
 The keyboard is good quality and the best product I could find for the price. I recommend if you are looking for a low profile keyboard w/numeric entry pad that takes a mimimum anount of desk space.  The keypad has the feel of a large notebook computer.  So makes a great docking station keyboard if you are used to the slim kepads on most modern laptop computers.
 First off, let me say that this is a VERY impressive monitor.  My points of reference for that statement are my other three LCD monitors: three Samsung models, two of which are 913Ns and the other is a 712N.  These two Samsung models are advertised to have the same contrast ratio rating as this ViewSonic, and their advertised brightness ratings are 20 points higher than this ViewSonic.  Surprisingly, I actually can see the brightness difference between the Samsungs and this ViewSonic, but, for my taste and needs, the Samsungs are simply too bright, and I end up turning down their brightnesses anyway.  For high light, daytime use, I have found that I do like to have the brightness all the way up on the ViewSonic, but I truly do not see any need for it to be any brighter than it is capable of being.First off, let me say that this is a VERY impressive monitor.  My points of reference for that statement are my other three LCD monitors: three Samsung models, two of which are 913Ns and the other is a 712N.  These two Samsung models are advertised to have the same contrast ratio rating as this ViewSonic, and their advertised brightness ratings are 20 points higher than this ViewSonic.  Surprisingly, I actually can see the brightness difference between the Samsungs and this ViewSonic, but, for my taste and needs, the Samsungs are simply too bright, and I end up turning down their brightnesses anyway.  For high light, daytime use, I have found that I do like to have the brightness all the way up on the ViewSonic, but I truly do not see any need for it to be any brighter than it is capable of being.Installation was simple: in fact, something that might be helpful to those of you who are buying this would be that, interestingly again, the drivers that are on the ViewSonic website are actually older than the ones that came with my installation CD, even though the driver package that is posted on the ViewSonic website claims to have been posted only a few weeks ago.  When I first installed this monitor and turned it on, I truly do not think the picture was as clear, or the graphics as rich, as any of the Samsung monitors that I own.  But, and this is another tip for new users of this product, the default setting for the ViewSonic screen contrast was set MUCH lower than the maximum setting.  When I increased the contrast up to its maximum setting, I believe the clarity and quality of the picture to be nearly equal, if not fully equal, to those on the other LCDs that I own.Installation was simple: in fact, something that might be helpful to those of you who are buying this would be that, interestingly again, the drivers that are on the ViewSonic website are actually older than the ones that came with my installation CD, even though the driver package that is posted on the ViewSonic website claims to have been posted only a few weeks ago.  When I first installed this monitor and turned it on, I truly do not think the picture was as clear, or the graphics as rich, as any of the Samsung monitors that I own.  But, and this is another tip for new users of this product, the default setting for the ViewSonic screen contrast was set MUCH lower than the maximum setting.  When I increased the contrast up to its maximum setting, I believe the clarity and quality of the picture to be nearly equal, if not fully equal, to those on the other LCDs that I own.One big plus about this monitor is that it comes with a DVI cable included, so you save that added expense (this isn't true with all ViewSonics).  And, especially with the digital connection, I have no doubts about ViewSonic's claim that this monitor has nearly twice (5ms versus 8ms) the refresh rate as the Samsungs.  I have to admit that I wasn't sure I needed a widescreen display, but I believe it's going to be a challenge going back to the standard ones!  This is a really a fine monitor!One big plus about this monitor is that it comes with a DVI cable included, so you save that added expense (this isn't true with all ViewSonics).  And, especially with the digital connection, I have no doubts about ViewSonic's claim that this monitor has nearly twice (5ms versus 8ms) the refresh rate as the Samsungs.  I have to admit that I wasn't sure I needed a widescreen display, but I believe it's going to be a challenge going back to the standard ones!  This is a really a fine monitor!Now for a few small negatives.  One reason I haven't purchased ViewSonics in the past is that they put a fairly tall bar on the bottom of these screens to accommodate speakers.  I already have a fine speaker system set up and connected to my computer, so I really have no use for monitor speakers.  Additionally, those ViewSonic speakers always raise the monitor height up much higher than I'm comfortable with.  Strains my neck.  The reason I really didn't worry about it on this monitor was because, while there are speakers, they appear to be nearly half the height of the normal ones on other ViewSonic monitors.  With that said, I have to admit that even this speaker accommodation bar added a bit more to the screen height than I had expected.  For example, on the 17 inch Samsung monitor, the bottom of the screen is 3 3/4" from the desktop.  On the 19 inch Samsungs, it is 4 inches.  On this ViewSonic, the bottom of the screen is 5 1/2 inches above the desktop.  It's not bad, but it's going to take a bit of getting used to.  If all else fails, other monitor stands are available.Now for a few small negatives.  One reason I haven't purchased ViewSonics in the past is that they put a fairly tall bar on the bottom of these screens to accommodate speakers.  I already have a fine speaker system set up and connected to my computer, so I really have no use for monitor speakers.  Additionally, those ViewSonic speakers always raise the monitor height up much higher than I'm comfortable with.  Strains my neck.  The reason I really didn't worry about it on this monitor was because, while there are speakers, they appear to be nearly half the height of the normal ones on other ViewSonic monitors.  With that said, I have to admit that even this speaker accommodation bar added a bit more to the screen height than I had expected.  For example, on the 17 inch Samsung monitor, the bottom of the screen is 3 3/4" from the desktop.  On the 19 inch Samsungs, it is 4 inches.  On this ViewSonic, the bottom of the screen is 5 1/2 inches above the desktop.  It's not bad, but it's going to take a bit of getting used to.  If all else fails, other monitor stands are available.As with most electronic products these days, there is very little in the way of documentation.  The 87 billion language installation card tells diddly.  The .PDF manual that is installed on the computer simply says the standard self-explanatory things.  However, I found the interactive help program on the manufacturer's website be quite useful in helping fix a few small problems, surprisingly.As with most electronic products these days, there is very little in the way of documentation.  The 87 billion language installation card tells diddly.  The .PDF manual that is installed on the computer simply says the standard self-explanatory things.  However, I found the interactive help program on the manufacturer's website be quite useful in helping fix a few small problems, surprisingly.All in all, I'm very impressed so far, and I'm really looking forward to using this monitor!  By the by, shipping from Amazon.com was amazingly fast: it shipped the next day, and it arrived the day after that.  I can't complain about that speed!  My only question is why they would need a weight surcharge on this but could ship an extremely heavy wood lathe for free?  Go figure!  Anyway, a solid four stars for this monitor
 I'm using this AP, along with a Netgear 802.11g PC Card to test streaming live/recorded TV to other parts of my house.  Seems like a capable product even if I didn't use the 108Mbps feature.I'm using this AP, along with a Netgear 802.11g PC Card to test streaming live/recorded TV to other parts of my house.  Seems like a capable product even if I didn't use the 108Mbps feature.However, be sure to update the firmware or the AP might not work correctly.  When I first received it, configuration was easy enough but it had trouble working with my Netgear and HP Centrino notebook.  Both notebooks will get a signal and even connect be failed to obtain an IP address from my network's DNS server.  A firmware upgrade solved the problem and the AP now streams TV realibly from my living room to the kitchen.However, be sure to update the firmware or the AP might not work correctly.  When I first received it, configuration was easy enough but it had trouble working with my Netgear and HP Centrino notebook.  Both notebooks will get a signal and even connect be failed to obtain an IP address from my network's DNS server.  A firmware upgrade solved the problem and the AP now streams TV realibly from my living room to the kitchen.I noticed that there is are hordes of wireless APs around my house, I guess most neighbours are using some form of 802.11 wireless as well.  However, this D-Link AP is able to function correctly abeit all the other APs around (2 using the same channel as mine I've found).I noticed that there is are hordes of wireless APs around my house, I guess most neighbours are using some form of 802.11 wireless as well.  However, this D-Link AP is able to function correctly abeit all the other APs around (2 using the same channel as mine I've found).I noticed that there is are hordes of wireless APs around my house, I guess most neighbours are using some form of 802.11 wireless as well.  However, this D-Link AP is able to function correctly abeit all the other APs around (2 using the same channel as mine I've found).Overall, recommended if you want a good AP.  Just be sure to update the firmware
 The sound quality is pretty darn good, except that if you pace around while talking/listening, there are these annoying clicking/scratching sounds.  They are quite, and, if you stand still they go away.  I've had other phones that click/scratch while pacing around, and they actually dropped some of the sound during the clicking - at least this phone doesn't do that.  The sound quality is pretty darn good, except that if you pace around while talking/listening, there are these annoying clicking/scratching sounds.  They are quite, and, if you stand still they go away.  I've had other phones that click/scratch while pacing around, and they actually dropped some of the sound during the clicking - at least this phone doesn't do that.  My 900 MHz DSS Uniden didn't have these sounds (while pacing or otherwise), and still had greater range.  I don't know why the new technology can't measure up.  Still though, this is the best 5.8 I've tried.  (Yet I'd rather buy another 900MHz DSS if there were any on the market anymore.  All of today's 900MHz are analog instead of digital.)My 900 MHz DSS Uniden didn't have these sounds (while pacing or otherwise), and still had greater range.  I don't know why the new technology can't measure up.  Still though, this is the best 5.8 I've tried.  (Yet I'd rather buy another 900MHz DSS if there were any on the market anymore.  All of today's 900MHz are analog instead of digital.)Another annoying thing is that you can't recharge the phone with the belt clip attached, so the clip goes on and off (and on and off).  (Many (cell) phones have a charger that allows this.)Another annoying thing is that you can't recharge the phone with the belt clip attached, so the clip goes on and off (and on and off).  (Many (cell) phones have a charger that allows this.)The plastic is a bit cheap.  Don't drop this phone.  My friend has one and it hasn't worked since it was dropped.The plastic is a bit cheap.  Don't drop this phone.  My friend has one and it hasn't worked since it was dropped.(I haven't tried the bluetooth yet, and have yet to see how good the battery life is.
 I got this base and added 6 TCX805 handsets to it.  The whole setup works great.  I got this base because it supports bluetooth through to my cell phone.  That features works well, there's a slightly longer pause as it connects through to the cell phone but that's trivial.  I will say this, you need to keep your cell phone within about 20' of this base.  I just take mine off, turn on Bluetooth and it automagically pairs up with the base.I got this base and added 6 TCX805 handsets to it.  The whole setup works great.  I got this base because it supports bluetooth through to my cell phone.  That features works well, there's a slightly longer pause as it connects through to the cell phone but that's trivial.  I will say this, you need to keep your cell phone within about 20' of this base.  I just take mine off, turn on Bluetooth and it automagically pairs up with the base.So if you want the cell dialing feature and like the more traditional upright handset, get this base and expand it with other handsets. 
 This product is great - allowed me to connect a distant printer to my computer by hooking two of the extension cables together.  Worked right away - no problems
 This is a great headset for my use.  It is very clear.  I use it for work, and I only make use it periodically throughout the day, making about 10 calls daily so I don't wear it all the time
 Researched a lot before I bought this TV and for the money, this one was hands down the best 32" LCD.   Also, Amazon had the best price by far and it shipped to my house in a timely manner with no major issues.   I mainly use this TV for my XBOX 360.  You will NOT be disappointed if you are planning on doing the same.   The game mode does enhance the picture a great deal as well.  I provides sort of an Anti Aliasing effect smoothing out some of the rough edges. All in all, after owning the tv for about 2 months now, I couldn't be happier.   To get around the poor speakers, I just plug in a nice set of headphones and games sound GREAT.  I've also hooked up an HD antenna and regular cable.  HD channels have a very good picture over the air.  Some football games almost look better on this than on my 42" Samsung DLP downstairs with the HD Cable.  There's also a nice Antenna button on the remote which quickly swaps between cable and the Over the Air Antenna.  The only drawbacks to the TV are the 1 component input and the fact you can't use the PIP with the cable connected, only the antenna.  
 I had a Zen Vision:M but I returned it because I decided I didn't need quite that much storage capacity and the hard drive seemed to sputter and whirr too often and I wanted the peace of mind that comes with owning a flash player compared to a hard drive player, so I decided to go with the Zen V since it's interface is almost identical to that of the Zen Vision M's(which I liked).I had a Zen Vision:M but I returned it because I decided I didn't need quite that much storage capacity and the hard drive seemed to sputter and whirr too often and I wanted the peace of mind that comes with owning a flash player compared to a hard drive player, so I decided to go with the Zen V since it's interface is almost identical to that of the Zen Vision M's(which I liked).The first thing you will notice is the physical design.  Initially I wasn't that impressed, but it's really grown on me.  The height x width dimensions are comparitively much much smaller than the iPod nano.  You can actually wrap your entire hand around the device, and the soft finish feels very nice in your hand.  The second color that fills the seams of the player is a very nice touch as well.The first thing you will notice is the physical design.  Initially I wasn't that impressed, but it's really grown on me.  The height x width dimensions are comparitively much much smaller than the iPod nano.  You can actually wrap your entire hand around the device, and the soft finish feels very nice in your hand.  The second color that fills the seams of the player is a very nice touch as well.The music is organized your standard Artist-Album-Song interface that is becoming quite a bit stale in my opinion. Still, it's as simple as you can get I suppose.  The device officially supports album art although it seems to be very hit-or-miss in that regard in my experience. The screen is vibrant and colorful but is very hard to see in bright sunlight.The music is organized your standard Artist-Album-Song interface that is becoming quite a bit stale in my opinion. Still, it's as simple as you can get I suppose.  The device officially supports album art although it seems to be very hit-or-miss in that regard in my experience. The screen is vibrant and colorful but is very hard to see in bright sunlight. The middle joystick is used for navigation and it works very well in that regard, although wedging your thumb underneath to move upward can be tricky sometimes and result in an accidental button push.  A dedicated volume control switch is found on the side and a hold switch on top.   The middle joystick is used for navigation and it works very well in that regard, although wedging your thumb underneath to move upward can be tricky sometimes and result in an accidental button push.  A dedicated volume control switch is found on the side and a hold switch on top.  The player syncs with WMP11 via USB connection.  Syncing it is a snap although I was not impressed with the transfer speeds. Also, if you sync the tracks on your player back to another computer, album art will not be attached to the music tracks.The player syncs with WMP11 via USB connection.  Syncing it is a snap although I was not impressed with the transfer speeds. Also, if you sync the tracks on your player back to another computer, album art will not be attached to the music tracks.If you are a newbie to buying MP3 players make note of the different sized models.  The 2GB model for instance advertises that it holds 1000 songs but these figures are theoretical maximums based on low quality files.  Most of my files are mid bit-rate WMAs and I can fit about 500 songs on the player, half as much as advertised.  If you are a newbie to buying MP3 players make note of the different sized models.  The 2GB model for instance advertises that it holds 1000 songs but these figures are theoretical maximums based on low quality files.  Most of my files are mid bit-rate WMAs and I can fit about 500 songs on the player, half as much as advertised.  Summary:Summary:Pros:Excellent physical designEasy to use interfaceGood navigationGreat sound qualityGreat sound qualityCons:On-the-go playlist creation is flawedAlbum art support hit-or-missSlow transfer speeds from WMP11Accesories rarely available in brick-and-mortar storesAccesories rarely available in brick-and-mortar storesUltimately, I recommend the Zen V over the iPod nano mostly on the strength of it's vastly superior physical design. Ultimately, I recommend the Zen V over the iPod nano mostly on the strength of it's vastly superior physical design. Ultimately, I recommend the Zen V over the iPod nano mostly on the strength of it's vastly superior physical design. Ultimately, I recommend the Zen V over the iPod nano mostly on the strength of it's vastly superior physical design. 
 I have had these speakers for over a month and I love them they sound awesome. They were delivered quickly and they were brand new as described
 I read the other reviews for these speakers so I had very high expectations. I can only say WOW! The premium price (compared with lesser 2.1 speaker systems) is absolutely justified
 For reference, I've owned a set of Labtec APX-6420 2.1 speakers for about 6-7 years now. With the purchase of a a new computer (Mac Pro + Cinema Display) I decided it was also time to upgrade my speakers. I spent a very long time mulling over different brands and models, listening to them in stores whenever possible. Of the major "PC speaker" makers, I recall sampling Altec Lansing, Logitech, Klipsch, Bose, Creative, and JBL. Aside from listening in stores (a poor environment) I also took into account personal experience with the brands (mostly the first three I listed) in regular "home" situations.For reference, I've owned a set of Labtec APX-6420 2.1 speakers for about 6-7 years now. With the purchase of a a new computer (Mac Pro + Cinema Display) I decided it was also time to upgrade my speakers. I spent a very long time mulling over different brands and models, listening to them in stores whenever possible. Of the major "PC speaker" makers, I recall sampling Altec Lansing, Logitech, Klipsch, Bose, Creative, and JBL. Aside from listening in stores (a poor environment) I also took into account personal experience with the brands (mostly the first three I listed) in regular "home" situations.I initially wanted the Klipsch ProMedia 2.1's because of the fantastic reviews they've gotten on Amazon and elsewhere, but was turned off to them because of the apparently poor build quality (parts breaking very quickly), along with reports of buzzing, the power switch being on the back of the subwoofer, my impression of them in stores, and experience with a friend's ProMedia 4.1's (which neither I nor him really cared for, and which recently broke).I initially wanted the Klipsch ProMedia 2.1's because of the fantastic reviews they've gotten on Amazon and elsewhere, but was turned off to them because of the apparently poor build quality (parts breaking very quickly), along with reports of buzzing, the power switch being on the back of the subwoofer, my impression of them in stores, and experience with a friend's ProMedia 4.1's (which neither I nor him really cared for, and which recently broke).I tried as many Logitech speakers as I could in many different situations and  decided I HATE ALL OF THEM (with the sole exception of the Z-5500's which I own and love)! The bass especially sucks on their speakers.I tried as many Logitech speakers as I could in many different situations and  decided I HATE ALL OF THEM (with the sole exception of the Z-5500's which I own and love)! The bass especially sucks on their speakers.So... through all this I eventually came to the conclusion that Altec Langsing was the brand I wanted to go with. And if that was so, it had to be the FX6021's which I had been eyeing for years. The first time I heard them in a store I declared them my favorite of the selection at the time and the same is still true. These are probably the best sub-$200 2.1 PC speakers you can buy. Even at their MSRP of $250 they're probably worth it. These speakers a very nice!So... through all this I eventually came to the conclusion that Altec Langsing was the brand I wanted to go with. And if that was so, it had to be the FX6021's which I had been eyeing for years. The first time I heard them in a store I declared them my favorite of the selection at the time and the same is still true. These are probably the best sub-$200 2.1 PC speakers you can buy. Even at their MSRP of $250 they're probably worth it. These speakers a very nice!The sound is very clear and sharp. Get ready to hear all the distortion in your low bitrate digital audio files. The speakers especially shine when listen to live recordings or anything that was produced by real instruments (i.e. not techno, though that sounds good too).The sound is very clear and sharp. Get ready to hear all the distortion in your low bitrate digital audio files. The speakers especially shine when listen to live recordings or anything that was produced by real instruments (i.e. not techno, though that sounds good too).Subwoofer is NOT "boomy" or "buzzy" like others have reported. I never use the equalizer in iTunes and have the bass at about half. It's very deep, rich, and discrete. Doesn't shake the floor or cause my neighbors to complain--yes, I live in an apartment too and bass is a concern of mine. For those who complain about the bass: maybe you shouldn't have gotten 2.1 speakers? Maybe your units were defective? Or perhaps the subwoofer was placed in a very poor position? I know sound is highly subjective, but those reviews just don't sound right to me.Subwoofer is NOT "boomy" or "buzzy" like others have reported. I never use the equalizer in iTunes and have the bass at about half. It's very deep, rich, and discrete. Doesn't shake the floor or cause my neighbors to complain--yes, I live in an apartment too and bass is a concern of mine. For those who complain about the bass: maybe you shouldn't have gotten 2.1 speakers? Maybe your units were defective? Or perhaps the subwoofer was placed in a very poor position? I know sound is highly subjective, but those reviews just don't sound right to me.PROs:* Tall, sleek, and sexy satellites provide a nice wall of sound and match the Cinema Display perfectly.* Bass and treble have a *large* range of adjustability. 50% of either is plenty enough for me.* Power button on control pod* This is important: NO BUZZING. Not while they're on, not while they off. 100% silent.* This is important: NO BUZZING. Not while they're on, not while they off. 100% silent.CONs:* Volume adjustment is digital and moves in "notches"; these notches aren't always small enough. I much prefer a regular analog knob.* Remote is a bit useless* While they look good and perform well, they feel a little cheap* Get ready for lots of cables hanging from your desk and all over the floor (on the other hand, long cables are a PRO as well)* Get ready for lots of cables hanging from your desk and all over the floor (on the other hand, long cables are a PRO as well)And finally, don't be fooled by specs. Yes, other speakers may have more watts of power and THX certification, but that really doesn't matter as much as it might seem. These are more than loud enough for any sane person (100% volume would probably wake up the neighborhood). I really didn't pay any attention to the specs, I bought them because they sound the best
 I've owned these Altec's for over three years now, and I have yet to ever coming close to replacing them - as a matter of fact, when facing the decision of buying another set of speakers for a new computer, I went ahead and still purchased these babies!I've owned these Altec's for over three years now, and I have yet to ever coming close to replacing them - as a matter of fact, when facing the decision of buying another set of speakers for a new computer, I went ahead and still purchased these babies!SOUND QUALITY --- the sound quality is very crisp and excellent overall - I have used mine for video editing, and I'm very pleased with how clear the dialogue audio has come through, in addition to the special effects sound - unless you need a five speaker system (or comparable) then I'm confident that this is the most crisp sound you'll find in any speakerSOUND QUALITY --- the sound quality is very crisp and excellent overall - I have used mine for video editing, and I'm very pleased with how clear the dialogue audio has come through, in addition to the special effects sound - unless you need a five speaker system (or comparable) then I'm confident that this is the most crisp sound you'll find in any speakerVOLUME --- these suckers can get LOUD - just take my word for itVOLUME --- these suckers can get LOUD - just take my word for itCOMPATIBILITY --- This is the part I love most - there is no software to install and no special plugs - the speakers plug right in, and very easily, into the audio jack, just like a pair of headphones would --- thus, hooking in a computer, iPod, cd-player, etc, is easy as heck, making these speakers extremely universal for any sound equipmentCOMPATIBILITY --- This is the part I love most - there is no software to install and no special plugs - the speakers plug right in, and very easily, into the audio jack, just like a pair of headphones would --- thus, hooking in a computer, iPod, cd-player, etc, is easy as heck, making these speakers extremely universal for any sound equipmentCONTROLS --- the speaker system comes with a seperate remote, giving one access to adjust the volume, bass, and treble, all seperately from the computer's controls -- the knob to control the volume, and other functions, is easy to use and makes for quick adjustmentsCONTROLS --- the speaker system comes with a seperate remote, giving one access to adjust the volume, bass, and treble, all seperately from the computer's controls -- the knob to control the volume, and other functions, is easy to use and makes for quick adjustmentsSIZE --- the speakers are extremely thin and the subwoofer is a very manageable size -- placing these speakers is easySIZE --- the speakers are extremely thin and the subwoofer is a very manageable size -- placing these speakers is easyPRICE --- believe me - it's a bargain at under $200!!!PRICE --- believe me - it's a bargain at under $200!!!Overall, I give my full recommendation here -- you'll love these speakers
 My sound improvement wasn't as dramatic as many people describe, likely because I already had my computer wired to a good reciever and speakers, but I did notice an improvement over the integrated system I have once I made some adjustments. If you listen to rock, pop, blues or jazz, this card can make everything seem a bit brighter and punchier. It also seems to improve Pandora internet radio streams even more than my mp3's, though I have to keep the volume at about 3/4 in the Pandora player to prevent distortion. If you mostly listen to classical on a good stereo, I'm not sure if this card will do much for the sound, but it might
 I wondered what kind of mouse I would get for $60.  I kept thinking, what could be so special about it.  Well, I don't know where to begin.  I like it so much, I'm getting ready to purchase another one just to use at work.  I used a Microsoft Explorer mouse prior and thought I'd never find a mouse that was as comforable to use and had all the extra buttons I needed.  This mouse completely puts the Explorer to shame.  It took me a few minutes to get used to how quickly it responds but I soon caught on.  I really didn't care for the glowing or the chameleon paint on it.  That's not why I got it, although it does look pretty cool.  As for gaming, I really didn't notice much improvment in my skill but it REALLY does feel better in your hand.  The bottom of the mouse it curved in so you can grip it much easier.I wondered what kind of mouse I would get for $60.  I kept thinking, what could be so special about it.  Well, I don't know where to begin.  I like it so much, I'm getting ready to purchase another one just to use at work.  I used a Microsoft Explorer mouse prior and thought I'd never find a mouse that was as comforable to use and had all the extra buttons I needed.  This mouse completely puts the Explorer to shame.  It took me a few minutes to get used to how quickly it responds but I soon caught on.  I really didn't care for the glowing or the chameleon paint on it.  That's not why I got it, although it does look pretty cool.  As for gaming, I really didn't notice much improvment in my skill but it REALLY does feel better in your hand.  The bottom of the mouse it curved in so you can grip it much easier.My only negative comment towards it is how cheesy the driver and gui is for it as it looks "homemade".My only negative comment towards it is how cheesy the driver and gui is for it as it looks "homemade".I would highly recommend this mouse for anyone who spends any time at all on a PC
 I got the Razor Diamondback a few months back and have been very pleased with it's performance.  For gaming it's great, but I do not recommended it for everyday mousing around. I got the Razor Diamondback a few months back and have been very pleased with it's performance.  For gaming it's great, but I do not recommended it for everyday mousing around. The resolution on the Diamondback was the selling point for me, and if that's something your interested in you will NOT be disappointed.  It's really super sensitive and has improved my accuracy quite a bit.  I do have a few gripes with it's design, but with 1600dpi that can be overlooked!  Oh, it looks cool when the lights are out the chameleon green paint is a trip.The resolution on the Diamondback was the selling point for me, and if that's something your interested in you will NOT be disappointed.  It's really super sensitive and has improved my accuracy quite a bit.  I do have a few gripes with it's design, but with 1600dpi that can be overlooked!  Oh, it looks cool when the lights are out the chameleon green paint is a trip.Design problems that I have noticed... Buttons squeak, button placement is not optimal, it's kinda small for people with big hands, programmable buttons take to much force to operate which can cause erratic mouse movement. If you have a second mouse to do your work with this makes a great gaming specific mouse, highly recommended
 I decided to upgrade my laptop with the wpc54gs from the wpc54g.  I did this because the "g" card would randomly disconnect when the WEP or WPA security was activated.  Living in a home near about 6 other networks I really wanted the router and wireless network secured.  So, I purchased this card to see if it would fix my problem.  I can happily say it solved the random disconnect with WPA security turned on.  The range is just fine and all my network connections seem solid.  Have not had a disconnect yet, over the last 5 hours.I decided to upgrade my laptop with the wpc54gs from the wpc54g.  I did this because the "g" card would randomly disconnect when the WEP or WPA security was activated.  Living in a home near about 6 other networks I really wanted the router and wireless network secured.  So, I purchased this card to see if it would fix my problem.  I can happily say it solved the random disconnect with WPA security turned on.  The range is just fine and all my network connections seem solid.  Have not had a disconnect yet, over the last 5 hours.The reason I took away one star is the fact on the Wireless Network Monitor V2.1 there seems to be a flaw.  When I connect to the network and internet the monitor says it is hooked to the network but unable to find the internet.  Obvious by my submission of this review, the internet can be found and used.The reason I took away one star is the fact on the Wireless Network Monitor V2.1 there seems to be a flaw.  When I connect to the network and internet the monitor says it is hooked to the network but unable to find the internet.  Obvious by my submission of this review, the internet can be found and used.All in all a good product that functions just fine in my A45-S121 Toshiba laptop.All in all a good product that functions just fine in my A45-S121 Toshiba laptop.Phil (Mesa, AZ
 This was easy to set-up and use. It receives the signal from the router in all the rooms in my house
 camera works great!  the first one I ordered did not function correctly but Amazon promptly replaced it.  resolution is good and audio is a great bonus that works very well.  a great feature for me that I found was not available on all other devices was the ability to have video stored on a network folder.  additionally, there is no software required to run this
 A device like this either works or it doesn't.  This one happens to work
 I had no problem with the product.  The directions were pretty simple.  I had no problem with the product.  The directions were pretty simple.  Problem:  I never received my rebate information!!!Problem:  I never received my rebate information!!!
 The first week I had these, the left earpiece's plastic "rails" which hold the earpiece in its slot broke.  The parts that seem to need the most strength structurally are fasioned with cheap plastic.The first week I had these, the left earpiece's plastic "rails" which hold the earpiece in its slot broke.  The parts that seem to need the most strength structurally are fasioned with cheap plastic.Sound quality is great, with music playing and noise cancelling active, a normal conversation is barely audible in the background; great for crowded offices.  Battery life is good, I've gotten 24+ hours using a NiMH rechargeable
 I ordered these headphones from Amazon based primarily on user reviews of a number of noise cancelling headphones. I am quite pleased with my purchase. Though not stellar audiophile quality, the sound is pretty darn good, and with some minor EQ it's excellent. The noise cancelling effect seems to work very well: much better than I expected. Furthermore, the headphones are very comfortable and seem to be solidly constructed. I highly recommend them
 I recently bought a new 6.0 megapixel digital camera (Canon PowerShot S3 IS) which came with an extremely small and  practically useless 16MB secure digital card so I bought a couple of these 1GB PNY PSD1GRF3 secure digital cards since they were on sale for less than $20 apiece.  These SD cards are made in Japan by Toshiba (they are then rebranded and sold by PNY, Lexar, DaneElec, etc.) and I have been very pleased with them so far.  They work flawlessly with no write-speed delay in my new camera while shooting still pictures or while shooting video with stereo sound, and the card reader in my HP Pavilion M7480N Media Center PC (running Windows XP Professional service pack 2) reads the pictures and video into my Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 and Premiere Elements 2.0 software programs with no problems.  The only drawback is that the read-speed on these standard SD cards is a bit slow when compared to the newer and faster SD cards...it takes several minutes to transfer all the pictures or video from a full 1GB card onto my PC...but I find this to be a small inconvenience rather than a big problem.  So, if a little longer read time is not a problem for you, then save yourself some money and buy this card.  Overall, a very good standard SD card at an excellent price!     
 There isn't too much to write about this except is delivers as stated.  Great product for the price
 I set up a small security program with my Macintosh. Intially I needed a PC to place the settings in the camera, however once I got it hooked up to my security system it works beautifully. I would recommend you leave the lights on though because if you don't you will be getting just a black, fuzzy dark image back if you are using this camera for security. This camera is a very simple easy to use camera without the fuss of zooming, pan, tilt etc. If you need a simple camera you can't go wrong with the D-link DCS-900 (Wireless or wired version)
 What can you say?  I placed my order with Amazon.com.  A few days later the product arrived at my door.  Perfect
 The quality of materials: zipper, hard case, strap and lightweight are outstanding. When I connected my MP3 player, thesound was impressive for a-carry along- portable stereo speaker.Next, I took the MP3 out of the speaker case and loaded my DT200V pocket radio; again the sound was very good and even loudat a low volume setting. Now the minor negatives: changing the volume, etc. requires going into the zipped case. Other than the ipod, be careful inselecting this speaker. The player, radio... cannot be more than 4" high, 2.5" wide and .75" thick; larger and you may not be able to zip closed the speaker case, which is necessary.My items just do fit. So the Quality Sound and Materials make this a fine product, especially for the money.OTHER PRODUCTS REVIEWS HAVE GREATLY HELPED ME DECIDE WHAT TO BUY, THIS IS WHY I DID THIS REVIEW. PLEASE DO THE SAME FOR OTHERS AS YOU BUY PRODUCTS.
 I bought this package purely for the keyboard. I wanted a new one with wireless technology and I was driven to Bluetooth just because it is so reliable. I do not use the keyboard and mouse together, however.I bought this package purely for the keyboard. I wanted a new one with wireless technology and I was driven to Bluetooth just because it is so reliable. I do not use the keyboard and mouse together, however.The keyboard is one of the most comfortable keyboards I've ever used. I am a computer programmer so having a nice keyboard is essential. The pad at the bottom is very comfortable and the keys are very well spaced and organized. The only real compliant is they cut some corners with the home, end, page up, page down, and delete keys. They moved them around from the conventional way which I still haven't gotten used to but it's fine.The keyboard is one of the most comfortable keyboards I've ever used. I am a computer programmer so having a nice keyboard is essential. The pad at the bottom is very comfortable and the keys are very well spaced and organized. The only real compliant is they cut some corners with the home, end, page up, page down, and delete keys. They moved them around from the conventional way which I still haven't gotten used to but it's fine.I have experience no lag with either the mouse or the keyboard. I play a game called StepMania (a sort of Dance Dance Revolution clone for PC) which requires very accurate timing with the keyboard. I've experienced no problems here, it's spot on and probably the fastest ever. The only problem, really, is it takes a while to register if you haven't use the keyboard for a while since it must turn back on from sleep mode and reconnect. After that however, there are no problems at all.I have experience no lag with either the mouse or the keyboard. I play a game called StepMania (a sort of Dance Dance Revolution clone for PC) which requires very accurate timing with the keyboard. I've experienced no problems here, it's spot on and probably the fastest ever. The only problem, really, is it takes a while to register if you haven't use the keyboard for a while since it must turn back on from sleep mode and reconnect. After that however, there are no problems at all.I do not use the mouse with the keyboard. I decided to use it as a mouse with my iBook since it had built-in bluetooth. I had absolutely no problems connecting the two devices and it works flawlessly. I don't use the mouse very much, but the times I do use it I experience no problems.I do not use the mouse with the keyboard. I decided to use it as a mouse with my iBook since it had built-in bluetooth. I had absolutely no problems connecting the two devices and it works flawlessly. I don't use the mouse very much, but the times I do use it I experience no problems.Both the range on the mouse and the keyboard are extremely nice. I can go anywhere in my room with either the mouse or keyboard and experience no problems.Both the range on the mouse and the keyboard are extremely nice. I can go anywhere in my room with either the mouse or keyboard and experience no problems.The battery life on the keyboard is also very nice, esspecially since it has the built-in sleep feature. I have had to replace the batteries once since I got the unit in January of 06 (currently June of 06). I have not had to replace the mouse batteries yet, but I do not use it very much.The battery life on the keyboard is also very nice, esspecially since it has the built-in sleep feature. I have had to replace the batteries once since I got the unit in January of 06 (currently June of 06). I have not had to replace the mouse batteries yet, but I do not use it very much.Others complained about not being able to use the keyboard in the BIOS or startup screens, but I haven't had any issues with that. It depends on how recent your motherboard is, and mine is relatively new so I had no problems.Others complained about not being able to use the keyboard in the BIOS or startup screens, but I haven't had any issues with that. It depends on how recent your motherboard is, and mine is relatively new so I had no problems.I highly recommend this setup to anyone wanting a wireless keyboard or mouse, or if you want to split and use the mouse with a laptop and keyboard with a desktop. Either way, you cannot go wrong with this package, it is extremely excellent
  i recently purchased these speakers for my patio setup.  the sound quality wont blow your mind, but it does not sound bad.  its large and lound enough to hear for an outdoor speaker for the price. it has a switch in the back for outdoor/indoor.  not really sure what that does.  very easy installation with the brackets included.  (no screws provided) overall great unit for thye pric
 I agree that these cables are way too expensive!! However that being said, they really do perform well.  I have been using them for almost a year and they are just solid.  Colors always look their best.  I know it was a silly purchase but my DVD's look great.
 Overall, a good phone. Low cost. Well built. Many features.  Speaker works OK for the price.  Features such as caller ID and the speaker phone are powered by batteries.  As stated by another reviewer a set of batteries only lasts a few months, even if you do not use the battery-powered speaker phone often.  This phone would be a great phone (for the price) if it did not use batteries, but was a plug-in model
 For a long time I was looking for a phone to use with skype.  For the price and convenience, Actiontec Internet phone wizard was the best I found and ordered it from Amazon ($42.99 with free shipping).  After receiving the modem I have been using it for almost a month now and I am extremely happy.  I have connected my codeless phone to it and everything seems to be working fine
 This headset is everything that I hoped it would be and the seller rates 100
 you can never go wrong with this paper. I always buy it here, the price in stores is outrageous
 My experince shows that it is always better to use paper from the same brand as your printer. Then the result is really outstanding print after print. The paper is really top quality and regardless of your needs it will satisfy them. Bravo Canon for this first class product
 Agree with the reviewer who called this a 'Perfect Product'.  It is.Agree with the reviewer who called this a 'Perfect Product'.  It is.a) Take it out of boxb) Plug it inc) You're networkedc) You're networkedElapsed time - approximate 15 seconds.Elapsed time - approximate 15 seconds.Compared to the pain I went through trying to get my SlingBox working with a Linksys game adapter, installing SlingLink renewed my faith in technology.  Awesome
 I purchased this to use with my newly acquired Slingbox Pro.  All I had to do was plug these into wall outlets and connect the Lan wires.  Worked like a charm...couldn't believe it was that easy.  Great performance and good price from Amazon
 Bottom line up front:Bottom line up front:Works very well, very low price, works much better with the included drivers than with the generic windows xp driverincluded drivers than with the generic windows xp driverDetailed review:Detailed review:I bought this so I could use my new Treo 700w with my non-bluetooth-enabled laptop.  The price was my main motivation in buying it.I bought this so I could use my new Treo 700w with my non-bluetooth-enabled laptop.  The price was my main motivation in buying it.Initially I just plugged it in and used the default windows xp drivers and it worked okay, however it didn't always work and i'd have to unplug/replug for my phone and the device to find and talk to each other.Initially I just plugged it in and used the default windows xp drivers and it worked okay, however it didn't always work and i'd have to unplug/replug for my phone and the device to find and talk to each other.After getting tired of that, I decided to install the drivers that ship with the product.  I've had a much better experience since i did that.  I was afraid the software would be really clunky given the cheap price, but it's actually quite good and gives you a TON of options that the standard XP driver does not provide.After getting tired of that, I decided to install the drivers that ship with the product.  I've had a much better experience since i did that.  I was afraid the software would be really clunky given the cheap price, but it's actually quite good and gives you a TON of options that the standard XP driver does not provide.If you use a this with a laptop and you dock/undock it, you'll have much better luck if you stop the adapter prior to docking/undocking.  Otherwise, you'll probably end up having to unplug/replug it
 This is a corded mouse; fits comfortably in your hand.  Moves smoothly across table surface; works well on a mousepad as well if you need wrist support.This is a corded mouse; fits comfortably in your hand.  Moves smoothly across table surface; works well on a mousepad as well if you need wrist support.Worked out of the box (except for the application button) for the different buttons on the mouse.  The Internet buttons allow for a page forward/ back with your thumb.  There are also line up/down buttonw above and below the scroll wheel that allow for more control in scrolling.Worked out of the box (except for the application button) for the different buttons on the mouse.  The Internet buttons allow for a page forward/ back with your thumb.  There are also line up/down buttonw above and below the scroll wheel that allow for more control in scrolling.The scroll wheel feel good, better than some other mice I have used.The scroll wheel feel good, better than some other mice I have used.I opted to use the native Windows XP mouse driver, so the application button does not work, but the Windows taskbar is not much of a hardship :-); and I prefer not to clutter up my system with another set of marginal utility software
 It has very good definition but is slow, even in the night is not that good and is slower
 While the product description states this battery is "Compatible with Motorola T5320, T5400, T5420, T5600, T5620, T5700, T5720, T5800, and T5820 2-way radios" the 53615 is compatible with many more.  To bad Amazon couldn't put this online for us.While the product description states this battery is "Compatible with Motorola T5320, T5400, T5420, T5600, T5620, T5700, T5720, T5800, and T5820 2-way radios" the 53615 is compatible with many more.  To bad Amazon couldn't put this online for us.From the packaging:T4800 SeriesT4900 SeriesT5000T5320T5400 SeriesT5500 SeriesT5600 SeriesT5700 SeriesT5800 SeriesT5900 SeriesT6500 SeriesFV500 SeriesFV500 Series
 I purchased this phone system as a gift. I set it up and used it extensively. The handsets have features that you are used to finding in a cell phone. Many different ring tones to choose from, the antenna lights up when a call comes in. You can even set special colors and ring tones for specific callers so you'll know when they're calling without picking up the handset.I purchased this phone system as a gift. I set it up and used it extensively. The handsets have features that you are used to finding in a cell phone. Many different ring tones to choose from, the antenna lights up when a call comes in. You can even set special colors and ring tones for specific callers so you'll know when they're calling without picking up the handset.Talking caller ID is great too. No more rushing to find the phone only to discover it's a sales pitch or a call that could wait.Talking caller ID is great too. No more rushing to find the phone only to discover it's a sales pitch or a call that could wait.I set this phone up on a voice over IP cable modem phone and the calls are loud and clear. I set this phone up on a voice over IP cable modem phone and the calls are loud and clear. The phone is running next to an 802.11b/g wireless computer network and has NO interference at all. The phone is running next to an 802.11b/g wireless computer network and has NO interference at all. One suggestion to make the batteries last longer: Do NOT leave the phone sitting in the charger all the time. This will basically be constantly charging the batteries and will wear them out MUCH faster. Instead leave the phone off the charger until the battery alert beeps and the phone displays "recharge" on the screen. Then let it get a full charge. You'll find that the batteries will not need to be replaced for a year or more instead of 6 months or so
 I was looking for a new pair of headphones to compliment my brand new ipod nano when I ran across these on a website. I was a little hesitant at first because I don't think I ever spent over $40 on a pair of headphones. I finally decided to invest in these because I spend most of my free time listening to music. I received these the other day, and immediately plugged them into my ipod. Please don't let the breaking in period discourage you! After these become comfortable, you will hear music you have never heard before even when you are listening to songs you have heard thousands of time.I was looking for a new pair of headphones to compliment my brand new ipod nano when I ran across these on a website. I was a little hesitant at first because I don't think I ever spent over $40 on a pair of headphones. I finally decided to invest in these because I spend most of my free time listening to music. I received these the other day, and immediately plugged them into my ipod. Please don't let the breaking in period discourage you! After these become comfortable, you will hear music you have never heard before even when you are listening to songs you have heard thousands of time.I started with all my heavy bass tracks, and couldn't believe how they sounded with these headphones. I then wanted to try some of my jazz and blues tracks to see how these tracks sounded. This is the first time in my life John Coltrane has given me goosebumps!I started with all my heavy bass tracks, and couldn't believe how they sounded with these headphones. I then wanted to try some of my jazz and blues tracks to see how these tracks sounded. This is the first time in my life John Coltrane has given me goosebumps!If you are debating on whether to spend this kind of money let me make it easy for you. If you are just a casual music listener, I would say just go with a good pair of cheap ones, you will save a lot of money. However if you are a passionate music lover and collector, these headphones will change your music completely. After getting comfortable with these, I would have paid much more than I actually did
 This is the Ultimate Ears Super fi model especially designed for "bassheads," featuring a disproportionately large bass driver complemented by a more conventional driver for the middle and high frequencies. I don't think UE would ever claim that what results is a balanced sound signature. Yes, the mids and highs are present and the quality is clean and reasonably detailed, but these frequencies are definitely recessed and with some kinds of music this can result in an unnatural kind of reproduction.This is the Ultimate Ears Super fi model especially designed for "bassheads," featuring a disproportionately large bass driver complemented by a more conventional driver for the middle and high frequencies. I don't think UE would ever claim that what results is a balanced sound signature. Yes, the mids and highs are present and the quality is clean and reasonably detailed, but these frequencies are definitely recessed and with some kinds of music this can result in an unnatural kind of reproduction.On the bright side, however, the bass reproduction is  marvelous. Not only is the quantity/extent of the bass frequencies as powerful as any headphones or earphones I've ever used, the quality is excellent. The bass is tight and pleasant, neither boomy nor thumpy. This overbalance toward bass frequencies renders the UE 5 EB's ideal for use when listening to music in which the bass is presented "front and center," including techno bass (aka "car audio bass"), drum n' bass, and many types of rap/hip-hop. For music in which the basslines are prominent but comprise part of a more balanced presentation overall, opinions will vary. With rock music, for example, the strong bass is certainly a plus, but I have found that sometimes the bass overpowers the middle frequencies too strongly, and some detail is lost.On the bright side, however, the bass reproduction is  marvelous. Not only is the quantity/extent of the bass frequencies as powerful as any headphones or earphones I've ever used, the quality is excellent. The bass is tight and pleasant, neither boomy nor thumpy. This overbalance toward bass frequencies renders the UE 5 EB's ideal for use when listening to music in which the bass is presented "front and center," including techno bass (aka "car audio bass"), drum n' bass, and many types of rap/hip-hop. For music in which the basslines are prominent but comprise part of a more balanced presentation overall, opinions will vary. With rock music, for example, the strong bass is certainly a plus, but I have found that sometimes the bass overpowers the middle frequencies too strongly, and some detail is lost.It should be noted that this bass-dominated sound signature renders the EB's a good choice for people who own iPods and feel that their music player is weak on bass. Without any EQ adjustment, the iPod suddenly is transformed into a player where the bass is PRESENT. It should be noted that this bass-dominated sound signature renders the EB's a good choice for people who own iPods and feel that their music player is weak on bass. Without any EQ adjustment, the iPod suddenly is transformed into a player where the bass is PRESENT. In terms of build, the EB's superficially seem well-constructed and designed. I have heard complaints, however, that the thinness of the wires and earpieces render them vulnerable to breakage. Be careful out there! Thoughtfully, EB has includes a variety of ear tips with these IEM's (including foam, flanged, and plain) so that users with different sized ear canals can get a good fit. The EB's don't extend deeply into the ear canal, which is a mixed blessing. On the one hand, this means that if you get a good fit of the earpiece into the entrance to the ear canal, comfort is good and isolation decent. However, if the fit is not quite right both comfort and isolation will prove frustrating. Making the right choice of ear tip is absolutely essential when using the EB's.In terms of build, the EB's superficially seem well-constructed and designed. I have heard complaints, however, that the thinness of the wires and earpieces render them vulnerable to breakage. Be careful out there! Thoughtfully, EB has includes a variety of ear tips with these IEM's (including foam, flanged, and plain) so that users with different sized ear canals can get a good fit. The EB's don't extend deeply into the ear canal, which is a mixed blessing. On the one hand, this means that if you get a good fit of the earpiece into the entrance to the ear canal, comfort is good and isolation decent. However, if the fit is not quite right both comfort and isolation will prove frustrating. Making the right choice of ear tip is absolutely essential when using the EB's.Oh, and some people think that the EB's look kind of strange when worn. Larger than the higher-priced Super fi 5 Pro model, the EB's stick out a bit. Your call as to whether this is a problem.Oh, and some people think that the EB's look kind of strange when worn. Larger than the higher-priced Super fi 5 Pro model, the EB's stick out a bit. Your call as to whether this is a problem.Like all of the UE IEM's in this series, the EB's are packaged with a nice set of accessories, including a 1/4" adapter plug, a sound attenuator, a soft travel case, an earwax loop, and a silvery metal storage case which includes a winder that helps head off what is always a problem with IEM's, cord tangling.Like all of the UE IEM's in this series, the EB's are packaged with a nice set of accessories, including a 1/4" adapter plug, a sound attenuator, a soft travel case, an earwax loop, and a silvery metal storage case which includes a winder that helps head off what is always a problem with IEM's, cord tangling.It's unlikely that the EB's will prove satisfactory as your "everyday" earphone unless you listen solely to bass-dominant types of music. The truth is, however, that even for bass-heavy music the overall sound signature of the Super fi 5 Pros is likely to be more satisfactory for most users (I own both). But as a second pair specifically for use with bass-y music, the EB's are well-designed and definitely fun
 we have this for our 30gb ipod and it works fine in both our cars.....very handy and a must buy!!
 This is the 2nd Gamepad I've owned (My first PC was in 1993).  The 1st gamepad was the Gravis Gamepad (4-button + D-Pad).  I recently upraded and there is no GAME/MIDI port on the new system, plus I need more buttons for Need For Speed Most Wanted, etc.This is the 2nd Gamepad I've owned (My first PC was in 1993).  The 1st gamepad was the Gravis Gamepad (4-button + D-Pad).  I recently upraded and there is no GAME/MIDI port on the new system, plus I need more buttons for Need For Speed Most Wanted, etc.I love this controller.  I've had it for two days and have had nothing but excellent results.  I've only used it in NFS games (I have them all).I love this controller.  I've had it for two days and have had nothing but excellent results.  I've only used it in NFS games (I have them all).The WiFi works flawlessly and I have a WiFi network in my house.  Installation is simple and takes maybe 3mins.The WiFi works flawlessly and I have a WiFi network in my house.  Installation is simple and takes maybe 3mins.The rumble only works on games which have forced feedback software. This is totally understandable.  The feedback in NFS-MW is very slight but that's not the controllers fault, it's a matter of programming by EA Games.The rumble only works on games which have forced feedback software. This is totally understandable.  The feedback in NFS-MW is very slight but that's not the controllers fault, it's a matter of programming by EA Games.I like the weight of the controller.  It's not feather light, so with that motor and battery weight added, it feels more like a premium device (just like the 67$ with tax I paid for it - canadian dollars).  I didn't like how my gravis gamepad as so light, so this is a step up.I like the weight of the controller.  It's not feather light, so with that motor and battery weight added, it feels more like a premium device (just like the 67$ with tax I paid for it - canadian dollars).  I didn't like how my gravis gamepad as so light, so this is a step up.The analog sticks are a great for racing as they are progressive like a steering wheel.  They are rubber gripped for non-slip action.  I am used to the D-Pad, so I have mine setup in NFS to use both as a directional control without having to press the MODE button to switch because you don't have time during a race to press a button before switching.The analog sticks are a great for racing as they are progressive like a steering wheel.  They are rubber gripped for non-slip action.  I am used to the D-Pad, so I have mine setup in NFS to use both as a directional control without having to press the MODE button to switch because you don't have time during a race to press a button before switching.It works as well as my old gamepad, but feels betetr and has extra buttons and the other features listed make it worth the money.  If you in the USA, you'll be getting a much better deal.  It lists for 60$ cnd here but only 30$ US in the states.It works as well as my old gamepad, but feels betetr and has extra buttons and the other features listed make it worth the money.  If you in the USA, you'll be getting a much better deal.  It lists for 60$ cnd here but only 30$ US in the states.CONS:CONS:It's not as comfortable to hold as I would like but its much better than my Gravis Gamepad and the buttons are easier to hit on the new one.It's not as comfortable to hold as I would like but its much better than my Gravis Gamepad and the buttons are easier to hit on the new one.CONCLUSION:CONCLUSION:I'm very satisfied overall and I knew I may have to get used to the way it feels when I hold this controller since changing from the old SNES style Gravis Gamepad.I'm very satisfied overall and I knew I may have to get used to the way it feels when I hold this controller since changing from the old SNES style Gravis Gamepad.4/5 rating only because it could be easier to hold
 We have had this phone for almost a year and I love it. We have the base station which is also an answereing machine  plus we have  a sattelite phone.  I wish we had more satelite phones.  I love the talking feature because I just listen and know who is calling. I also love the programming feature.  I never have to look aup a tel number that I call regularly anymore. I just wish the extra phones were not so expensive to add on. Great phone buy it
 The system worked out of the box allowing me to quickly link up additional devices in an in-home office which had a single network connection. Haven't measured simultaneous throughput to multiple computers yet, but from simple observation connectivity seems transparent. Should allow for movement to gigabit switching in the future as well
 This cable is of the best quality, quick shipment and at a price that beats all the retail stores - you can't go wrong
 I did buy a set of 2 "Base station and extra handset". Its a great design, tons of features, MP3 ring ton, Picture Caller ID, Sync with your PC for phone book, Answering machine, etc.I am very happy with.Thank you so much for such great product with a great price
 I work at a home office so I am on the phone lot.  I always buy cordless phones I can use with a headset so I can have both arms free while I talk with a min of background noise intrusion. In other words, I don't talk with the phone cradled between my shoulder and ear. And I don't use speaker phone features. Let's just get that out of the way now since those are things some have complained about that I couldn't care less about.I work at a home office so I am on the phone lot.  I always buy cordless phones I can use with a headset so I can have both arms free while I talk with a min of background noise intrusion. In other words, I don't talk with the phone cradled between my shoulder and ear. And I don't use speaker phone features. Let's just get that out of the way now since those are things some have complained about that I couldn't care less about.This phone first of all looks good and FEELS good. It was built with high quality plastics and metals on all surfaces. It has a nice solid weight to itself. Nothing tacky or cheap about it. It looks far better in person than it ever did in pictures. And it looks pretty good in pictures. I like how the bases are designed such that the antennas serve a double purpose as cradle supports for when the phone is docked. Clever design. The charging base light and back-lit buttons all look very slick.This phone first of all looks good and FEELS good. It was built with high quality plastics and metals on all surfaces. It has a nice solid weight to itself. Nothing tacky or cheap about it. It looks far better in person than it ever did in pictures. And it looks pretty good in pictures. I like how the bases are designed such that the antennas serve a double purpose as cradle supports for when the phone is docked. Clever design. The charging base light and back-lit buttons all look very slick.The screen is attractive. A big step up from back-lit LCDs or no screen at all like my previous phone.The screen is attractive. A big step up from back-lit LCDs or no screen at all like my previous phone.I like that you can very quickly find and hit Mute, adjust volume, and page through your caller history.I like that you can very quickly find and hit Mute, adjust volume, and page through your caller history.The belt clip goes deep so the phone stays snugly attached to you pocket when you are walking around.The belt clip goes deep so the phone stays snugly attached to you pocket when you are walking around.I know many 5.8 GHz phones don't mention that only one direction of communication is at that frequency vs. both directions (as 2.4 GHz sometimes gets used too). I don't know for sure if this phone falls into that category, but I was in the market for a 5.8 GHz phone to avoid interference with my WiFi networks as well as to avoid microwave oven interference with my calls.  One thing's for sure: this phone definitely is immune from MY microwave oven. In the past when I was on a call heating up my coffee, static and voice quality went way down unless I got far away from the oven. With this new phone I can stand right by it while on High w/o ANY impact on voice quality.I know many 5.8 GHz phones don't mention that only one direction of communication is at that frequency vs. both directions (as 2.4 GHz sometimes gets used too). I don't know for sure if this phone falls into that category, but I was in the market for a 5.8 GHz phone to avoid interference with my WiFi networks as well as to avoid microwave oven interference with my calls.  One thing's for sure: this phone definitely is immune from MY microwave oven. In the past when I was on a call heating up my coffee, static and voice quality went way down unless I got far away from the oven. With this new phone I can stand right by it while on High w/o ANY impact on voice quality.One other very cool feature is the spare battery charger. While it's nice that the battery can replace a unit that runs down in a handset right away, the best part is if you have a power failure. Your phone will keep truckin' and there is never a need to replace that battery with some short lived 9volt waste of time.One other very cool feature is the spare battery charger. While it's nice that the battery can replace a unit that runs down in a handset right away, the best part is if you have a power failure. Your phone will keep truckin' and there is never a need to replace that battery with some short lived 9volt waste of time.Finally, I like how the phone by a bedside basically doubles as a digital clock. The phone base unit picks up the current time from the caller ID info provided by the phone company and uses that info to automatically set and broadcast the current time to all headsets and base station. No need to manually set the clock. And when not in use, sitting it is dock, the phone's screen displays the time.Finally, I like how the phone by a bedside basically doubles as a digital clock. The phone base unit picks up the current time from the caller ID info provided by the phone company and uses that info to automatically set and broadcast the current time to all headsets and base station. No need to manually set the clock. And when not in use, sitting it is dock, the phone's screen displays the time.So far I've found the voice quality to be best of any cordless phone I've owned
 I bought this for my kids computer when I bought a new one for hubby and myself... these speakers sound better then the more expensive ones I have....    I highly recommend these speaker
 i wanted a top quality palm with the bells and whistles.  this is pretty close to it but i had a few problems with the email and web features.  granted i am not a techie, but connecting and checking email should be more straightforward.  all the other features are top notch and overall i love my palm
 I purchased this item for a long trip so I could charge and/or play my Zen mp3 player in the car without worrying about battery life on the trip. It worked great. I am also planning to use it for my notebook in the car the same way because the car adapter for my notebook costs $100
 I have searched and searched and searched for a pair of portable headphones that sound as good as these with lots of failure. IMO, you cannot beat the sound of a set of &quot;over-the-head&quot; headphones. I have tried all styles: earbuds, behind the neck, clips, even the ear plugs. Nothing gives the sound and comfort of the KTX Pros (granted, I have never tried the sportapros or portapros, but from what I have read, they are the same headphone. Except they are UGLY!). The KTX Pros have both great lows and great highs. Plus, you can't beat that price
 For the price is is great.it's working fine but the plastic is not solid and has a feeling of low quality. 
 I thought that this flash drive was above average in performance. Works well between a Macintosh and a PC. I liked the feature--missing from my last flash drive--of easily emptying the drive after use without having to some fancy erasing techniques. In other words, the PNY worked like a real hard drive. I would like the manufacuters to explain in detail how to attach the tread to the laniard. It took me a while to figure it out
 With so many of these ipod speaker docks on the market, it was sort of struggle to decide.  Ultimately, I felt very comfortable going with the Bose brand.  Plus, in my opinion, this is about the sleakest and best-looking unit out there (I went with black; I'm not an Apple-white drone).  The sound is very, very good for small to medium size spaces.  There are not a lot of features to the unit, which I think is a good thing - it just focuses on the sound and the small footprint.  Mini remote control work well and again the small size makes it unimposing in this world of too many remotes.  Power cord is plenty long and I like the fact I can easily move the thing to a different room if I need music there
 Well, the bose sounddock is a wonderful music dock.  Its VERY simple. just put your ipod on there and ROCK OUT TO THE BEAT. The bose quality is very obvious, and it looks like you could spend 300 dollars on it, which brings me to my next point. ITS TOO EXPENSIVE. my recomendation is to buy an FM transmitter and listend to your ipod on any Fm raido.  The only disadvantage of an Fm transmitter to this is that this will charge your ipod, and its slightly easier(but thats what iPod is all about, isnt it...?)Well, the bose sounddock is a wonderful music dock.  Its VERY simple. just put your ipod on there and ROCK OUT TO THE BEAT. The bose quality is very obvious, and it looks like you could spend 300 dollars on it, which brings me to my next point. ITS TOO EXPENSIVE. my recomendation is to buy an FM transmitter and listend to your ipod on any Fm raido.  The only disadvantage of an Fm transmitter to this is that this will charge your ipod, and its slightly easier(but thats what iPod is all about, isnt it...?)Basically, im saying buy it if you have a lot of mone
 I'm a jogger, and like to listen to All Things Considered while I run miles and miles. This radio is great because the light weight is unobtrusive. It has a convenient "lock" button to prevent accidentally changing the station with a bump. I previously had a similar size unit from Aiwa, this Sony has MUCH MUCH better reception
 This works well, allows you to view imported photos, but it is a slow proccess best left for the hotel room. Just plan on taking plenty of batteries and the charger for your ipod.
 This card is the largest size that will allow clean video with FinePix cameras from 2004 or earlier.  The picture-to-picture lag time is minimal with this card and video is excellent. This card is the largest size that will allow clean video with FinePix cameras from 2004 or earlier.  The picture-to-picture lag time is minimal with this card and video is excellent. From Fuji Website - "NOTE: for owners of FinePix cameras made before 2004, check notice below for the operating compatibility of older FinePix cameras with Type M and H.
 I was devout in my belief that I could get similar photo output from my Canon S800 with less expensive paper.  I bought those big boxes of 100 sheets of Kodak's photo quality glossy from Costco.  My prints were blotchy.  Then I got my hands on some of Canon's Photo Paper Pro, and my pictures were magically crystal clear.  The difference is amazing.  I never would've thought paper would make this much difference.  I've since bought Canon's 15 sheet packs multiple times.  I now use the Kodak stuff for drafts or to give prints to people who don't care much about the quality of the output, while I save the Canon Photo Paper Pro for prints we want to frame
 This stick is fantastic for high resolution photos and is lightning quick. Do you need the extra speed the MSX-M1GN gives you? Maybe, maybe not. But at least you have it when and if you need the feature. Highly recommend it for the money. 
 Those people giving these speakers low reviews because they don't have enough bass are idiots.  I don't know what people expect of these little speakers, but it is difficult to imagine them delivering as much bass as they do.  These are amazing little speakers that have accompanied me in all of my travels; from Paris to camping in Northern California.  I cannot imagine going everywhere without them.  They are not  equivalent to a $10k stereo system, but they are not meant to be.  All I need is my Zen touch or Zen micro and these speakers.  Do not listen to the other reviews, these speakers will make a decent stereo of your MP3 player.  Enjoy them anywhere
 I have used VoSKY Skype Call Center (USB07051C-01) for about a year now as my only home Skype In phone (paying $3.16 a month) after getting rid of Verizon (for which I was paying $50.00 a month).I have used VoSKY Skype Call Center (USB07051C-01) for about a year now as my only home Skype In phone (paying $3.16 a month) after getting rid of Verizon (for which I was paying $50.00 a month).PROSIt works most of the time although sound quality is not as good as regular phone.Easy to set up.Easy to set up.CONSOnce in a while the phone will keep on ringing even after you hang up and then you have to exit out of the Vosky software and start again.You need a computer.You need a computer.In summary good value for money and the best way to use Skype as your phone until phones that can be used without computer like Skype Wi-Fi phones Netgear and Belkin come down in cost and their bugs are worked out; or a phone adapter like this product comes out that plugs directly to the router
 Although I could go on and on about how Skype has changed my life forever, I will try to address the issue at hand, and that is the Polycom Communicator.  Basically I love the concept of the Polycom Communicator!  When I first started using Skype I used a USB headset that works great.  The problem is that it is a serious PITA to put the thing on when someone calls because I have to either a. Try to untangle the cord before accepting the skype connection, or b. answer the skype connection then try to untangle the cord.  If I chose option a. envariably I would miss half the calls, if I chose option b. everyone would always comment that I sounded so desheveled when I tried to answer the call.  Well, now with the new Polycom communicator all I have to do is answer the call.Although I could go on and on about how Skype has changed my life forever, I will try to address the issue at hand, and that is the Polycom Communicator.  Basically I love the concept of the Polycom Communicator!  When I first started using Skype I used a USB headset that works great.  The problem is that it is a serious PITA to put the thing on when someone calls because I have to either a. Try to untangle the cord before accepting the skype connection, or b. answer the skype connection then try to untangle the cord.  If I chose option a. envariably I would miss half the calls, if I chose option b. everyone would always comment that I sounded so desheveled when I tried to answer the call.  Well, now with the new Polycom communicator all I have to do is answer the call.As far as the quality and performance of the Polycom communicator...that is the only reason I didn't give the item 4 stars.  It seems ocasionally that when you are in large conference calls that the Polycom communicator will cause feedback to other peoples lines.  It is really sporadic though, and I can't seem to reproduce it consistently.  Also, the driver for the Polycom Communicator has crashed on me a couple of times.As far as the quality and performance of the Polycom communicator...that is the only reason I didn't give the item 4 stars.  It seems ocasionally that when you are in large conference calls that the Polycom communicator will cause feedback to other peoples lines.  It is really sporadic though, and I can't seem to reproduce it consistently.  Also, the driver for the Polycom Communicator has crashed on me a couple of times.So despite the downfalls that I mentioned above, there is no way I could give up my Polycom Communicator now.  I simply love it, I just wish those other issues never happened
 Well, actually I bought this nice cable, at Amazon Marketplace great offering that it was, for an HDTV Tuner, which bombed in my neighborhood. So, I never did get to unpack the cable. But it's in the closet, and it knows it's a good cable. Great cable, @ great price, thru Amazon
 I'm a Creative fan so these are the first Logitech speakers I ever bought and I was pleasantly surprised. I was looking for a set of speakers for my laptop but since the portable models are more expensive (and probably will not sound as good since being portable means no sub-woofer) I decided for this not-as-portable model.Well, these are perfect to keep on your desktop (though the ideal placement of any sub-woofer is on the floor close to a corner), as it has a small sized sub-woofer all controls in one the speakers.Well, these are perfect to keep on your desktop (though the ideal placement of any sub-woofer is on the floor close to a corner), as it has a small sized sub-woofer all controls in one the speakers.These speakers sound really nice, slightly superior sound to Creative's corresponding model (SBS 350) but with less output power (Creative's SBS 350 sub-woofer is larger and more powerful)These speakers sound really nice, slightly superior sound to Creative's corresponding model (SBS 350) but with less output power (Creative's SBS 350 sub-woofer is larger and more powerful)Pros:Pros:- Headphone jack and POWER button in the left speaker- No "wired remote" (which adds more clutter to your desktop)- Nice design for the price- Even cheaper than Creative's SBS 350- Even cheaper than Creative's SBS 350- Even cheaper than Creative's SBS 350Cons:Cons:- Small sub-woofer- No "wired remote" which means you have to keep one of the speakers close.- No bass control (which usually means too much bass if your audio source has no equalization control
 I bought one of these to replace the standard 32MB card that came with my camera. Wow, now I can store a ton of pictures. The price on the EP Memory cards are awesome too
 I have the Quest 2, but I've heard that this also fits the Quest. I bought it because, while my Dell laptop backpack is well padded, I wanted to make sure that my Quest 2 GPS was protected "just in case". This case fits perfectly, literally like a glove. When I got it, I was sceptical; it looked to small, but I was wrong; the dimensions are perfect. And there is more than enough padding to protect the GPS from harm, yet it is small enough to stick in a jacket pocket, which I sometimes have to (late day meetings where I leave my backpack at work). All in all, it's another great product from Garmin
 I have been using these fans for the stalls in our horse barn for years. It keeps the flies away and cools down the whole barn. The barn is dusty and the fans collect a lot of dirt. I wash them down each year and they are like new. The fans I have now are on their third barn year. In a normal house I'm sure they would last forever. They are a little noisy, but the horses don't care
 I purchased this dashmount so I could swap the GPS between vehicles without having to install a permanent mount.  I don't know what the "feet" of the base is made of, but it is basically like a rubber version of a lead blanket - it is heavy yet is very pliable.  This is useful since my dash (a 2004 F-250) has an uneven surface.  I can press and mold the feet to put the base in a certain position and under most circumstances it'll stay there.  Occasionally, on long or "bouncy" trips, it'll creep out of position a couple inches and I'll have to move it back.  I've seen some comments complaining of that - but I don't see it as a problem since common sense says it won't stay perfectly still since it isn't bolted in place.  Overall this mount has worked very well.I purchased this dashmount so I could swap the GPS between vehicles without having to install a permanent mount.  I don't know what the "feet" of the base is made of, but it is basically like a rubber version of a lead blanket - it is heavy yet is very pliable.  This is useful since my dash (a 2004 F-250) has an uneven surface.  I can press and mold the feet to put the base in a certain position and under most circumstances it'll stay there.  Occasionally, on long or "bouncy" trips, it'll creep out of position a couple inches and I'll have to move it back.  I've seen some comments complaining of that - but I don't see it as a problem since common sense says it won't stay perfectly still since it isn't bolted in place.  Overall this mount has worked very well.My wife is going on a business trip next week and will be borrowing the GPS - I don't recommend she take the mount though - since the thing must way at least a couple pounds - too bulky and heavy to put in a suit case in my opinion
 I got the dash mount because a friend recommended it.  I thought the windshield mount worked fine except it was difficult to remove from the windshield.  I felt like I should remove it each time I parked somewhere.  Also, there was a fair amount of vibration since it usually was dangling. The dash mount is very heavy and flexible enough to "mold" to fit the surface of the dash.  However, it kept slipping off the surface of my Toyota Avalon until I found a little sticky pad to put it on.  That solved that problem.  Anyway, it is very easy to move it to the floorboard and cover it up when I stop, thus effectively hiding it from the temtation of a robber
 This is my first HOTAS, but I did a good bit of research.  It is very easy to set up, and the SST Programming is very helpful setting the shift key.  The joystick is easy to move, which is nice in a close dogfight.  I am very glad that I bought this HOTAS, because I have had NO problems with it.  I highly recommend this system to anyone
 ...for a surge protector.  But as far as I can tell, it's doing its job.  Plus it looks kind of neat
 We bought this drum set for our 2 year old who is obsessed with the concept of drumming & marching.  This is a first class set and as noted is almost too nice.  This is a huge step above the tupperware and pan lids our little guy used to use for his personal parades.  The drum is a bit heavy,large, cumbersonme for a two year old and of course is LOUD.  The cymbals are also loud but do have a professional sound quality. Do recommend this purchase. It does come a bit steep at $30 but is a very nice looking and performing set.  If you little one gets hooked on drumming via the pots and pans, spoil him/her with this first-class set that they should be able to use well into their childhood
 I found this as the perfect solution to fill in some dead airt space in my house downstairs given the internet connection is upstairs and so far, other wireless solutions have been marginal. I really wondered if the Ethernet over powerlines would really work or if the 802.11G would really work. I found this as the perfect solution to fill in some dead airt space in my house downstairs given the internet connection is upstairs and so far, other wireless solutions have been marginal. I really wondered if the Ethernet over powerlines would really work or if the 802.11G would really work. So I get my new Extender kit, unbox it and plug everything in without bothering to read the directions. Lets be real, this stuff SHOULD be plug and play and IT WAS. It came right up and worked and has worked for the past three months flawlessly. I have decent range downstairs, it works with the Macs and the PCs and doesnt seem to care a whit. I can highly recommend using this product as the primary connection or as I did, extending an existing network without having to pull cable or put in multiple 802.11 bridges
 I have had no problems with my Mini Cruzer USB flash drive. It has been recognized without exception by multiple computers and has performed flawlessly
 I actually bought this for a friend of my mine. He says 'Sony Never Disappoints'
 If you've got a Treo 650, You Don't Need A GPS Device.  Simple as that.  The smaller-than-a-small-filet-mignon gps device talks via bluetooth to your 650, which attaches to your windshield via a well-engineered holster.  The charger charges 'em both, or not, as you see fit.  The instructions are clear and to the point.  The installation instructions are slightly out of date - you don't need a card reader to make it happen, after all - and the user experience is, in my case, outstanding.  If you've got a 650 and you ever drive somewhere unfamiliar, BUY IT
 When I purchased this product a couple weeks ago I wanted to make sure this purchase was worthwhile.  I studied many other speaker stands and it just didn't seem I would have been getting the same quality. When I purchased this product a couple weeks ago I wanted to make sure this purchase was worthwhile.  I studied many other speaker stands and it just didn't seem I would have been getting the same quality. I received this pair a few days ago and originally thought they may be a little complicated to put together.  They only took about twenty minutes to assemble and put my cube speakers on.  The stands look great and go well with the cube speakers.  I am happy I made this investment and will enjoy these for years to come. 
 I have this drive and been sucessfully using it with Backup on my Mac. I would recomend it for off line storag
 just enough space to save video, photo, music etc... all your files in one place and also is compatible with mac... i love it.
 Look around in your local electronics stores and you'll find either HUGELY expensive players or single tape units.Look around in your local electronics stores and you'll find either HUGELY expensive players or single tape units.This player allows tape-to-tape duplication as well as the ability to put two of your old collection in and listen uninterrupted.  Sure, it's not a 100-disk CD carousel...but how else are you going to listen to some of your best stuff (that you probably taped yourself?). This, or the other TEAC dual-cassette units, should find a place on your shelf
 After having used CRTs roughly the size of small cars for my entire life, I finally jumped on the LCD-flatscreen bandwagon. This Acer 19" LCD makes me happy I did!After having used CRTs roughly the size of small cars for my entire life, I finally jumped on the LCD-flatscreen bandwagon. This Acer 19" LCD makes me happy I did!Mostly using my computer for gaming and movies the color, brightness, and size of the screen really matters to me. This monitor really nails all three of those areas. It provides vivid, crisp colors; it doesn't wash out the picture with super-brightness (what my old monitor did), nor is its display too dark to catch the action; and the 19" screen seems to have the perfect balance of immense screen size yet incredibly low desk size
 Monster has went over the top on this THX component video cable. Instantly noticed a superior picture
 e'nuf said - Epson always leads the way with printers and papers.  You can't go wrong!!!e'nuf said - Epson always leads the way with printers and papers.  You can't go wrong!!!Order was filled exactly as requested, and arrived in better than expected time.  The packaging was excellent.Order was filled exactly as requested, and arrived in better than expected time.  The packaging was excellent.I'll be back for more soon
 I have bought 2 packages of them, 100 sheet each. Quite satisfied.The printing are really excellent and professional.
 I bought this paper after my mom gave me a box of Epson 8.5x11 paper she didn't need.  I was really impressed by the quality of the pictures rendered on that paper by my printer.  When the paper ran out I looked for an economical replacement and found the price of most photo papers to be prohibitive - on the order of 40 cents per page.  Since you can only get 2 4x6 pics from a letter-sized sheet of paper, that comes to about 20 cents per print, not counting the cost of ink.  Finally I stumbled upon this paper - Epson S041727 - and the price per print was around 12 cents, which rivals the cheapest Internet photo printing services I've found.I bought this paper after my mom gave me a box of Epson 8.5x11 paper she didn't need.  I was really impressed by the quality of the pictures rendered on that paper by my printer.  When the paper ran out I looked for an economical replacement and found the price of most photo papers to be prohibitive - on the order of 40 cents per page.  Since you can only get 2 4x6 pics from a letter-sized sheet of paper, that comes to about 20 cents per print, not counting the cost of ink.  Finally I stumbled upon this paper - Epson S041727 - and the price per print was around 12 cents, which rivals the cheapest Internet photo printing services I've found.If you print a lot of 4x6 pictures, this is a great value for a great product
 Hands down Epson Paper is the best photo paper on the market.At this price its a no brainer.A++++++++++
 This adapter is functional, is easy to use, enables continued use of backlight, and saves the batteries for walking with the eMap after arriving in a strange town. When I want to connect other media while driving with my  family, I use a 12v 3-Outlet Car Power Adapter. Despite another wire, it's a worthwhile accessory
 I have no complaints about this flash drive.  It does what it should, is easy to use, has enough storage to backup all my digital pics from my hard drive (so far!), and is not expensive.
 Yup... They connect my cable modem to my router, and my router to my computers. They transmit data back and forth. So far they have failed to burst into flames or snap off and poke me in the eye. So go patch cables (yay).
 I love it but its been a battle trying to get used to the sensetivity and pressure of holding the pen. I'm glad I bought it but it is something I cannot use all the time
 This has helped me significantly in drawing in the computer, for programs such as Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop and Macromedia Flash. Drawing with a mouse is like drawing with a brick - so buy this piece of equipment if you need to draw in the computer!This has helped me significantly in drawing in the computer, for programs such as Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop and Macromedia Flash. Drawing with a mouse is like drawing with a brick - so buy this piece of equipment if you need to draw in the computer!It also works well as an overall mouse for your computer. It even comes with a mouse if you prefer to use that instead of the pen. Plugs right into your USB drive and works almost instantly
 I bought this to illuminate the keyboard on my 12" Apple Powerbook when I work in the dark.  It works well, and shines impressively bright and wide.  I even use it to read by simply sitting it on its back on my lap as I read in bed and pointing the lamp at my book.  It's too bad the lamp's arm isn't telescopic or it'd make for a perfectly good clip-on booklight right out of the box.I bought this to illuminate the keyboard on my 12" Apple Powerbook when I work in the dark.  It works well, and shines impressively bright and wide.  I even use it to read by simply sitting it on its back on my lap as I read in bed and pointing the lamp at my book.  It's too bad the lamp's arm isn't telescopic or it'd make for a perfectly good clip-on booklight right out of the box.This device is well built, folds into a form that protects it from damage, even when thrown in a laptop case full of stuff that might crush something built less solidly.  And it has a nice retracting USB cable.  The retraction device for the cable, like most I've seen on devices like this, can be a bit finnicky but with the right pulling technique works correctly about 90% of the time.This device is well built, folds into a form that protects it from damage, even when thrown in a laptop case full of stuff that might crush something built less solidly.  And it has a nice retracting USB cable.  The retraction device for the cable, like most I've seen on devices like this, can be a bit finnicky but with the right pulling technique works correctly about 90% of the time.Update, May, 2005.  The light died.  No idea why.  So, maybe it's not as good as I thought.  :
 ...to really take advandage of this. Installation was super easy, although I ran into the TI thing like another reviewer. Oh well. Not much more I can say about this product; it works and that's all that really matters
 I found this device to be relatively easy and comfortable to use (one-handed, no less), and accurate to within 15' +/- under tree cover of greater than 90% mature alder and fir - once locked onto satellites under clearer overhead conditions in Seattle WA and using an external Gilsson antenna mounted atop a hat.  Satellite aquisition under the trees did not happen the few times I tried.  The display is excellent under sunny conditions.  Downloading waypoint data into a text file was simple.  I haven't used it yet under driving conditions, so I can't speak to using related features.  Were it damaged or stolen, I'd buy another one without hesitation
 There are so many times where the actual ink, can be the difference between a good copy, and a not-so-good copy on paper. With HP black ink cartridge #21, it is very convient, and easy to setup into your HP deskjet 3930 series printer. This cartridge is very inexpensive, and affordable for HP printers. I think of it as a must for your HP printers. While there are cartridges that are difficult to open, and install into your printers, this one installs in a snap. I really recommend this for my new HP printer, and so will you if you own a HP printer for this ink as well.There are so many times where the actual ink, can be the difference between a good copy, and a not-so-good copy on paper. With HP black ink cartridge #21, it is very convient, and easy to setup into your HP deskjet 3930 series printer. This cartridge is very inexpensive, and affordable for HP printers. I think of it as a must for your HP printers. While there are cartridges that are difficult to open, and install into your printers, this one installs in a snap. I really recommend this for my new HP printer, and so will you if you own a HP printer for this ink as well.Price: BPrice: BConvience: B+Convience: B+Overall: B 1/2+
 It works with all my devices, it has several outputs for your different devices, no complain with it...It works with all my devices, it has several outputs for your different devices, no complain with it...It works with all my devices, it has several outputs for your different devices, no complain with it...
 So far it has been terrific. Radio and downloads are easy to sort out and use.Downloading was hard, but I finally got it. The sound quality is the best thing, however. It is better than my big stereo.Napster doesn't do this mp3 however
 Let's just say I am 39 and holding and have wanted an MP3 for years. My birthday was last week and I bought myslef the pink 4GB Nano. It is easy to use, but I have to agree it takes some time on itunes to import CD's, the ipod updates fast but the CD import is slow. The sound quality is good. I like that it is small and lightweight. The screen is bright and easy to read...even with not so young eyes. I looked at other brands but am glad I went with the leader. I didn't need or want to watch movies on a tiny screen...just tunes. I'm sure 1000 songs will hold me. Let's just say I am 39 and holding and have wanted an MP3 for years. My birthday was last week and I bought myslef the pink 4GB Nano. It is easy to use, but I have to agree it takes some time on itunes to import CD's, the ipod updates fast but the CD import is slow. The sound quality is good. I like that it is small and lightweight. The screen is bright and easy to read...even with not so young eyes. I looked at other brands but am glad I went with the leader. I didn't need or want to watch movies on a tiny screen...just tunes. I'm sure 1000 songs will hold me. I looked all over at prices and Amazon wins! The free shipping is a great bonus also.I looked all over at prices and Amazon wins! The free shipping is a great bonus also.The case may look delicate but it feels very sturdy to me, I have had it in my pocket and it is just fine. Would highly recommend this MP3. It is cute to boot! This not so young person thinks it is WAY COOL
 I had been storing my music on a 2GB card in my palm pilot. I was having a lot of trouble transferring the music, with many errors, not to mention how long it took to transfer. I finally decided to get an MP3 player. A friend kept telling me about the Sandisk Sanso. There were some great features, but the bad far, far outweighed the good. Too many of the same problems over and over, and many people returning them. I got my Apple iPod last night and have hardly put it down! I did a lot of research first and was hard pressesd to find negative feedback about this item. This thing is great! I was up till 3AM listening to my music. The sound quality is so much better than I had expected! I really like the case I got (Tuffwrap Accent by XtremeMac- Walmart and Radio Shack) because it is really tough rubber and all of the holes are in the right place for the new nano. The only thing is that the unit does not slide up into it completely because of the square corners of the nano. The case has more rounded corners in the top, so the nano does not line up just right in the case. It is good enough and you can still use the controls. It is only about a 1/4 of an inch at most. I am just picky about it lining up correctly so this is a bit annoying. But the case is still great as far as protection. I also bought the Belkin TuneBase FM transmitter for the car. It is similar to the Monster version. I did not like the Belkin version at all. I ended up going and getting the Monster FM transmitter at Radio Shack. It works great! I like the fact that my Ipod lays in the console rather than sitting in a dock (some of you may prefer the dock). I like that I can pick up the Ipod and use it sort of like a remote to the radio because I can operate it easily without looking down at the dock. I can even hold it while driving if I want to flip through the songs while driving rather than having to reach over to the dock. The sound of this transmitter is great. Some areas you might get a bit of static or station bleed through while driving, but this is minimal and is usually not a problem. I find this happened a lot less with Monster than with the Belkin. The Belkin had a nasty hiss over all of the songs. People are talking about this unit not having a radio on it, but I find that I have so many favorite songs on it that I do not need a radio. When I do have a radio, all I do is channel surf for songs I like anyway. This way, I already have all the songs I like at my fingertips!I think these headphones really make this nano great! I was so surprised when I first heard this little unit play! For something so tiny, it rocks! I am really glad I followed my gut and went with this unit instead of dealing with frustration first by getting the Sanso. This new nano is a must have!
 Well the most important thing about buying ink and toner for your printer is price, and Amazon.com has beaten every on-line price I have seen. As for the toner itself, Hewlett Packard toner is top. I buy this product for two  reasons, 1. It's what fits in my printer, and 2. I know when I buy the  C3906A, I am getting what I payed for, a quality cartrige that lasts. One  last note, twords the end of the cartrige life, a small line appears in the  content of my page letting me know its allmost time for a new one. simply  shake the cartrige, reorder, and by the time the new one arrives, the old  one is finished
 I'm not much of a techie.  But, I do have lots of documents and pictures that I can't bear to lose should my computer decide to konk out one day.  I'm not much of a techie.  But, I do have lots of documents and pictures that I can't bear to lose should my computer decide to konk out one day.  I used to back up my most important files on CD: an overly complex and tedious process involving multiple CDs and lots of time.  But, with this 2GB flash drive backing up my important documents is just a matter of plugging the device in and selecting which files and folders to synchronize.  The files are copied over to the device quickly, and easily.I used to back up my most important files on CD: an overly complex and tedious process involving multiple CDs and lots of time.  But, with this 2GB flash drive backing up my important documents is just a matter of plugging the device in and selecting which files and folders to synchronize.  The files are copied over to the device quickly, and easily.The 2 Gig storage capacity allows me to backup all of my most important photos and documents on one handy removeable drive.   ScanDisk even includes a "Synch" software that simplifies the process of identifying and copying your important data.  (The software also helps you copy over your Outlook messages, folders, appointments, tasks, and other data that used to be difficult for me to find on my hard drive.)  ScanDisk even includes a "Synch" software that simplifies the process of identifying and copying your important data.  (The software also helps you copy over your Outlook messages, folders, appointments, tasks, and other data that used to be difficult for me to find on my hard drive.)  Also, I can imagine that the use of the Synch software with this little drive would made it very easy to keep the data on your work machine syched up with the data on your home machine.Also, I can imagine that the use of the Synch software with this little drive would made it very easy to keep the data on your work machine syched up with the data on your home machine.Physically, the unit is small, sleek with a case that feels substantial.  The retractable connector functions smoothly and allows the case to protect the connector when not in use.  Physically, the unit is small, sleek with a case that feels substantial.  The retractable connector functions smoothly and allows the case to protect the connector when not in use.  This thing is great.  I only wish I'd started using it sooner. 
 I ordered the apple ipod shuffle sport case because I wanted something to protect my ipod from the elements and just general bumping and scraping.  It works great, and you can use your ipod without taking it out of the case.  I haven't taken my ipod out of the case except to charge it, or to change my playlist.  It's a "must have item"  for anyone with an ipod shuffle
 After reading the Dec. '04 review in Computer Pilot I ordered it. Fine tuning is a bit involved but repetition makes the curve easier. Configuring from one a/c type throttle to another is easy with the downloadable manager from CH prod. Compared to the GoFlight modular system this is great value. Unless $$ is no object and you're not interested in building a home cockpit, the CH line of av-sim controls is well suited to the aspiring and advaced flt. simmer
 I have had my Pocket PC for quite some time now, and I love the convenience that it offers.  I have had my Pocket PC for quite some time now, and I love the convenience that it offers.  Plus:Plus:-  Great color screen-  Fast and easy to use.-  Cradle adaptor is nice so you can able to sync files from pc to pocket pc.-  Includes Word, Notes, Calender, Calculator, Recorder, Window Media Player, etc...  (HELPFUL)-  Expandable-  ExpandableConCon- Although it is expandable, you can't use your memory card to do anything but save materials.  I am unable to listen to 256 mb songs... but i have to copy and paste song from the card to the pc every time I get sick of listening to the same song.- Low battery life!- Low battery life!Other than that... it is great... user-friendly... and helpful if you are busy student or a college student...Other than that... it is great... user-friendly... and helpful if you are busy student or a college student...I use it to:I use it to:1) types notes in class (why carry a laptop when you can get this)2) MP3 player... besides the issue above, music quality is great... easy to transfer from pc to pocket pc.3) calender and agenda... (keep important dates in check and be on tops of things
 I found out the way to copy photos from my CompactFlash card onto the iPAQ. It's not hard but more complex than necessary. I also found out how to send the iPAQ in to have its screen replaced. A hassle. Its screen and/or stylus should work together so they don't produce scratches in the first place
 Excellent service, five days is all I had to wait and saved a lot of money. Couldn't be happier.Im a new Razr owner so everything is new to me. CD installed without any problems (Windows XP). I had a cable so I now have a spair. I just wanted the Phonetools CD.I would gladly do business again-Thanks
 I also ordered the Antec SX-1030 (which has yet to be shipped! arrgghh!!). According to Antec, the 1030 includes 2 fans, but has space for 2 more, which is where this one comes in! For those of you wondering what size &quot;small&quot; is, it's an 80mm fan. Good airflow (don't know actual CFM) and pretty quiet
 I'm a D-Link refugee and this card has been just great. My home connection has been very good, I'm in a basement and have no idea where the router is!I'm a D-Link refugee and this card has been just great. My home connection has been very good, I'm in a basement and have no idea where the router is!Swapping wireless networks is a breeze as I travel around - it can be easily configured to automatically find one wherever you are.Swapping wireless networks is a breeze as I travel around - it can be easily configured to automatically find one wherever you are.Very reliable, quality construction, easy to install and no problems with W2K.Very reliable, quality construction, easy to install and no problems with W2K.This is my 2nd Netgear card; also have the FA511 wired adapter about which I can say the same things (except the wireless bits).This is my 2nd Netgear card; also have the FA511 wired adapter about which I can say the same things (except the wireless bits).Definitely recommended and worth the extra cost if there is any
 I had originally bought a Linksys, without doing any research beforehand... thinking all routers were more or less equal... oops! Hardware was poor, the interface was wonky, customer service was a joke. I was re-booting it every few minutes under moderate usage, because it keep dropping my DSL connection or completely locking up. I just replaced it with a DGL-4300 based on all the positive reviews, and have been very happy so far. I don't need or use any of the advanced features for gaming; but already I've been very impressed with the DGL-4300 since it hasn't dropped any connections since I bought it last week. You get what you pay for
 I don't get why other mounts cost twice as much.  I bought this to hang my 42" Panasonic and it is great.  Can someone tell me why the Omnimount costs so much more?  I don't see any "functionality" differences.  And with the Mustang Tilt mount, I have been tilting it at least 10 times for either adjustments or disconnecting/reconnecting cables...It is so simple
 I got this phone about 1 month ago and I like all the features of the phone,Volume control ,Caller ID,Large display window and you can add up to 10 more hand set
 Handy traveler accessory. Retractable USB cord very nice. Had a small problem with Moto adapter, one of the locking pins would not release. Was able to get release wire reseated under release button and all working fine now
 I found this on clearance at another retailer (I guess not everyone likes pink), and it's fabulous.  I thought it might be just for skinny-armed people, but not so!  I've got plenty of room, it fits great, and it doesn't move.  Still looking for a solution to keep the earbud cord out of the way, though.  Makes mowing the lawn WAY more fun
 I have been a Dj for a almost 5 years, and this are the best headphones I've ever had. The H250 headphones are light, confortable, and great acustic properties. It is true that the bass is a little loud, but thats exactly what you need if you're playing in loud and crowded clubs
 When i first came across this particular microphone i had my doubts. Considering the price of it i just couldn't see it holding up for what i wanted to do. to my surprise this mic exceeded my expectations. For recording vocals this mic is amazing. a real professional sound for a extremely low price. i definitely recommend this mic to anyone out there looking for an in expensive way to make professional sounding material
 I have some decent mics in my cabinet, as well as a nice preamp, A/D converter and fire wire interface for my home multitracking setup.  I wasn't expecting as good or better quality than I can already get, but I hoped the Samson C01B USB Studio Condenser would at least give me a decent sound.  The idea was to have freedom and portablility that my studio set up prohibits.  I was not disappointed.  Installation was no more complicated that plugging the cable into a USB port on my laptop running XP and the other end into the mic.  It is far from the best mic I have, but it is certainly not the worst.  I have read reviews that say the recording quality is too thin, but I found that not to be the case.  The noise floor when recording with the Samson is a little high, and it is lacking in headroom compared to any traditional mic through my Millenia preamp.   I have to record at slightly lower levels than I am used to, but for $79, I am not complaining.  There is no significant latency recording 16 bits at 44100hz in Fasoft N-Track Studio.  The ability to plug this thing in and record at a whim is quite liberating.  Way to go, Samson
 Couldn't get any SW stations, but AM and FM worked great and the hand crank charged up the cell phone, after a lot of cranking
 No problems so far; does its job.(if you are setting up a wireless network, get windows XP. 1 click and you're set up.
 I bought this to scare away the opossums that come into my back porch at night. I used a 3 prong adapter with this to plug in a lamp and a radio.When they pass it, suddenly music and a light goes on and they scoot away fast. It is great to use if you want a lamp turned on when you walk in front of it, or anything else you want to use it for
 Product-wise, the card has worked fine, but then memory cards generally either work or they don't.  Product was shipped in a timely manner, and the price was reasonable
 Originally purchased to supplement & provide a tangle free connection to power source.After reading product manual,PowerSquid should be connectedto dedicated power source 110 volt outlet.It is not recommended that PowerSquid be used with temporary power strip application...with or withoutsurge protection. Use of Power Sentry 5-outlet PowerSquid should be used in accordance to sound electrical application. Do not overload or connect grounding cheaters in non-grounded 110 volt systems.Use with stand alone generators should be closely monitored and PowerSquid not be used beyond generator's capacity
 very good case for the price.  Actually looks more expensive.  Can't go wrong
 I wanted a case that was small, slim, and just carried the laptop.  Perfect!  I have a briefcase for files.  I didn't need anything bulky.  This case was exactly what I was looking for, for the right price.  I have a new Gateway Tablet P.C. and with the larger battery and battery placement, this is a snug fit, but at least I know the computer isn't loose inside.  I really like this case
 Cuando compr una Toshiba Satellite M105 con pantalla de 14", eleg este maletin porque lei que sus dimensiones se ajustaban al equipo. El interior est forrado y cuenta con las divisiones suficientes para llevar el cargador y los cables de poder de la notebook. Asimismo puedo incluir  documentos, mouse y otros accesorios. El asa es cmoda y la correa incluida es ancha y ajustable al largo que uno desee. Estoy satisfecho con esta compra
 The 6500B was the last one I tried of three.  I've had cordless Panasonic phones break too often in the past so was reluctant to buy one again.  But the other choices had major drawbacks.  I really needed a two-line phone that wasn't 2.4Ghz.The 6500B was the last one I tried of three.  I've had cordless Panasonic phones break too often in the past so was reluctant to buy one again.  But the other choices had major drawbacks.  I really needed a two-line phone that wasn't 2.4Ghz.The first I tried was the Uniden TRU8866.  It had a bad echo on the extra handset and other people complained about that too.  This phone uses phone company voice mail (no built-in ans mach) - which is fine - but I had the VM system go bonkers so lost all trust in it.  For over a week messages accumulated but we got no stutter-tone so didn't know there were any new messages - arrgghh.  Not the phones fault I know but it required VM for messaging so nope. The first I tried was the Uniden TRU8866.  It had a bad echo on the extra handset and other people complained about that too.  This phone uses phone company voice mail (no built-in ans mach) - which is fine - but I had the VM system go bonkers so lost all trust in it.  For over a week messages accumulated but we got no stutter-tone so didn't know there were any new messages - arrgghh.  Not the phones fault I know but it required VM for messaging so nope. Next I tried the new Motorola MD7081.  I really wanted to like this phone. It's a 2-line 5.8Ghz ans machine like the Panasonic 6500B.  I liked it's simplicity and easy switching between line 1 and 2.  Had battery backup for use during power outages and the best voice quality of the three.  But, it's answering system has no message counter.  That alone is no big deal but it didn't have any indicator to say whether you had any saved messages.  When a new message arrived it blinked and such - all good.  But, if I got home, say, and listened to a message for my wife, the blinking stopped and no indication of "1 saved message" or anything.  So, I would have to write a note to her to check the messages.  We're so used to relying on seeing a message counter and just listening to them if it's not zero that we thought this would become a nuisance.  I also would have liked an auto-line-selection so it would automatically answer the ringing line or select a non-busy outgoing line.  But, that would have messed up their simpler style button function - hmmm.Next I tried the new Motorola MD7081.  I really wanted to like this phone. It's a 2-line 5.8Ghz ans machine like the Panasonic 6500B.  I liked it's simplicity and easy switching between line 1 and 2.  Had battery backup for use during power outages and the best voice quality of the three.  But, it's answering system has no message counter.  That alone is no big deal but it didn't have any indicator to say whether you had any saved messages.  When a new message arrived it blinked and such - all good.  But, if I got home, say, and listened to a message for my wife, the blinking stopped and no indication of "1 saved message" or anything.  So, I would have to write a note to her to check the messages.  We're so used to relying on seeing a message counter and just listening to them if it's not zero that we thought this would become a nuisance.  I also would have liked an auto-line-selection so it would automatically answer the ringing line or select a non-busy outgoing line.  But, that would have messed up their simpler style button function - hmmm.The Panasonic, I am surprised to say, ended up being my favorite.  Hopefully it will be reliable.  I was always bothered by Panasonic's phones losing the date/time with any little power outage.  Happily, this phone sets its date/time from caller-id info even though the manual implies it wouldn't work quite that way.  With the right settings and phone company options (busy-forward), it elegantly supports two lines as if they are one.  I really like not thinking about which line is what - just pick up and talk.The Panasonic, I am surprised to say, ended up being my favorite.  Hopefully it will be reliable.  I was always bothered by Panasonic's phones losing the date/time with any little power outage.  Happily, this phone sets its date/time from caller-id info even though the manual implies it wouldn't work quite that way.  With the right settings and phone company options (busy-forward), it elegantly supports two lines as if they are one.  I really like not thinking about which line is what - just pick up and talk.The 6500B has good voice quality and reasonable range.  It's much lighter than earlier caller-id handsets which I like.  I also like their shape of handset the best.  My gripes are the limit of 4 handsets - I would like 6 or 7.  Also, can't name the handsets so with intercom you have to remember each number
 I love my new Monster FM Transmitter! It's very easy to use and the reception is great
 Besides all opion regarding this new calculator, I would like to say, it is very nice, good design, options, features, a huge screen and modern color. So far, I haven't navigate deep inside it, it is not similar as 48GX, so you've got to expend some time to know how to use it. I bought it since there is not a better calculator than this (48GX is UNIQUE but obsolete
 Easy to install, gret price and now I have surround sound on my PC. woowho
 I thought I was going to have to try to track down some headphones for kids until I ran across these!  They are super comfortable and seem to block the world out.  I've been using them for about 3 months now and couldn't be happier eventhough I've got a healthy dose of ear wax building up on them
 This isn't my first mp3 player. I have a couple of the years and since my last one died I was looking for a quick, cheap replacement. I also needed a flash drive for work. Don't underestimate this, if you use the net at a library or cafe then you'll realize that 1. not all players/drives are recognized as drives and/or 2. you've got to carry an extra cord with you to plug into the usb port, which gets annoying quickly. when you clean out your purse and discover you don't have it with you. With this you get both in one. It has a built in usb port which is recognized fine in most operating systems, even win98. The sound quality is good, I can't tell the difference between this and my $100.00 player. The controls do take a few seconds to get used to, but once I did I find I preferred them. They are easy to use one-handed.This isn't my first mp3 player. I have a couple of the years and since my last one died I was looking for a quick, cheap replacement. I also needed a flash drive for work. Don't underestimate this, if you use the net at a library or cafe then you'll realize that 1. not all players/drives are recognized as drives and/or 2. you've got to carry an extra cord with you to plug into the usb port, which gets annoying quickly. when you clean out your purse and discover you don't have it with you. With this you get both in one. It has a built in usb port which is recognized fine in most operating systems, even win98. The sound quality is good, I can't tell the difference between this and my $100.00 player. The controls do take a few seconds to get used to, but once I did I find I preferred them. They are easy to use one-handed.An unexpected bonus is that its great for audiobooks! If you turn off the player, it starts back up exactly where you left it, be it in the middle of a song or in the middle of a chapter! Its small without being too tiny, its design is simple enough that there is nothing to fall off or get lost and technophobes won't have a heart-attack. Its doesn't hold a lot of music at only 128mb or have a shuffle feature, but if you need to carry more than an album or 2, or need extra features then you'll want more than this player anyway. An unexpected bonus is that its great for audiobooks! If you turn off the player, it starts back up exactly where you left it, be it in the middle of a song or in the middle of a chapter! Its small without being too tiny, its design is simple enough that there is nothing to fall off or get lost and technophobes won't have a heart-attack. Its doesn't hold a lot of music at only 128mb or have a shuffle feature, but if you need to carry more than an album or 2, or need extra features then you'll want more than this player anyway. The best feature is the price. I found this one at my local ToysRUs for $15.00. It also plays both mp3's and wma. It won't play AAC but if most of your music is this format you'll better off with an ipod.The best feature is the price. I found this one at my local ToysRUs for $15.00. It also plays both mp3's and wma. It won't play AAC but if most of your music is this format you'll better off with an ipod.This would make a good first player for a kid or for someone who needs a usb drive and music without all the bells and whistles. This would make a good first player for a kid or for someone who needs a usb drive and music without all the bells and whistles. I'm giving it 5 stars because it does exactly what I need it to do without any hassle
 I decided to purchase this item because I needed to get SD memory for my g/friends digital camera, so I chose this one because of the price and the brand. SanDisk is known for their memory. Well, no need to say more, this thing works great. I will buy another one but with more space anyday. Thanks alot San Disk
 just got this one at sears, and was only $20 so i grabbed it. the Canon A400 i have only came with 16mb so i needed more space. the 128 is much faster and easy to format than my old one. love it!!! go out and buy one today! GET SANDISK NOT LEXAR, THEY BREAK ALL THE TIME!!!!!
 How many pictures will it store?  It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the most difficult to get a straight answer about.  Well, considering I worked in the memory industry for over 7 years I can help clarify this perplexing question and do so unbiased as I have since changed industries.  How many pictures will it store?  It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the most difficult to get a straight answer about.  Well, considering I worked in the memory industry for over 7 years I can help clarify this perplexing question and do so unbiased as I have since changed industries.  The SanDisk SDSDB-128-A10 Secure Digital 128MB, like most 128MB cards, will store on average 142 pictures when used with a 2 megapixel camera, 106 images when used with a 3 megapixel camera,  64 pictures when used with a 4 megapixel camera, 51 images when used with a 5 megapixel camera, and 40 pictures when used with a 6 megapixel camera.  These numbers are based off the assumption that you are going to shoot your images at the highest quality JPEG setting available for the camera and understand that they are estimates and may be off by as much as 10 percent due to numerous factors including the complexity of the scene being shot and the compression algorithm used by your specific camera.The SanDisk SDSDB-128-A10 Secure Digital 128MB, like most 128MB cards, will store on average 142 pictures when used with a 2 megapixel camera, 106 images when used with a 3 megapixel camera,  64 pictures when used with a 4 megapixel camera, 51 images when used with a 5 megapixel camera, and 40 pictures when used with a 6 megapixel camera.  These numbers are based off the assumption that you are going to shoot your images at the highest quality JPEG setting available for the camera and understand that they are estimates and may be off by as much as 10 percent due to numerous factors including the complexity of the scene being shot and the compression algorithm used by your specific camera.I truly hope this review was helpful to you in determining whether this card is the right capacity for your specific needs
 If you buy this service plan, print out the contract (found at the top of this page) and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, but looked over the contract intensely since I nearly got it.If you buy this service plan, print out the contract (found at the top of this page) and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, but looked over the contract intensely since I nearly got it.Some notes on the contract:1. It is only good in the United States (including Washington, DC, but MINUS MAINE), but it does not include Guam, Virgin Islands, etc. So if you are in another country or outside the 50 states + D.C., this contract will be nothing but a waste of money.2. This contract is transferable and the directions to do so are simple.3. They will only fix/replace/etc IF the manufacturing warranty no longer covers the item. That is, if the manu. warranty is still good, you have to use it.4. If the item needs to be shipped, shipping/handling will only be covered if the manufacturer would cover those costs in their warranty period. If the item is being replaced, "You will be responsible for the delivery or cost of delivery of the covered Product to Our authorized service center. Reimbursement will be issued in the form of a check payable to You." I'm uncertain if that means you cover those costs or they reimburse you.5. No lemon policy of 3 service repairs for the SAME defect, and a upon the time of a 4th repair, as determined by them, they will "replace it with a product of comparable performance. Repairs performed while the Product is under manufacturer's warranty DO NOT APPLY." (Doesn't sound like a great no lemon policy... your product would have to breakdown in the same way 4 times in the number of years they cover you -- many electronics are typically already covered by the manufacturer for 1 year.)6. There are numerous conditions that they will not repair for, but they all sound typical of such plans (such as, they don't cover accidents and they don't cover "the elements or acts of God" ... sorry, I had to note that second one since it stuck out to me from the other things). But, in all seriousness, read the list before you purchase.6. There are numerous conditions that they will not repair for, but they all sound typical of such plans (such as, they don't cover accidents and they don't cover "the elements or acts of God" ... sorry, I had to note that second one since it stuck out to me from the other things). But, in all seriousness, read the list before you purchase.So, now that I have summarized much of the contract, if you want to get the service warranty, PLEASE READ THE CONTRACT SINCE I DIDN'T COVER EVERYTHING!!! (Don't hold me liable since I don't have much money anyways.) Also, I think this is typical in warranty contracts, but you will occassionally see the phrase "at our discretion" in the contract.So, now that I have summarized much of the contract, if you want to get the service warranty, PLEASE READ THE CONTRACT SINCE I DIDN'T COVER EVERYTHING!!! (Don't hold me liable since I don't have much money anyways.) Also, I think this is typical in warranty contracts, but you will occassionally see the phrase "at our discretion" in the contract.Assuming they aren't jerks with their discretion and aren't too tough to deal with, I would give the warranty 4 stars (minus 1 star for the crappy lemon policy). I didn't get the coverage because the product I was going to get it for had just made into the next price category (so it was pricy for my product, being at the lower price end of the scale)
 There is absolutely nothing that we don't like about these Panasonic phones.  The sound quality is excellent as is the range.  Very happy customers
 I have had mine for a week. I had a non mapping garmin gps 12 for years, which was misplaced. I bought the navigation kit at the same time I ordered a 60 CS. It makes what I bought for backpacking usable as a car navigation tool both in the city and out in the boonies. I had no problems loading software and maps, upload or download from/to my gps.I have had mine for a week. I had a non mapping garmin gps 12 for years, which was misplaced. I bought the navigation kit at the same time I ordered a 60 CS. It makes what I bought for backpacking usable as a car navigation tool both in the city and out in the boonies. I had no problems loading software and maps, upload or download from/to my gps.I am impressed by the softwares ability to "recalculate" in navigation mode. If I ignore the suggested route, it continually adapts to suggest a new route based on where I am.I am impressed by the softwares ability to "recalculate" in navigation mode. If I ignore the suggested route, it continually adapts to suggest a new route based on where I am.I am sure that some portions of the database is not current as far as new roads etc. are concerned but I am impressed with the degree of information that is currently contained. I have gotten messages regarding keeping right for example (to avoid being caught in what becomes a left turn only lane), and knowledge of one-way streets etc.I am sure that some portions of the database is not current as far as new roads etc. are concerned but I am impressed with the degree of information that is currently contained. I have gotten messages regarding keeping right for example (to avoid being caught in what becomes a left turn only lane), and knowledge of one-way streets etc.The real test is yet to come to negotiate San Francisco's endless no left turns, one way streets, construction and limited freeway on ramps!!
 Three months later, I'm still amazed at how cheap this amazing piece of hardware was. Granted, it doesn't vibrate, nor have a zillion buttons, but it definitely performs admirably. It is comfortable and the buttons respond well. The unit feels well-built, and connects to the computer easily via USB. And as a bonus, it looks pretty too. :
 I bought this based on the overall positive reviews.  Good sound quality, and a comfortable fit.  I didn't find them to be too tight at all.  For a low-end pair of headphones, I think they're pretty impressive
 The cups of these heaphone are a little small and they do fit snuggly on my head but after stretching them out a bit I must say they are very comfortable. If you dont like them at first wear them for a while, they will grow on you.
 If you went to circuit city, you would see this is $30 there. Here its only 8.99! With fast shipping I only paid about $16 total, half the price of circuit city. Those type of stores (best buy, circuit city, compusa) are a total ripoff when it comes to these cables. Buy from Amazon.com (eektech will ship) and you save lots of $$. Thanks eek for great service
 Works great, good quality from Belkin as usual. Hard to beat for the money
 I'm using the product as I respond to this request for a review.  Sufficiently compact for ease of packing in my laptop case.  No technical issues (so far).  Tracking is excellent.  Has worked flawlessly under daily working conditions.  Recommend highly
 This mouse works perfectly fast and easy without problems even if you don't install the software.If you need a cordless mouse this is what you have to bu
 As the title states, this is an excellent wireless mouse.  Works right away with Windows XP, no driver install or software needed for two-button and normal scroll capabilities.  Software allows for extra button assignment, but could use some work.  I have had some trouble finding the menus I want when I want to find them.  For example, I have an issue where I cannot find the extra button assignment menu after plugging in the USB receiver after a system start-up, however I am able to find those menus in the software if I remove and reinsert the receiver.But as I said before, superb mouse function and tracking...this thing works on upholstery, leather, my jeans, and thick carpet!!
 The V200 is another great Logitech product. It is far from the king of the mouse, but when it comes to the notebook it doesn't get much better than this. It takes two AA batteries (so get some rechargeable batteries to save on costs) which slide into the top of the mouse by pulling back on the palm rest to reveal two slots. The mouse doesn't weigh too much heavier than the two mouse batteries themselves. This is a two button mouse with a tilt wheel. With the setpoint software you can alter what the buttons do. Overall the design is good. There could be a problem installing setpoint. It may hang on install. If so you need to use the task manager to quit the install and then try it again. It should work. The USB receiver is 2.4 GHz and has a 10 Meter range. Wow. However there is one major problem with a wireless mouse for a notebook. USB dongles and receivers that are plugged into the side of the laptop are just begging to be snapped off. For this reason you should have the USB receiver on the side opposite the mouse hand, if you can, to avoid accidental contact. It should also not be hanging over the edge of the table. If you press it down lightly, then that is it, game over for the receiver and you will have to get a new 2.4 GHz receiver. So okay you will have to spend on a new receiver, if you break the old one. The receiver plugs into a small slot under the mouse using a magnet. When it is in the holder the mouse turns off. It doesn't fit in smoothly. It creates a block shape in the bottom of the mouse. Anyway you are not going to be using it when it is clipped in. The other thing is that it can pop out sometimes. Just happens if the mouse just gets knocked a certain way. I am sure most notebook users are cautious with their notebooks and devices. If you are then a mouse like this and USB should last for a very long time. There is really nothing wrong with it. Wireless mini mouse. FAB! However there is one last thing to say. If you don't like the idea of a USB receiver then GET A BLUETOOTH VERSION OF THIS MOUSE INSTEAD. It is called the V270. That is if your notebook has internal Bluetooth or else you will need to get a Bluetooth USB receiver and be in the same boat when it comes to watching your USB receivers. But if you have a Bluetooth internal receiver with your notebook then by all means head over to the V270 and forget about this USB option. The USB design isn't a fault with the mouse; it is just a fault with all notebooks that is not really a fault. You just got to switch to internal Bluetooth or learn to take care of your receivers.
 When I purchased this product I was a little sceptical, however, once I unpacked it and started using it, it was so absolutely easy to use, and the pictures have such a fine quality, and you can insert 4 different sizes of memory cards in addition to computer connection.  So, I see it as a win/win product.  The only draw back is the weight and size. I just do not regret this purchase with the price an added bonus as wel
 First and foremost--I am not an audiophile, so I can't comment with any authority on the quality of the headphones themselves.  They are fine for me and my listening habits--I find myself increasingly listening to podcasts when commuting via bus for which these headphones are perfectly fine, although when I do listen to my music the bass and treble response seems fine to me.First and foremost--I am not an audiophile, so I can't comment with any authority on the quality of the headphones themselves.  They are fine for me and my listening habits--I find myself increasingly listening to podcasts when commuting via bus for which these headphones are perfectly fine, although when I do listen to my music the bass and treble response seems fine to me.That being said, what I wanted was a convenient way to carry my 2G Nano so I could listen and manipulate the controls with the iPod handy yet out of the way.  This lanyard does an excellent job of providing that and I would recommend it to anyone.That being said, what I wanted was a convenient way to carry my 2G Nano so I could listen and manipulate the controls with the iPod handy yet out of the way.  This lanyard does an excellent job of providing that and I would recommend it to anyone.So why four stars?  Well, for a few reasons:So why four stars?  Well, for a few reasons:--Only available in white.  I have a black 2G 8GB Nano.  I'd have liked to match it.--Only available in white.  I have a black 2G 8GB Nano.  I'd have liked to match it.--No lock or release on the base that connects to the Nano.  While the connector does fit snug with the Nano and doesn't disconnect so easily from the Nano that I'd fear it might fall off while walking about, I would have felt more secure with some sort of lock or release mechanism holding it in place.--No lock or release on the base that connects to the Nano.  While the connector does fit snug with the Nano and doesn't disconnect so easily from the Nano that I'd fear it might fall off while walking about, I would have felt more secure with some sort of lock or release mechanism holding it in place.For this reason I would not recommend the lanyard to anyone doing any sort of strenuous activity or exercise--but hanging loose around the neck really isn't the best place for the Nano then anyway.  The armband would be more appropriate.For this reason I would not recommend the lanyard to anyone doing any sort of strenuous activity or exercise--but hanging loose around the neck really isn't the best place for the Nano then anyway.  The armband would be more appropriate.--NOWHERE on the packaging did it say this was for the 2G Nano!  I had bought a 1G Nano lanyard at a local store and had to return it when I discovered it was incompatible (the dock connector and headphone jack on the 1G and 2G Nanos are NOT the same distance apart).  When this 2G lanyard arrived, I could find nothing on the package that said "for 2G Nano", so I opened it very gingerly thinking I had received the wrong lanyard and would need to repackage it and send it back.  I was very relieved when it did fit!  Regardless, there should be a very clear "For 2G Nanos only!" label on the box to alleviate 2G Nano owners' fears and to warn 1G Nano owners.--NOWHERE on the packaging did it say this was for the 2G Nano!  I had bought a 1G Nano lanyard at a local store and had to return it when I discovered it was incompatible (the dock connector and headphone jack on the 1G and 2G Nanos are NOT the same distance apart).  When this 2G lanyard arrived, I could find nothing on the package that said "for 2G Nano", so I opened it very gingerly thinking I had received the wrong lanyard and would need to repackage it and send it back.  I was very relieved when it did fit!  Regardless, there should be a very clear "For 2G Nanos only!" label on the box to alleviate 2G Nano owners' fears and to warn 1G Nano owners.All in all, I am very happy with the lanyard.  It keeps the Nano handy while leaving my hands free, and that was what I was looking for
 It's been through the wringer, and has had no problems after about a year. I came here looking for a replacement cap, but can't find one on Amazon
 I downloaded the driver from Trendnet's website before installing the adapter. I did not encounter any problems at all, including the issue that some users had with it disconnecting when they plugged in another USB device
 The Sennheiser HD600s have only one thing wrong with them: they'll change you from someone who enjoys good audio... into an audiophile! I've been known as a videophile for many years over on one of the top AV forums, but I've always been satisfied with merely "decent" audio.  Until now.The Sennheiser HD600s have only one thing wrong with them: they'll change you from someone who enjoys good audio... into an audiophile! I've been known as a videophile for many years over on one of the top AV forums, but I've always been satisfied with merely "decent" audio.  Until now.I'd previously ripped all my CDs into the (previously quite impressive) Windows Media format at 192K bps, but that's now useless.  With the phenomenal ability of the Sennheiser HD600s to reveal all the subtle nuances of your music, listening to compressed discs is like listening to your music through a thick layer of vaseline.  Here we go again... it's time to rip everything into lossless format.I'd previously ripped all my CDs into the (previously quite impressive) Windows Media format at 192K bps, but that's now useless.  With the phenomenal ability of the Sennheiser HD600s to reveal all the subtle nuances of your music, listening to compressed discs is like listening to your music through a thick layer of vaseline.  Here we go again... it's time to rip everything into lossless format.I cannot recommend these headphones more highly - they are simply extraordinary.  When your tastes become accustomed to this level of quality, though, life's going to get a lot more expensive, as you try to update everything to match your new level of sonic differentiation.I cannot recommend these headphones more highly - they are simply extraordinary.  When your tastes become accustomed to this level of quality, though, life's going to get a lot more expensive, as you try to update everything to match your new level of sonic differentiation.Still, this is a bloody miracle.  My ears have finally been opened.  Wow
 Having been a buyer of Sennheiser products for over 10 years, I feel it is time I endorse a product I truly believe in, and have never been let down by. Including service and customer satisfaction.Having been a buyer of Sennheiser products for over 10 years, I feel it is time I endorse a product I truly believe in, and have never been let down by. Including service and customer satisfaction.Each time buying a Sennheiser product, I found myself stepping up to the next level of their headphones, because they simply keep improving their technology to the point that what you used to own by them gets overwhelmed by the latest headphone they offer. When I bought the HD-600's, I had just come away from years owning the HD-25. When these encountered a technical problem, I replaced them with a backup choice, the HD-25SP's. The difference in sound going 'lower' down their scale of products was just too much to bear. So I bit the bullet and went higher. Each time buying a Sennheiser product, I found myself stepping up to the next level of their headphones, because they simply keep improving their technology to the point that what you used to own by them gets overwhelmed by the latest headphone they offer. When I bought the HD-600's, I had just come away from years owning the HD-25. When these encountered a technical problem, I replaced them with a backup choice, the HD-25SP's. The difference in sound going 'lower' down their scale of products was just too much to bear. So I bit the bullet and went higher. Whether you use Sennheiser's merely for pleasure, or for studio work, the accuracy of their sound, and what you get for your money cannot be beat. My HD-600's ran into a small technical glitch (and Sennheiser were extremely helpful in getting this fixed and replaced within 2 days of receipt), and I swear I nearly cried in their absence. HD-600's give you a clear idea of how things were recorded, how good your system is, and what truly sounds inferior. You never listen to things quite the same way again.Whether you use Sennheiser's merely for pleasure, or for studio work, the accuracy of their sound, and what you get for your money cannot be beat. My HD-600's ran into a small technical glitch (and Sennheiser were extremely helpful in getting this fixed and replaced within 2 days of receipt), and I swear I nearly cried in their absence. HD-600's give you a clear idea of how things were recorded, how good your system is, and what truly sounds inferior. You never listen to things quite the same way again.The reason my reviews of Paul McCartney and John Lennon albums from the 70's all comment on how inferior the recording quality is (especially compared to the so called ''Economy Class Beatles'' George Harrison's and Ringo Starr's albums from the same decade), is down to what HD-600's reveal. My main source of media tends to be Vinyl, because Compact Discs and DVD's still cannot capture what analogue/turntable equipment captures. Vinyl is simply warmer and more 'round' in comparison to its digital counterparts. And when listening to badly recorded albums, HD-600's make you wonder if you spent more on your headphones than the artist did using a studio. HD-600's are the reason I mention time and time again you are not getting value for money when buying Lennon and McCartney solo albums. Listening to ''Take IT Away'' from 1982's Tug Of War reveals an annoying tape hiss coming from the left side of the stereofield. Which sounds much like someone forgot to 'silence' a track that had a recording on it, before the instrument actually showed up in the song. It sounds totally like electrical / amp noise coming from equipment, and Geoff Emerick or George Martin just simply forgot to keep this track silent until the instrument that occupied that track appeared in the song. The reason my reviews of Paul McCartney and John Lennon albums from the 70's all comment on how inferior the recording quality is (especially compared to the so called ''Economy Class Beatles'' George Harrison's and Ringo Starr's albums from the same decade), is down to what HD-600's reveal. My main source of media tends to be Vinyl, because Compact Discs and DVD's still cannot capture what analogue/turntable equipment captures. Vinyl is simply warmer and more 'round' in comparison to its digital counterparts. And when listening to badly recorded albums, HD-600's make you wonder if you spent more on your headphones than the artist did using a studio. HD-600's are the reason I mention time and time again you are not getting value for money when buying Lennon and McCartney solo albums. Listening to ''Take IT Away'' from 1982's Tug Of War reveals an annoying tape hiss coming from the left side of the stereofield. Which sounds much like someone forgot to 'silence' a track that had a recording on it, before the instrument actually showed up in the song. It sounds totally like electrical / amp noise coming from equipment, and Geoff Emerick or George Martin just simply forgot to keep this track silent until the instrument that occupied that track appeared in the song. It gets much worse than 'Take It Away' on Paul McCartney albums, and even more painfully so on John Lennon albums. But listening pleasure can be found recording wise on their solo albums BACK TO THE EGG, RAM, DOUBLE FANTASY, MILK AND HONEY, and some portions of BAND ON THE RUN, and WALLS AND BRIDGES. #9 Dream is simply a gorgeous recording, it's just too bad the rest of the album doesn't sound as good as that one song.It gets much worse than 'Take It Away' on Paul McCartney albums, and even more painfully so on John Lennon albums. But listening pleasure can be found recording wise on their solo albums BACK TO THE EGG, RAM, DOUBLE FANTASY, MILK AND HONEY, and some portions of BAND ON THE RUN, and WALLS AND BRIDGES. #9 Dream is simply a gorgeous recording, it's just too bad the rest of the album doesn't sound as good as that one song.When you listen to your CD's, vinyl, DVD's in whatever room of your house your speakers are, the room dictates what you hear, no matter what you've spent on speakers, power amps, woofers, sub-dividers, etc. Whether you have wall to wall carpeting, high ceilings, low ceilings, plaster or cement, wood floors, a more long than wide room, it all affects how sound reaches your ear. Which is why on a great set of headphones, you are more likely to hear HOW those sounds were meant to be heard, how they were recorded, and how much time was spent doing it. On speakers, McCartney's JET sounds quite full, though the snare is a little thin. But when hearing the album with HD-600's, the drums nearly become non-existent, and all the inconsistencies of the recording become so apparent, you wonder if the mix was sabotaged by someone. McCartney on drums is not a miracle, especially when you hear many of the mistakes being made by someone not as confident on that instrument as they are on Bass. When you listen to your CD's, vinyl, DVD's in whatever room of your house your speakers are, the room dictates what you hear, no matter what you've spent on speakers, power amps, woofers, sub-dividers, etc. Whether you have wall to wall carpeting, high ceilings, low ceilings, plaster or cement, wood floors, a more long than wide room, it all affects how sound reaches your ear. Which is why on a great set of headphones, you are more likely to hear HOW those sounds were meant to be heard, how they were recorded, and how much time was spent doing it. On speakers, McCartney's JET sounds quite full, though the snare is a little thin. But when hearing the album with HD-600's, the drums nearly become non-existent, and all the inconsistencies of the recording become so apparent, you wonder if the mix was sabotaged by someone. McCartney on drums is not a miracle, especially when you hear many of the mistakes being made by someone not as confident on that instrument as they are on Bass. Can I review anything without bringing up Lennon and McCartney? Quite possibly Dog Food. But so far, they come up pretty regularly. Makes you wonder if I'm trying to prove a point doesn't it.Can I review anything without bringing up Lennon and McCartney? Quite possibly Dog Food. But so far, they come up pretty regularly. Makes you wonder if I'm trying to prove a point doesn't it.Albums that are phenomenally recorded get due justice with Sennhesier HD-600's. They truly do. Some noteworthy recordings from the 70's and 80's when recording technology (for popular music) was just beginning to reach new highs, that are all HD-600 friendly:Albums that are phenomenally recorded get due justice with Sennhesier HD-600's. They truly do. Some noteworthy recordings from the 70's and 80's when recording technology (for popular music) was just beginning to reach new highs, that are all HD-600 friendly:Isao Tomita's The Firebird (1976)George Harrison's eponymous album (1979)Steely Dan's Gaucho (1980)Joe Walsh's The Smoker You Drink, The Player You Get (1973)10CC's The Original Soundtrack (1975)Godley & Creme's Consequences (1977)Supertramp's Crime of the Century (1974)XTC's Black Sea (1980)Peter Gabriel's 3rd album (1980)Kate Bush's The Dreaming (1982)Earth Wind and Fire's All 'n' All (1977)Level 42's The Pursuit of Accidents (1982)Billy Cobham's Spectrum (1972)Frank Zappa's One Size Fits All (1975)Ringo Starr's Goodnight Vienna (1974)Ringo Starr's Goodnight Vienna (1974)and a truly incredible sounding album from the 90's, Prince and The New Power Generation's ''Symbol'' album from 1992.and a truly incredible sounding album from the 90's, Prince and The New Power Generation's ''Symbol'' album from 1992.Albums NOT HD-600 friendly:Todd Rundgren's Hermit of Mink Hollow (1978)Blue Oyster Cult's Agents of Fortune (1976)Paul McCartney's Venus and Mars (1975 - and quite a few others)John Lennon's Imagine (1971 - and avoid 1970's Instant Karma like the plague, the piano track will hurt you . .  )Yes's Fragile (often the guitars and keyboards hit frequencies that cause a lot of crackling and clipping)Yes's Fragile (often the guitars and keyboards hit frequencies that cause a lot of crackling and clipping)and surprisingly enough, many remasters of albums once on vinyl or antiquated CD reveal the errors of fixing something that ain't broken.  and surprisingly enough, many remasters of albums once on vinyl or antiquated CD reveal the errors of fixing something that ain't broken.  and surprisingly enough, many remasters of albums once on vinyl or antiquated CD reveal the errors of fixing something that ain't broken.  If you have to save up for a pair, or do some heavy searching for HD-600's that are affordable, do so. In over 10 years I have never been disappointed by anything Sennheiser distributed, especially when I kept up with their pace.If you have to save up for a pair, or do some heavy searching for HD-600's that are affordable, do so. In over 10 years I have never been disappointed by anything Sennheiser distributed, especially when I kept up with their pace.If you have to save up for a pair, or do some heavy searching for HD-600's that are affordable, do so. In over 10 years I have never been disappointed by anything Sennheiser distributed, especially when I kept up with their pace.If you have to save up for a pair, or do some heavy searching for HD-600's that are affordable, do so. In over 10 years I have never been disappointed by anything Sennheiser distributed, especially when I kept up with their pace.
 I just purchased one of these and was a little sceptical after reading some of the reviews that stated how difficult it was to load the information into the unit. I had no problem at all. In fact it was quite simple. I am truly amazed at how acurate and easy to use this unit is. For the price, you can't beat it
 I bought the Transcend 1 GByte card for my PDA. My Axim x51v immediately recognized it and is working flawless for the past few weeks. I am planning to get the 4GB model too which is currently retailing for $90 to $110 elsewhere.I bought the Transcend 1 GByte card for my PDA. My Axim x51v immediately recognized it and is working flawless for the past few weeks. I am planning to get the 4GB model too which is currently retailing for $90 to $110 elsewhere.Har
 I was mislead with Amazon review which said it supports conversion to MP3 format with the software supplied, it does not. The help quite clearly states "You cannot convert a file into an MP3 file". It will convert to .wav then you can use a 3rd party program to go to MP3.I was mislead with Amazon review which said it supports conversion to MP3 format with the software supplied, it does not. The help quite clearly states "You cannot convert a file into an MP3 file". It will convert to .wav then you can use a 3rd party program to go to MP3.If it had MP3 support (at least conversion on the PC from the Sony proprietary format which is .msv) I would have given it 5 stars due to the good software supplied and the amazing sound quality possible. It you record in full quality mode (1.25 hours with built in 32meg memory) and listen to it again with good headphones it does sound amazing. The Voice Up (so you hear each person in a conversation) works very well as do other nice features.If it had MP3 support (at least conversion on the PC from the Sony proprietary format which is .msv) I would have given it 5 stars due to the good software supplied and the amazing sound quality possible. It you record in full quality mode (1.25 hours with built in 32meg memory) and listen to it again with good headphones it does sound amazing. The Voice Up (so you hear each person in a conversation) works very well as do other nice features.But it is let down with the software supplied not performing MP3 conversion. Going to .wav then .mp3 with another program is a pain and simply converting to .wav to get away from proprietary .msv takes up too much space.But it is let down with the software supplied not performing MP3 conversion. Going to .wav then .mp3 with another program is a pain and simply converting to .wav to get away from proprietary .msv takes up too much space.But I would buy one again, as it is very easy to use, small, and very high quality. I just hope Sony would listen to consumers and support MP3
 This is the same cartridge I can purchase elsewhere, but cheaper.  It works well in our printer with no issues whatsoever and my HP printer prints fantastic photos when I use HP ink and HP premium photo paper
 No complaints - I'm pleased with the quality and price
 Before I bought this device, I was trying to enjoy the "Hearts of Space" website, "This American Life" and other NPR shows available for online streaming.  Only problem was, I didn't like being shackled to my computer in order to hear them.   I did some research on the internet, read a lot of reviews and ultimately decided on the Logitech Wireless Music System.  I would like to echo all the positive comments recorded here.Before I bought this device, I was trying to enjoy the "Hearts of Space" website, "This American Life" and other NPR shows available for online streaming.  Only problem was, I didn't like being shackled to my computer in order to hear them.   I did some research on the internet, read a lot of reviews and ultimately decided on the Logitech Wireless Music System.  I would like to echo all the positive comments recorded here.It was indeed quite fast and easy to set up.  No lengthy manuals to read (thank goodness.)  I did not find it necessary to load the CD software that came with the device.  If I want to listen through the stereo, I plug in the USB.  If I want to listen through the computer, I simply unplug the USB.  It's very simple.It was indeed quite fast and easy to set up.  No lengthy manuals to read (thank goodness.)  I did not find it necessary to load the CD software that came with the device.  If I want to listen through the stereo, I plug in the USB.  If I want to listen through the computer, I simply unplug the USB.  It's very simple.I am 100% satisfied with the sound quality.  I would not be able to tell the difference between FM radio and the online streaming.  However, I do have to turn up my stereo about twice as loud when I am sending internet audio streams to it using this device, than when I am listening to a CD or the radio.  On my stereo (which isn't fancy), this does not cause diminished sound quality, so I'm perfectly OK with it.  I just have to remember to turn down the volume before switching back to CD or radio listening.I am 100% satisfied with the sound quality.  I would not be able to tell the difference between FM radio and the online streaming.  However, I do have to turn up my stereo about twice as loud when I am sending internet audio streams to it using this device, than when I am listening to a CD or the radio.  On my stereo (which isn't fancy), this does not cause diminished sound quality, so I'm perfectly OK with it.  I just have to remember to turn down the volume before switching back to CD or radio listening.If you are wondering whether the device will be compatible with your stereo, check for two things.  First, your stereo has to have a set of two holes side-by-side that are for the twin plugs generally colored white and red.  I'm sorry I do not know the technical names for these things, but there's a picture of the red-and-white plugs on this Amazon page in the Manufacturer's "Product Description" section (just scroll up until you see it.)  Second, your stereo has to have a button that will let you switch to "Auxiliary" input.  My stereo has this, but my portable CD player/cassette player/radio (AKA boom box) does not.   If it is important to you to be able to use this on a portable player you can carry around the house and/or outside, be sure to check your player for these two things.If you are wondering whether the device will be compatible with your stereo, check for two things.  First, your stereo has to have a set of two holes side-by-side that are for the twin plugs generally colored white and red.  I'm sorry I do not know the technical names for these things, but there's a picture of the red-and-white plugs on this Amazon page in the Manufacturer's "Product Description" section (just scroll up until you see it.)  Second, your stereo has to have a button that will let you switch to "Auxiliary" input.  My stereo has this, but my portable CD player/cassette player/radio (AKA boom box) does not.   If it is important to you to be able to use this on a portable player you can carry around the house and/or outside, be sure to check your player for these two things.Overall I am very satisfied and quite happy with the product
 The HP12C has been an essential in my personal productivity tool kit for over 20 years. I bought my first one when I was a consultant and it lasted until August 2006. It withstood all the travel and constant use well. I use it for simple and complex math; statistical analysis and financial analysis. It is much faster and simpler to operate than a PC. My new one has all the same great features. I highly recommend this for someone who is frequently required to perform mathematical and financial analysis.
 I bought this mouse and have used it for over a year now. The nice part about this mouse is the range and the fact that when it works, it works beautifully. When it doesn't work, it is erratic and locks up. Turn it on and off and while the LED will light up, it will still not work well. This is the hint that the battery is low. The mouse comes with two rechargable NiMH AAA batteries. These are 650mAh batteries and are not the best. I bought 4 1000mAh AccuPower NiMH batteries. I keep 2 in the charger. These batteries work great and when fully charged will give me a month of use at about 8 hours a day. But as soon the mouse starts to get erratic, you have to swap the batteries. Do this and you will really like this mouse. Another nice feature for this mouse is the range. You can use your laptop as a DVD player connected to your TV and sitting out of the way. The mouse makes a nice remote control
 This is a great printer.  I have used it several times and it makes great pictures.  I had some pictures taken at a low resolution and the print still turned out looking great.  Tried this on a regular printer and the print didn't look near as great.  A great feature is proof sheet print of the pictures you have.  You can also add a border to your pictures which makes things nice for postcards.This is a great printer.  I have used it several times and it makes great pictures.  I had some pictures taken at a low resolution and the print still turned out looking great.  Tried this on a regular printer and the print didn't look near as great.  A great feature is proof sheet print of the pictures you have.  You can also add a border to your pictures which makes things nice for postcards.Colors are great and vivid.  Also the prints look like that purchased from a photo shop.  I have not tried printing to non Epson paper so I can't say how prints would look.  I know that Epson printers look the best printed on Epson paper. 
 The camers is good in picture quality and easy to install and use. It's multi utility for desktop and notepad is a very good feature which I personally expected. I have a complete satisfaction
 Although the rear speakers need a power plug, this system solved my problem of being unable to run a signal wire to the back speakers from the front. The sound is OK, not awesome, but not bad. Better than the TV speakers by a long shot. They can also be nicely controlled with my Harmony remote
 very good, worth the money. If you want a louder one, go for Z 535
 Never been game player much since pong-Purhcased BF2 last December for the PC and loved it. Flying was limited though-util I purchased my G7 from NE and have been enjoying MUCHO fast speeds, easily adjusted, and for internet parusing it has a built in back button. Have to change out battery every two days but gives plenty of warning and is always charged when I need to replace. Absolutely the best mouse I have ever owned.
 I love this keyboard. After searching through just about every keyboard available, I was torn between this and a gaming keyboard that was triple the price. I'm so glad that I chose this one.It is excellent! The quick access buttons are great and you can set them up almost any way you want. It's a great keyboard for gaming, office use, media or just ordinary, everyday use.They keystrokes are effortless and near silent. The slide zoom feature is cool, but I don't use it much. It's better to have something and not need it than to need it and not have it though.I really love the quick access buttons which allow me to pull up my files, e-mail or web pages with immediate ease. The only thing I don't like about this keyboard is the sleep button. I NEVER use this and I can't see any way to reasign it. However, it is out of the way and not a big enough deal to lower my rating of this sweet keyboard.Aside from all of that, how can anyone complain about a keyboard of this quality for such a great price. And it was delivered the day after I ordered it.To top it off, it feels sturdy and well made. I would reccomend this keyboard to anyone. It is a great all around keyboard with either USB or PS2 connectability
 I have been into MP3s since 1996 - I used winplay, and l3enc, and thought it was the most amazing thing ever.  I bought one of the first CD based MP3 players, and then a Nomad Jukebox with a whopping 6 gig hard disk... next was the 10 gig model, and then I upgraded to the Nomad Zen 20gig with USB 2.0.  The Zen went with me everywhere - Africa, Europe, My living room.  I have been into MP3s since 1996 - I used winplay, and l3enc, and thought it was the most amazing thing ever.  I bought one of the first CD based MP3 players, and then a Nomad Jukebox with a whopping 6 gig hard disk... next was the 10 gig model, and then I upgraded to the Nomad Zen 20gig with USB 2.0.  The Zen went with me everywhere - Africa, Europe, My living room.  After about 70,000 hours of use and abuse, it finally died.  After about 70,000 hours of use and abuse, it finally died.  I needed a replacement, so I looked at iPod, and Zune, but why would I stray from Creative Labs?  Besides, it's better in every way - better screen than the ipod, better interface than the Zune, and a better battery than either one.I needed a replacement, so I looked at iPod, and Zune, but why would I stray from Creative Labs?  Besides, it's better in every way - better screen than the ipod, better interface than the Zune, and a better battery than either one.When I plugged it into my computer, I was blown away.  XP found the player, and without any drivers or proprietary (think iTunes) software, I was able to drop my non-DRM ;) mp3 files right onto the generous space available.  I was listening to my music in mere minutes without installing anything, or ever being forced to reboot my PC.  I transferred a couple of movies and I'm looking forward to my next flight
 This is my first time ever buying a really expensive MP3 player.  I bought it three weeks ago.  If I hadn't seen the Creative Zen Vision:M, I probably would have bought the Sandisk Sansa E260.  I love being able to bring my cartoon/tv shows over to a friends house so we can watch them on the tv.  There is one problem I've had with it.  I'm not sure if anyone else has had this, but there is some slight static noise that happens once in a while when I'm listening to music.  I don't think it's the MP3s, because I've never ran into the problem with my other MP3 players.  If only they would've added the video cable for the TV and kept the charger, then I would've rated it a 5
 Bought this DVD player 4 days ago and have enjoyed it ever since.  It has many features and a good picture. You can't beat the large screen. I like the zoom feature especially. Another feature I like is that the battery fits flush with the dvd player in back so that you don't have a bulky protrusion when it's attached.The sound is not loud as others have said but I have yet to find a portable DVD player that has good sound.  You'll have to use external speakers or ear phones(included). Another thing I notice is that DVD-RW or DVD+/- R are not supported. They play but the menu system does not work. You have to access the file manually. That being said I cannot find this size dvd player anywhere else for less than $299.  The shipping was fast and free.  There is a stamp on the manual stating that the unit is sold "as-is" but the unit I got was brand new and not refurbished. So far so good.  I don't thonk you will be disappointed
 I have been using this card for last 6 months, no problem so far. Rebate takes some time to arrive
 I was really pushing the limits of my mid-range Monster surge protector with 2 TVs, a 2.4Gig P4 with desktop TV, DSL, two printers, and .....drumroll please.....a fridge all crammmed into a  corner office setup about 7' wide. The Belkin Gold unit with RF/EMI suppression up to 75db cured all the rattle and hum problems with speakers, satellite signal, the "dirty" line into my modem, and a week later I haven't had to reboot my system once. Amazing!I was really pushing the limits of my mid-range Monster surge protector with 2 TVs, a 2.4Gig P4 with desktop TV, DSL, two printers, and .....drumroll please.....a fridge all crammmed into a  corner office setup about 7' wide. The Belkin Gold unit with RF/EMI suppression up to 75db cured all the rattle and hum problems with speakers, satellite signal, the "dirty" line into my modem, and a week later I haven't had to reboot my system once. Amazing!I had already had a great experience with a Belkin SurgeMaster on my Home Theater setup, so I went one level up with this "Gold" unit. One of the better investments I've made lately. I paid $60 at the local Office Depot, the price Amazon is advertising is ridiculously low at $35. Belkin.com's price is about $70 so my advice is to buy this unit now before somebody at Amazon wakes up  and jacks the price.
 I bought this recorder to use as backup for real-time event video recording.  I have also used it concert settings.  The record quality is astounding, full range of dynamics, using both the stereo mini-plug input and the 1/4" inputs.  It is mostly being used now to plug into sound boards to record long event audio.  First thing I did was to upgrade to a 4GB Compactflash card.  The provided card is too limited.I bought this recorder to use as backup for real-time event video recording.  I have also used it concert settings.  The record quality is astounding, full range of dynamics, using both the stereo mini-plug input and the 1/4" inputs.  It is mostly being used now to plug into sound boards to record long event audio.  First thing I did was to upgrade to a 4GB Compactflash card.  The provided card is too limited.Battery life is adequate for hour plus recordings, and connection and downloading to PC is a breeze.  The WAV files are really high quality.Battery life is adequate for hour plus recordings, and connection and downloading to PC is a breeze.  The WAV files are really high quality.It all works as advertised.  The only minor glitch I have had, is that when you first try to start a recording, it gives a "media full" message, even tho the media is empty.  Then you select record again and it records just fine.  I went several iterations with Tech Support, who were very friendly and helpful, but the problem has not been resolved.  I also suspect the 3rd part flash card may be contributing to this glitch.  I would buy this recorder again
 I am glad I bought this backpack. It exceeded all my expectations. I strongly recommend this one
 +Built very sturdy, with no flimsy plastic parts  +Fits right into the palm of your hand, though it may be a bit thick+Music quality and screen clarity is superb, superior to other counterparts. +Easy to use software.  +FM radio and voice recorder is a definite plus!+FM radio and voice recorder is a definite plus!-Controls takes getting used to-Can't listem to music while viewing pictures.-Can't listem to music while viewing pictures.Definitely a great buy. You will not be disappointed
 I got this less robust remote because I only wanted to use it on one system. And I was able to set it up and program all the different buttons, and it all fits nicely in my hand. They have great customer support available on the weekends. The best part is everything goes on and off with one button! I got this less robust remote because I only wanted to use it on one system. And I was able to set it up and program all the different buttons, and it all fits nicely in my hand. They have great customer support available on the weekends. The best part is everything goes on and off with one button! THE DRAWBACKS: a couple of buttons you can't program or use for anything. And my goofey tv has 3 component modes and this thing is set up for 2, so getting it  to sink up right is tricky, and it's constantly getting out of sink.
 I must say Moster XP speaker wire makes a huge sound inprovement on mt 6.1 home theater setup my side and rear channels are so clear and crisp .I have these runing threw my walls and ceiling and the intall was a brezz do the jacket by these cables you will love them for your surond speakersWayne mn
 I am a soldier serving in Iraq.  I bought an Ipod while deployed and figured it would get ruined by the dirt, dust and my combat duties.  I was fortunate to find the iSkin Eclipse.  It is perfect for this environment.  It completely encases the ipod to protect it from dirt and dust.  It also has a hard exterior faceplate the protects the ipod from damage.  I am a soldier serving in Iraq.  I bought an Ipod while deployed and figured it would get ruined by the dirt, dust and my combat duties.  I was fortunate to find the iSkin Eclipse.  It is perfect for this environment.  It completely encases the ipod to protect it from dirt and dust.  It also has a hard exterior faceplate the protects the ipod from damage.  The Eclipse also makes it easy to use the controls; even when playing the new games put out by itunes.The Eclipse also makes it easy to use the controls; even when playing the new games put out by itunes.To put it simply I am one happy soldier, thanks to the iskin Eclipse
 It helps proteck your ipod veary well. I already broke one ipod some how but with this case it well never happen agai
 Ok, so I upgraded form a 30 inch LCD to a 50" Plasma screen, all the sales guys kept trying to get me to buy a power center.  I came home did some research and chose this one, if it didn't improve sound or picture at least i knew that the equipment was protected from power surges.  Ok, so I upgraded form a 30 inch LCD to a 50" Plasma screen, all the sales guys kept trying to get me to buy a power center.  I came home did some research and chose this one, if it didn't improve sound or picture at least i knew that the equipment was protected from power surges.  I hooked everything up last light and turns it one.  OMG!!!! amazing, my Yamaha receiver and Wharfdale Diamonds 8.2 no longer sounded muddy but insted bright and even toned, the kick from the sub was tight no sloppy and precise, it turned a good system into an eye opener.  The Sony progressive scan and LG plasma now are like looking at real people no a screen , the HD stiff is simply the best , digital cable it good and the dvd's are quite near HD.  All in all I would highly reccomend this to anyone.  I hooked everything up last light and turns it one.  OMG!!!! amazing, my Yamaha receiver and Wharfdale Diamonds 8.2 no longer sounded muddy but insted bright and even toned, the kick from the sub was tight no sloppy and precise, it turned a good system into an eye opener.  The Sony progressive scan and LG plasma now are like looking at real people no a screen , the HD stiff is simply the best , digital cable it good and the dvd's are quite near HD.  All in all I would highly reccomend this to anyone.  The blue light is quite bright but i placed a piece of blue painters tape over it and it is no longer a problem.  the voltage meter light is adjustable and not an issue. I now know the voltage in my home ranges between 123.5 to 121
 Needed better protection than my $10 surge protector for my HT setup now that I have a couple DVRs & a plasma.  Filtering would be a nice side benefit too.  Very little $$ more than the power-strip design units I was looking at (& now I see it dropped even lower!).Needed better protection than my $10 surge protector for my HT setup now that I have a couple DVRs & a plasma.  Filtering would be a nice side benefit too.  Very little $$ more than the power-strip design units I was looking at (& now I see it dropped even lower!).Pros: Build quality, fit & finish, plenty of outlets & diversity of outlets for me, nice form-factor compared to power-strip design, cool looking LEDs & meter.Pros: Build quality, fit & finish, plenty of outlets & diversity of outlets for me, nice form-factor compared to power-strip design, cool looking LEDs & meter.Cons: Those cool looking LEDs cannot be dimmed & are too bright (esp the blue one!) if facing HT viewers.  I just blocked the LEDs w/a black card.  CABLE/SAT cable filtering no good for my digital cable provider (Cablevision)... Caused more artifacts on HD channels, so couldn't use the cable line filter.Cons: Those cool looking LEDs cannot be dimmed & are too bright (esp the blue one!) if facing HT viewers.  I just blocked the LEDs w/a black card.  CABLE/SAT cable filtering no good for my digital cable provider (Cablevision)... Caused more artifacts on HD channels, so couldn't use the cable line filter.Bottom line: Seems a great deal esp at the new even lower pricing @ Amazon
 Actually 4 and a half stars...I borrowed one of these Logic3 amplified Ipod speaker systems for a weekend camping trip and was impressed with the sound and portability. I decided to buy one of my own after looked at several other makes and models all of which were more money. Plenty of connectivity along with base adapters to hold most Ipod models securely. The little subwoofer and 'ambiance' switch make decent sound even at non-annoyingly low volume levels. Close to being a steal at the $59.00 I paid for i
 Excellent sound from phones and microphone. Comfortable on head and ears. Plenty of cable. On cable controls are handy.
 I was looking for something suitable to house my sansa, and this fit the bill better than most. The leather case is superb, looking sharp, snug and protective. I enjoy the fact you can still easily access the buttons and menus through it. Both the leather case and the larger case have an atachee on the back, if you wished to connect them to the cord that comes with it. The cleaning cloth works as well as any lense cloth, great for cleaning. The screen protector is a pain in the rear to apply without bubbles, still haven't figured out how yet, and I may trim it to make it more visually appealing. But, really, if you invest in a product such as this, it really makes sense to protect the easily scratched screen! The larger case is compact and protective, having a small storage area, yet the cover is a bit unsightly because of the cheap, generic looking Sansa logo. Only other complaint is that the leather case goes on a belt, but not as a removable type. Only if you put it on when putting on the belt, which can be impractical in some circumstances. This way, I suppose, it wouldn't be able to fall off
 I wasnt sure how these Iron-Ons would work since one of the ratings on them was negative. But I just did a practice iron-on on my daughters shirts. It was so easy and they peeled off very well. My girls love their shirts with their own pictures on them. These are a great buy and worth their money
 While thinking of ideas for my church's 75th anniversary celebration, I  decided to make T-shirts and sweatshirts using iron-on transfers and my ink  jet printer. I chose the &quot;invent it!&quot; brand from Hammermill  papers because it was the most cost-effective (cheapest). I created the  design on my computer and tried it out on the transfer paper. The results  were outstanding for a do-it-yourself project. I followed the instructions  included with the transfers and it was a piece of cake. One thing that I  did find out - keep the transfers dry after they have been printed. One got  wet in the rain and it spotted very badly wherever a rain drop came in  contact. This product also does a very good job in black and white, not  just in color. The shirts that I did, laundered according to the  instructions, came out of the wash lookin' good. I won't hesitate to use  this product again in the future. However, I am now having trouble buying  it locally, since my previous source no longer handles this product
 We purchased the YSP-1 in August as a companion to our Hitachi Ultravision wall-mounted television.  What a fabulous piece of audio equipment!We purchased the YSP-1 in August as a companion to our Hitachi Ultravision wall-mounted television.  What a fabulous piece of audio equipment!When we began searching for a replacement for our Infiniti surround system, my husband and I had different concerns.  He is an audiophile that demands wide range digital sound with full depth of field and I was ready for aestethic simplicity (no speakers throughout the room and wires everywhere).  When we found the YSP-1 we thought it was too good to be true.  One speaker instead of five?  Wall-mounted?  Doesn't take up any floor space?  We visited two Yamaha dealers to see it for ourselves.  One had the YSP-1 set up in a room environment.  The other, on the salesroom floor.  In both set-ups it performed consistantly.  In both demonstrations however, my husband felt the low-end sound could use enhancement.  So, we made the purchase and opted to use the YSP-1 with our existing subwoofer.  Installation was fairly simple, provided you have the necessary tools.  The most important, and time-consuming part was leveling and centering the speaker under the television.  Now that it is installed and in use in our home, I feel the low-end sound is quite adequate and prefer not to use the sub-woofer.  My husband though, prefers the earth-shaking action sequences in movies to mimic their intended theatre quality sound.  More than movies the sound quality you get when listening to CDs is absolutely stunning.  Overall, we both got what we wanted.  Expert sound designation and sleek, minimalistic styling (with the added bonus of more floor and wall space). 
 You bought the IPOD Nano basically for its looks.  Buy this for the same reason.  Its so cute and fits your Nano exactly as you wish.  I bought an item from another company and though it was cheaper, it looked dirty on my computer table.  This one has the "Apple" look
 I chose these by reading other reviews on Amazon.  I am pleased with them and recommend them. Good sound, light weight.  The best feature is that they do NOT leak sound yet you can still hear loud noises around you.  This is perfect for an ipod-using NYC subway rider.   Don't want to annoy others by leaking sound, but you have to be able to hear if there is exterior noise, at least enough to know to turn down the sound and find out what's going on.I chose these by reading other reviews on Amazon.  I am pleased with them and recommend them. Good sound, light weight.  The best feature is that they do NOT leak sound yet you can still hear loud noises around you.  This is perfect for an ipod-using NYC subway rider.   Don't want to annoy others by leaking sound, but you have to be able to hear if there is exterior noise, at least enough to know to turn down the sound and find out what's going on.Only con - Once you lose or wear out the removable spongy pieces I'm not sure where you can get replacements
 These ear buds are great for people with small ears.  I've tried several and these are by far the best.  It comes with 3 sizes of buds and the smallest work best for me
 This is a terrific phone.  It has a ton of great features and the three handsets is very convenient.  This is the only phone that I use now.  I only keep one analog phone for power outages.  If you're looking to clean up a little bit of phone clutter this is a great way to do it
 We are very satisfied with our purchase.  This phone system is great and very easy to use.  Super clarity, volume, etc.  Also, super fast shipping from Amazon.  I chose Super Saver shipping and it arrived in less than 24 hours
 I saw the other reviews and was hoping I would have the same experience as the happy reviewers. Well, I got the cam and it was easy to install like they say. It just takes a little tinkering, with the PC options before you use it. With the mic and software it comes with, you get a lot for your money! If I bought a cam in the store, I would have been mad to lose out on this PC camera. It is SWEET
 ok mimo is becomming popular ....i dont give a darn.ok mimo is becomming popular ....i dont give a darn.my home net work relies on a cable modem(moto4200)+wlanRoutermy home net work relies on a cable modem(moto4200)+wlanRoutermy house is 2 story high and it's made of steelbar re-enforcedmy house is 2 story high and it's made of steelbar re-enforcedconcrete... with brick wall here and there...concrete... with brick wall here and there...since the internet performenc is lower then 9mbits max...since the internet performenc is lower then 9mbits max...all i wanted was penatration through the concrete floor..all i wanted was penatration through the concrete floor..i 'v used pen type? usb adapters and so on ...but they werei 'v used pen type? usb adapters and so on ...but they werealways short in range ...but g120 was another demention ...always short in range ...but g120 was another demention ...allover the house allrange !when i put this close to the wallallover the house allrange !when i put this close to the walladjacent to the negihbor's house, i was able to update my adjacent to the negihbor's house, i was able to update my neighbor's router firmware (i've done it twice already)neighbor's router firmware (i've done it twice already)speed is not the main concern in my case .speed is not the main concern in my case .but you guys should know about it's response speed . its abut you guys should know about it's response speed . its alittle slower then pcmcia types even if i use usb2.0 connectionlittle slower then pcmcia types even if i use usb2.0 connectionbut i think thats because my lap top is running xp-pro onbut i think thats because my lap top is running xp-pro onceleron 800/256mbram. as long as you have a good pc celeron 800/256mbram. as long as you have a good pc (faster then mine~!)(faster then mine~!)you wont have any problems. it's not that hot dont worry!you wont have any problems. it's not that hot dont worry!i wont give this product 5stars because it's not small enough.i wont give this product 5stars because it's not small enough.who needs mimo. !who needs mimo. !ps: use the zero config not the stupid utility
 This extension cord did what it was supposed to do and did it just fine.  No problems whatsoever
 As soon as I bought this from Amazon, the price went up from $21 to $ 37.  I was going to buy another one, but the price is too high.  Overall, this is a great product it has everything you need.  As soon as I bought this from Amazon, the price went up from $21 to $ 37.  I was going to buy another one, but the price is too high.  Overall, this is a great product it has everything you need.  However, I wouldn't buy it at the current price, I'm waiting for the price to go down before I buy another one
 work fine with my hp pavillion zd7050. increase the performance of my laptop
 I tried all the rubber vinyl plugs that came with the E3C's, but they all had the shortcoming of not effectively sealing the ear canal making bass very poor, and they were uncomfortable.  The yellow foam plugs are easy to use and work just like the ear foams many people use in industrial applications.  They effectively seal the ear canal and are very comfortable.  Although they seem a bit expensive I've found that once they get dirty you can use water and a bit of dish detergent to clean them.  Just soak, squeeze, rinse and let them air dry and they are as good as new.  You can do this three or four times, then just toss them away.  I tried all the rubber vinyl plugs that came with the E3C's, but they all had the shortcoming of not effectively sealing the ear canal making bass very poor, and they were uncomfortable.  The yellow foam plugs are easy to use and work just like the ear foams many people use in industrial applications.  They effectively seal the ear canal and are very comfortable.  Although they seem a bit expensive I've found that once they get dirty you can use water and a bit of dish detergent to clean them.  Just soak, squeeze, rinse and let them air dry and they are as good as new.  You can do this three or four times, then just toss them away.  Highly recommended
 Once THE speaker of choice for every hard rockin' audiophile with a big enough garage, Klipsch fell off the landscape for a while after being sold to a corporate conglomerate that didn't know the real value of what they'd bought.  But after another buyout by a small group of genuine audiophiles, Klipsch is back on top, from a sound quality standpoint -- and it shows in the ProMedia 2.1 THX.Once THE speaker of choice for every hard rockin' audiophile with a big enough garage, Klipsch fell off the landscape for a while after being sold to a corporate conglomerate that didn't know the real value of what they'd bought.  But after another buyout by a small group of genuine audiophiles, Klipsch is back on top, from a sound quality standpoint -- and it shows in the ProMedia 2.1 THX.I have my trio connected to a new Mac Pro desktop unit and the sound is absolutely magical.  Yes, there are more complex set-ups, with 5 or 7 speakers spread out across the room, but if you just want the magic without the madness, the Klipsch ProMedia 2.1 THX is an incredible (and very affordable) solution that's quick and easy to configure in about 5 minutes.I have my trio connected to a new Mac Pro desktop unit and the sound is absolutely magical.  Yes, there are more complex set-ups, with 5 or 7 speakers spread out across the room, but if you just want the magic without the madness, the Klipsch ProMedia 2.1 THX is an incredible (and very affordable) solution that's quick and easy to configure in about 5 minutes.Of course, there are other 3-speaker desktop systems by makers like Logitech, Cyber Acoustics, and Intec, but here's the difference: Klipsch is a true speaker company that connects great speakers to your computer, while those others are computer peripherals companies that one day decided to make speakers.  NOT the same thing.  The only brands that are true competitors to Klipsch in this area are Bose, Harman Kardon, JBL, and Altec Lansing.  I find that the Altec Lansing and JBL 3-speaker sets both sound nasal and "tinny" on the high end, while the Bose and Harman Kardon sets sound great, but are more expensive.  So, after a good look (and listen) around, I went with Klipsch.Of course, there are other 3-speaker desktop systems by makers like Logitech, Cyber Acoustics, and Intec, but here's the difference: Klipsch is a true speaker company that connects great speakers to your computer, while those others are computer peripherals companies that one day decided to make speakers.  NOT the same thing.  The only brands that are true competitors to Klipsch in this area are Bose, Harman Kardon, JBL, and Altec Lansing.  I find that the Altec Lansing and JBL 3-speaker sets both sound nasal and "tinny" on the high end, while the Bose and Harman Kardon sets sound great, but are more expensive.  So, after a good look (and listen) around, I went with Klipsch.In any case, this is an incredible sound set-up for your computer-based music player and should not be overlooked.  Enjoy
 This splitter was set-up as part of a configuration that splits one line from the street into three and then into sixteen ports and a line to the cable modem for a fraternity house. I used this brand of splitters and a moterola amplifier all the way through, and the results were amazing. The picture quality is crystal clear, even when almost all of the ports are in use, and the internet is blazing fast. Compared to the set-up we used to have, with some cheap splitters and a radio shack amplifier, these pieces are WELL WORTH THE SMALL EXTRA COST
 These cables are super with my new DVD player. There is absolutely no interference from my other home theater equipment. The picture is soo clear, and vivid. The cables themselves are really made well, they could hold up 100 pounds of weight no doubt. If you get these Monster cables you won't be sorry
 I previously had a 2.1 sound system for my computer, that were pretty good a few years ago when I bought them.  When I decided to replace them with these I was rather happy with my choice.  The sound is extremely clear and crisp, whether it be music or games, and I am very pleased with them.  The only downside to them is how many extra cords there are behind my desk, but you have to expect that with a 5.1 sound system
 I am glad I bought this backpack. It exceeded all my expectations. I strongly recommend this one
 These are really great. Super noise cancelling. Affordable. They cover my ears completely without problem. At first, the headset was a bit tight, so I stretched the top headband upwards a little to relax or slightly loosen it. No more problem, while still having a snug fit. These headphones also fold up very compact, have two plug adapters and a nice durable sack for storage.These are really great. Super noise cancelling. Affordable. They cover my ears completely without problem. At first, the headset was a bit tight, so I stretched the top headband upwards a little to relax or slightly loosen it. No more problem, while still having a snug fit. These headphones also fold up very compact, have two plug adapters and a nice durable sack for storage.If you buy these, just make sure they fit well for your ears. If so, these are great; if not, try another type. Like all things that touch the body, it is best to try at a local store, before you buy it. If you buy these, just make sure they fit well for your ears. If so, these are great; if not, try another type. Like all things that touch the body, it is best to try at a local store, before you buy it. This is the lowest price I have seen for this product.This is the lowest price I have seen for this product.
 I am happy with my purchase.  I only bought it because I don't like the idea of going deaf listening to loud music through earphones.  I would not use this product to entertain at a party, but it serves my needs
 On a recent trip, I was 23 hours in transit and couldn't have made it without this little device. It powered my movies and TV shows for at least 12 hours or so without a flicker. I was worried that the four AA batteries would make it heavy to carry but it didn't matter when the device was sitting on my tray table. Besides, it was comforting to know that AA batteries are ubiquitous throughout the world. By the way, I substituted the original batteries with Duracells on the advice of previous reviewers
 I bought this battery pack for a 10 day trip to Italy and I am very happy with it. I never had to change my batteries once and I listened to it all the time. Reading other people's reviews I threw out the batteries it came with and used different ones and it worked great. The only complaint I have is the suction cups aren't that great. Several times my Ipod came off the suction cups and being on a plane with minimal room and people sitting next to me trying to get my ipod off the floor is not fun. I bought this battery pack for a 10 day trip to Italy and I am very happy with it. I never had to change my batteries once and I listened to it all the time. Reading other people's reviews I threw out the batteries it came with and used different ones and it worked great. The only complaint I have is the suction cups aren't that great. Several times my Ipod came off the suction cups and being on a plane with minimal room and people sitting next to me trying to get my ipod off the floor is not fun. Overall, I recommend this product. It is a little bulky, but if you're someone like me who cannot live without music, it's a great product to have if you aren't going to be able to charge your Ipod
 I have seen many reviews about problem with the volume control.  I experienced the same thing until I realized that I mistaken the up & down buttons with the + & - buttons.  The volume works just fine on my wife's old Sony receiver.  The remote is quite nice and it does everything the iPod control could do.  As stated in others' reviews, you can't read the screen from a distance, thus rendering the ability to scroll through the menu with the remote a bit pointless.  However, it would be worse if the remote couldn't scroll through menus.I have seen many reviews about problem with the volume control.  I experienced the same thing until I realized that I mistaken the up & down buttons with the + & - buttons.  The volume works just fine on my wife's old Sony receiver.  The remote is quite nice and it does everything the iPod control could do.  As stated in others' reviews, you can't read the screen from a distance, thus rendering the ability to scroll through the menu with the remote a bit pointless.  However, it would be worse if the remote couldn't scroll through menus.It is compatible with the latest video iPod.  I have the 60 gig iPod but I do notice a slight hiss coming out from the speakers.  I listen to classical music and the hiss bothers me.  I bought this for my wife and she is not as picky as I am in terms of sound quality.  Then again, I don't expect high fidelity quality from this small setup.  Since I have this little gadget for my wife, I bought the Squeezebox for myself from Slim Devices to stream music which sounds a lot better.It is compatible with the latest video iPod.  I have the 60 gig iPod but I do notice a slight hiss coming out from the speakers.  I listen to classical music and the hiss bothers me.  I bought this for my wife and she is not as picky as I am in terms of sound quality.  Then again, I don't expect high fidelity quality from this small setup.  Since I have this little gadget for my wife, I bought the Squeezebox for myself from Slim Devices to stream music which sounds a lot better.In summary, this dock does a good job and the design is not bad.  The construction is solid and I like the light on the remote.  If you are looking for great sound quality, I haven't encountered any dock that is better than this one, so this might be your best bet.  The Apple A/V cables work fine as well but it is more expensive than the dock and I see more value in this dock
 I'm really happy with this purchase. I was worried that it would not work with Rhapsody (which is the media player I use the most), but it proved to work well with it. In fact, it works with all the media player I've thrown at it, including Windows Media Player, MediaLife, RealPlayer, iTunes, Rhapsody, DivX Player, WinDVD, and PowerDVD. I'm really happy with this purchase. I was worried that it would not work with Rhapsody (which is the media player I use the most), but it proved to work well with it. In fact, it works with all the media player I've thrown at it, including Windows Media Player, MediaLife, RealPlayer, iTunes, Rhapsody, DivX Player, WinDVD, and PowerDVD. All the buttons are functional (and I worship functionality - hence the 5 stars), although Firefox users have to deal with extra configuration steps to make the back and forward button work. No biggies, though, since setting up is really easy. Basically all you have to do is open the SetPoint software that was installed with the driver, point to the intended buttons that you want to program, and assign a corresponding keystroke to it. In this case, it's Alt+Right for forward button and Alt+Left for back button. Click "Apply" and you're good to go a-browsin'!!All the buttons are functional (and I worship functionality - hence the 5 stars), although Firefox users have to deal with extra configuration steps to make the back and forward button work. No biggies, though, since setting up is really easy. Basically all you have to do is open the SetPoint software that was installed with the driver, point to the intended buttons that you want to program, and assign a corresponding keystroke to it. In this case, it's Alt+Right for forward button and Alt+Left for back button. Click "Apply" and you're good to go a-browsin'!!Battery life so far is really good - it's been going on the same set of Duracell AA batteries since I got it 3 months ago, and still going strong. Battery life so far is really good - it's been going on the same set of Duracell AA batteries since I got it 3 months ago, and still going strong. The RF range is really good, although admittedly my room isn't big enough to really put its range to the test. Dorm-dweller users should be happy with the range, though. You could just lie on your bed and only lift one finger to control your music or movie.The RF range is really good, although admittedly my room isn't big enough to really put its range to the test. Dorm-dweller users should be happy with the range, though. You could just lie on your bed and only lift one finger to control your music or movie.This mouse is also great looking; not cheap-plasticky but actually sharp and slick. It does feel a bit odd to the grip when using as a remote control, but as a mouse it's really sturdy and ergonomic. This mouse is also great looking; not cheap-plasticky but actually sharp and slick. It does feel a bit odd to the grip when using as a remote control, but as a mouse it's really sturdy and ergonomic. I can't comment on installation since it's been a while since I first used it, but I guess no impression is good impression - if it was troublesome I'm sure I'd remember.I can't comment on installation since it's been a while since I first used it, but I guess no impression is good impression - if it was troublesome I'm sure I'd remember.I'd second the other reviewer's gripe about how most cordless keyboards come with a mouse, and this fantastic mouse doesn't come with a cordless keyboard... But it's a great buy, all in all
 It would seem, even to a non-tech, that someone has switched your Uniden mobile/base tech. data around. Secondly, terms such as &quot;standard&quot; mean less than trustworthy when applied to sensitivity and selectivity. Please don't feel I berate these 2 fine products.However as I am a com/tech. I would like the actual bench test measurements for an informed recom/purchases.Also I would like to know If Cobra 1000 or 2000 series are availible as they still have the best selectivity and sensitivity that I have had on my bench yet.Thank Yo
 Until an accident caused one bud to stop emitting sound, these were my favorite pair of earphones. They were comfortable (I often left them in when I went to sleep), affordable, lightweight, durable, and had good sound quality. I used them with my Sony CFD-V5 boombox, my Oritron OP5034 portable CD player, and my RCA RP2410 MP3-CD player. On all three, bass and detail was great, and there was no distortion at a higher volume. All in all, these earphones were a great value; the only possible downside is a bit of fuzziness in the sound, which I got used to rather quickly and began to prefer over my other earphones (it lent a bit of warmth to the music). I plan to buy another pair in the near future, and I highly recommend that you do so as well
 Ordering was fast and easy.  Could not detect any inferiority in the cartridges and will order them again
 I received it today, and it's a monster.  If you've seen one in a store, it looks twice as big on your desk.  Until a few hours ago, I was running two 20" aluminum cinema displays on a PNY 6600GT.  After doing online research about using the 30" display under Windows XP, I found that the "functional" cheap solution being used is in fact the PNY 6600GT (Verto 128MB DDR3 with two DVI connectors).  Considering that the other two most noted solutions, QuadroFX 4000 AGP or Parhelia DL256 PCI, are going for $600+ on ebay, I was willing to give my old beater a try.  Besides, I didn't feel like buying another AGP card with PCIE taking over the world, or sacrificing the only PCI slot in my Shuttle XPC (SB75G2).I received it today, and it's a monster.  If you've seen one in a store, it looks twice as big on your desk.  Until a few hours ago, I was running two 20" aluminum cinema displays on a PNY 6600GT.  After doing online research about using the 30" display under Windows XP, I found that the "functional" cheap solution being used is in fact the PNY 6600GT (Verto 128MB DDR3 with two DVI connectors).  Considering that the other two most noted solutions, QuadroFX 4000 AGP or Parhelia DL256 PCI, are going for $600+ on ebay, I was willing to give my old beater a try.  Besides, I didn't feel like buying another AGP card with PCIE taking over the world, or sacrificing the only PCI slot in my Shuttle XPC (SB75G2).To my great relief, the monitor worked on the card right away, even showing me the POST and Windows start-up screen (it did for the 20" displays, too).  But to my absolute delight, the card is actually running both the 30" and a 20" in 32-bit color.  The 20" looks absurdly small next to the 30", like I didn't water it enough or something.  The 30" is enormous enough that I think it might be better were it curved!  Maybe I'm just sitting too close.To my great relief, the monitor worked on the card right away, even showing me the POST and Windows start-up screen (it did for the 20" displays, too).  But to my absolute delight, the card is actually running both the 30" and a 20" in 32-bit color.  The 20" looks absurdly small next to the 30", like I didn't water it enough or something.  The 30" is enormous enough that I think it might be better were it curved!  Maybe I'm just sitting too close.The only problem with the 6600GT is that the DVI jacks are so near each other that I had to take the plastic housing off of the 20" plug to fit it below the 30".  I'm not a gamer, so I can't say whether the card performs well for that.  It feels as zippy as with the 20" on regular windowing tasks.  I use Eclipse, Flash, Photoshop, etc., but no video editing or 3D stuff.The only problem with the 6600GT is that the DVI jacks are so near each other that I had to take the plastic housing off of the 20" plug to fit it below the 30".  I'm not a gamer, so I can't say whether the card performs well for that.  It feels as zippy as with the 20" on regular windowing tasks.  I use Eclipse, Flash, Photoshop, etc., but no video editing or 3D stuff.The screen had a slight warm cast that I didn't like.  Nvidia's control panel let me adjust it manually, and now my 30" and 20" look almost identical.  My biggest fear was of course dead pixels.  By the good grace of lucky ducks, this is the third panel I've gotten from Apple with no dead pixels.  Brightness is uniform but for a very very subtle drop in the far lower left and right edges.  It's not apparent unless you put white there and actively look for it.The screen had a slight warm cast that I didn't like.  Nvidia's control panel let me adjust it manually, and now my 30" and 20" look almost identical.  My biggest fear was of course dead pixels.  By the good grace of lucky ducks, this is the third panel I've gotten from Apple with no dead pixels.  Brightness is uniform but for a very very subtle drop in the far lower left and right edges.  It's not apparent unless you put white there and actively look for it.In any case, I bought it to get more programming panels on the screen at once, and it does a fine job at that.  I'm using the 20" for browsing and, alas, a few panels that STILL don't fit.  Apple, where's 3840 x 2400??  I strip one star cuz it's crazy expensive.
 This screen is great.Upgraded from a 23" and the increase in realestate is awesome.You can play games with crystal clarity; have so many pages up and read them clearly.You will need a graphics card that supports Dual-link DVI, not a card that says dual DVI.I installed the GeForce 7800 GT on my PC and it works flawlessly!The Quadro cards are great, but big $$$.The 7800GT can be had for under $300!The 7800GT can be had for under $300!Here's a list of cards for PC and Apple:NVIDIA Geforce 6800Ultra DDL AGP for Powermac G5NVIDIA Geforce 6800GT DDL AGP for Powermac G5NVIDIA Geforce 6600 PCI Express for Powermac G5(PCI Express)NVIDIA Geforce 7800GT PCI Express for Powermac G5(PCI Express)NVIDIA QuadroFX 4500 PCI Express for Powermac G5(PCI Express)NVIDIA QuadroFX 4500 PCI Express for Powermac G5(PCI Express)For the PC Windows platform, the following graphic cards support the Apple 30" Cinema Display:For the PC Windows platform, the following graphic cards support the Apple 30" Cinema Display:NVIDIA QuadroFX 2000NVIDIA QuadroFX 3000NVIDIA QuadroFX 3400NVIDIA QuadroFX 3450NVIDIA QuadroFX 4000NVIDIA QuadroFX 4400NVIDIA QuadroFX 4500NVIDIA Geforce 7800GTNVIDIA Geforce 7800GTXNVIDIA Geforce 7800GTX 512NVIDIA Geforce 7800GTX 512
 Outstanding item. Plenty of room to carry dvds. Enough padding to protect the player, but not too bulky
 I ordered v8 as soon as it was advertised by Garmin but they shipped v7 instead.  Six weeks later I got the v8 update dvd.  My wife and kids had to make due with v7 while in Madrid.  She was pleased with the accuracy and said it enabled her to travel around with confidence.  However, she noted that Madrid was undergoing quite a bit of major road construction and she got stuck in multiple traffic jams on the major highways.  In the end, she would veer away from the major roads and let the unit re-calculate her route. 
 If you understand this product's limits before you buy it, you'll be happy.  It shows topographical contours, rivers and most streams for the entire United States.  In addition to that, it shows roads that were in existance 10-20 years ago.  These major roads are also named.If you understand this product's limits before you buy it, you'll be happy.  It shows topographical contours, rivers and most streams for the entire United States.  In addition to that, it shows roads that were in existance 10-20 years ago.  These major roads are also named.The limit is that newer roads don't show up.  It also doesn't support auto-routing, even if your GPS does.  Garmin sells other products that are tailored for road navigation but you have to do some independant research or logical deduction to figure out that this package isn't suited for it.The limit is that newer roads don't show up.  It also doesn't support auto-routing, even if your GPS does.  Garmin sells other products that are tailored for road navigation but you have to do some independant research or logical deduction to figure out that this package isn't suited for it.The product support could be better.  Neither the manual nor web site tell you how to load all 3 CDs on your computer so you don't have to swap CDs when transitioning between zones.  The company's web site doesn't give a good explanation of what the software can and can't do.The product support could be better.  Neither the manual nor web site tell you how to load all 3 CDs on your computer so you don't have to swap CDs when transitioning between zones.  The company's web site doesn't give a good explanation of what the software can and can't do.You'll be disappointed if your expectations aren't grounded in reality.  Garmin could help alleviate this problem by making this information readily available
 I am very pleased with my purchase of the Envision EN-7100 monitor. It arrived in perfect condition, no dead pixels. I resisted spending the money on a new monitor for a long time, but now I'm glad I made the switch to LCD. The color and clarity is wonderful. Most of all, I love having all this extra space on my desk. For the money, this is a great monitor
 I just recently bought a Sony DVP-S560D model DVD player to replace my  older, more out of date player. I hooked it up, and to my surprise, it  wasn't any better than my old player as far as quality. Then I purchased  S-Video cables from Monster Video and now the colors are more vibrant, the  picture is in higher-res, and I can see every little detail on the screen.  The picture quality that these S-Video cables produce are surpassed only by  component video cables, which cost many times more the price. If you are  considering buying these cables then just consider that for the price of  only one DVD, you can get better performance and picture quality
 I wanted to thank amazon for their quick response to my first order not arriving. within a week they sent me another. I have been using it everyday, and have not gotton lost. I install wood flooring in NJ PA NY, works like a charm. I use it with my palm treo 700P.
 For the most part, I do find HP ink to be the best.  However, every now and then a new ink cartridge is bad. One of the colors doesn't print for some reason.  My opinion is that these ink cartridges are just too expensive to be getting any bad ones
 I used this card on my Nokia N70 for storing mp3 files. Granted I can't fit my entire music collection on it, but if I wanted to, I'd buy an iPod. This is perfect for listening to my favourite songs on the go, as well as taking pictures and video clips! Highly recommended
 I purchased this product to use with my Camera. The charging lasts very good time. Would recommend this product to others. Good work Amazon
 I love sound systems. So when I got my new reciever (Sony STR-DE898/B) I hooked up the new speaker wires with the THX Certified Gold Plated speaker connectors and wow what a difference. I miscalculated how much wire I needed so my rear right speaker does not have the new speaker wire, I can hear a light and day difference in sound quality. Needless to say I'm ordering more to complete the job. The monster fiber optic cable is a must as well. I can hear sounds that I normally couldn't on my old system. I like testing sound with: The Hulk (the scene were he tears up the tanks), Saving Private Ryan (taking the beach), and Open Range (Gunfight at the end of the movie). In all these movies there are small sounds that you can distinctly hear now that I could not before the new wire and connectors. Excellent product
 This is my first mp3 player so I researched it carefully before making my decision. The gorgeous screen, the wide number of codecs it supports and the 30gb hard drive were all selling points. I'm so glad I bought it. Videos look great on the screen. Some need to be converted over which is a slow process but in general I love it. The built in speaker doesn't do it justice. Even on the included earbuds the sounds quality is amazing. Making playlists with the creative software is very easy. My biggest problem is the lag of accessories for it. No case, no screen protectors out for it. I'd love to see a docking station that lets you record to it as a dvr the way the archos players do. But for the money it looks to me to be a far superior player to the Ipod or the Zune.
 This adapter can not be used with the Garmin 330
 A little bouncy while running, but a convenient product.  Fits perfectly around all of my MP3 players (large and small)
 This is a great phone. Memory is easy to progam. The phone has 3 memory keys for emergenies and 9 additional memory keys for personal numbers. It can be used on a desk or hung on the wall. The only thing I don't like about the phone is the buttons on the handset. However, I knew about this feature before purchasing the phone. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a good basic phone
 I did a lot of research on Amazon.com before I finally decided on this mouse.  I wanted to replace my (extremely) small Kensington USB mouse with a retractable cable.  At home, I use a Wacom tablet.  Next month I am traveling abroad, so I wanted a slightly bigger mouse that can handle more frequent use than the Kensington.  Wireless was key for portability.  I also wanted something rechargeable, and I didn't want the USB adapter sticking out.I did a lot of research on Amazon.com before I finally decided on this mouse.  I wanted to replace my (extremely) small Kensington USB mouse with a retractable cable.  At home, I use a Wacom tablet.  Next month I am traveling abroad, so I wanted a slightly bigger mouse that can handle more frequent use than the Kensington.  Wireless was key for portability.  I also wanted something rechargeable, and I didn't want the USB adapter sticking out.I received it today, and I'm on my first charge.  So no comments on batteries (which can be replaced with other AAA NiMH for optimal performance if desired anyway).I received it today, and I'm on my first charge.  So no comments on batteries (which can be replaced with other AAA NiMH for optimal performance if desired anyway).- I have large but skinny hands.  Mouse is small, but its long length helps in terms of where to place your fingers.  Of course convenience is not comparable to a full-size mouse, but if you want portability, this is about the right size.- I have large but skinny hands.  Mouse is small, but its long length helps in terms of where to place your fingers.  Of course convenience is not comparable to a full-size mouse, but if you want portability, this is about the right size.- I have a PowerBook that runs Tiger (10.4).  Excellent Bluetooth connection.  Also very good response, very little delay.  Only reservation is for the scroll wheel, which requires subtle pressure for accurate scrolling - this is ever so slightly uncomfortable if you have large hands, because the mouse is flat and your hand is adjusted over the mouse so that it is a bit hard to apply adequate vertical pressure on the scroll wheel from that position.  It is hard to explain, but not a big issue for me. - I have a PowerBook that runs Tiger (10.4).  Excellent Bluetooth connection.  Also very good response, very little delay.  Only reservation is for the scroll wheel, which requires subtle pressure for accurate scrolling - this is ever so slightly uncomfortable if you have large hands, because the mouse is flat and your hand is adjusted over the mouse so that it is a bit hard to apply adequate vertical pressure on the scroll wheel from that position.  It is hard to explain, but not a big issue for me. - USB charger works well.  The added size of the USB adapter helps with comfortability (still flat, but becomes an otherwise full-sized mouse) - despite the fact that the cable attaches to the bottom of the mouse.- USB charger works well.  The added size of the USB adapter helps with comfortability (still flat, but becomes an otherwise full-sized mouse) - despite the fact that the cable attaches to the bottom of the mouse.- As mentioned by others, installing the batteries is a challenge.  Pull the notch on the bottom of the mouse as you slide the top (part with the Anycom label) away from the clickers.  Once I figured it out, not so hard. - As mentioned by others, installing the batteries is a challenge.  Pull the notch on the bottom of the mouse as you slide the top (part with the Anycom label) away from the clickers.  Once I figured it out, not so hard. Overall, I don't seek perfection anyway, so this mouse does the job adequately for me.  I haven't tried any other Bluetooth mouse before, so I'm more or less in awe
 This card has been working great for me so far after over a month of heavy use.  This card has been working great for me so far after over a month of heavy use.  512 MB is more than enough space for anyone with a 5 MB or less camera, assuming you transfer photos off your camera fairly regularly and are not shooting hundreds of photos at a time.  With the 1200x1600p setting I use on my camera most often, this card holds over 400 photos, and it will hold even more for those using a more email-friendly setting.  Do the math to figure out if 512 is the number for you, but I've had no problems with SanDisk products
 I have to admit, I'm a GPS junkie.  I've had a variety of GPS units over the past decade and currently own 3 - the c340 being my latest acquisition for use solely when driving.I have to admit, I'm a GPS junkie.  I've had a variety of GPS units over the past decade and currently own 3 - the c340 being my latest acquisition for use solely when driving.I am greatly impressed with this unit.  It was fast to get going right out of the box and after the initial satellite acquisition and almanac download (for those who are interested, when a GPS unit is turned off and moved a significant distance, say 300+ miles, from where it last thought it was, it needs to recalibrate itself by downloading the current almanac of satellite positions from the GPS satellites.  This can take a few minutes.) In any case, after the initial automatic recalibration, the unit acquired satellites quickly whenever I turned it on.I am greatly impressed with this unit.  It was fast to get going right out of the box and after the initial satellite acquisition and almanac download (for those who are interested, when a GPS unit is turned off and moved a significant distance, say 300+ miles, from where it last thought it was, it needs to recalibrate itself by downloading the current almanac of satellite positions from the GPS satellites.  This can take a few minutes.) In any case, after the initial automatic recalibration, the unit acquired satellites quickly whenever I turned it on.The user interface is very easy to use.  I've used Hertz NeverLost systems for years and have always thought they had a good interface.  I think Garmin's is better.The user interface is very easy to use.  I've used Hertz NeverLost systems for years and have always thought they had a good interface.  I think Garmin's is better.One highly useful feature is the ability not just to search for Points of Interest (POI), but to have the unit search for those points of interest that are along the route you are currently navigating.  This allows you to identify, say, hotels along your route while you are driving and then, using the telephone info provided by the unit, to call the hotels up and see if you can negotiate a lower rate before you arrive - "let your fingers do the walking..."One highly useful feature is the ability not just to search for Points of Interest (POI), but to have the unit search for those points of interest that are along the route you are currently navigating.  This allows you to identify, say, hotels along your route while you are driving and then, using the telephone info provided by the unit, to call the hotels up and see if you can negotiate a lower rate before you arrive - "let your fingers do the walking..."If you don't tell the unit where to look, though, it can take quite a while to search for a Point of Interest.  I didn't know which city to specify and I did a search for "Eagle Rock Rec" (I was too lazy to spell out "Eagle Rock Recreation Center" which turned out to be about 175 miles away) and the unit chugged away for several minutes but eventually came back with the right entry for me to navigate to.  I later realized that even though I didn't know the exact city the destination was in, I did know a city that was near the desired destination.  When I specified that information, the c340 took only a few seconds to find the right location.If you don't tell the unit where to look, though, it can take quite a while to search for a Point of Interest.  I didn't know which city to specify and I did a search for "Eagle Rock Rec" (I was too lazy to spell out "Eagle Rock Recreation Center" which turned out to be about 175 miles away) and the unit chugged away for several minutes but eventually came back with the right entry for me to navigate to.  I later realized that even though I didn't know the exact city the destination was in, I did know a city that was near the desired destination.  When I specified that information, the c340 took only a few seconds to find the right location.The advanced user can also create your own POI lists complete with custom icons and load those into the c340.  I have done this for all In-N-Out Burger and Krispy Kreme locations.  The advantage to having your own custom POIs even though these places are in the built-in POI list is that the custom POIs are visible on the c340 map screen at certain zoom levels.  If you are a Geocacher, you can do the same with geocaches, but you'll still need your handheld unit to find the cache.The advanced user can also create your own POI lists complete with custom icons and load those into the c340.  I have done this for all In-N-Out Burger and Krispy Kreme locations.  The advantage to having your own custom POIs even though these places are in the built-in POI list is that the custom POIs are visible on the c340 map screen at certain zoom levels.  If you are a Geocacher, you can do the same with geocaches, but you'll still need your handheld unit to find the cache.The newer (and more expensive) c5xx units evidently have the Sirf circuitry in them which is more sensitive, allowing signal acquisition indoors, but I found the sensitivity of the c340 to be fine - especially since I have limited my indoor driving lately :-). I haven't tried the c340 under a thick tree canopy with cloud cover yet, so I might change my tune.  The comparable c5xx unit at this price point, the c530, lacks the c340's text-to-speech capabilities (this prevents the c530 from announcing street names).The newer (and more expensive) c5xx units evidently have the Sirf circuitry in them which is more sensitive, allowing signal acquisition indoors, but I found the sensitivity of the c340 to be fine - especially since I have limited my indoor driving lately :-). I haven't tried the c340 under a thick tree canopy with cloud cover yet, so I might change my tune.  The comparable c5xx unit at this price point, the c530, lacks the c340's text-to-speech capabilities (this prevents the c530 from announcing street names).Since I already have a Garmin handheld GPS unit as well as Garmin's MapSource Topo mapping software, I used the unlock code that came with the c340 to unlock my MapSource maps for the unit. I then loaded the topo maps for the entire Western US onto an SD card (between 300-500 MB) and plugged it into the c340 to see what would happen.  It worked!  So now I have the c340's excellent built-in maps and POIs for on-road trips *and* Topo Maps available to me for off-road adventures.Since I already have a Garmin handheld GPS unit as well as Garmin's MapSource Topo mapping software, I used the unlock code that came with the c340 to unlock my MapSource maps for the unit. I then loaded the topo maps for the entire Western US onto an SD card (between 300-500 MB) and plugged it into the c340 to see what would happen.  It worked!  So now I have the c340's excellent built-in maps and POIs for on-road trips *and* Topo Maps available to me for off-road adventures.One thing you should do if you are in the US is enable the unit's WAAS capability (the default is for WAAS to be disabled).  Enabling this capability increases the accuracy of the unit when certain satellites are in range.One thing you should do if you are in the US is enable the unit's WAAS capability (the default is for WAAS to be disabled).  Enabling this capability increases the accuracy of the unit when certain satellites are in range.Also, since this unit has a touch-screen, fingerprints on the screen are inevitable. You should *never* use an ammonia-based product (like most window cleaners) to clean electronic screens - it will cause them to fog.  Instead, use those little antiseptic alcohol towelettes.  They are cheap and if you don't use them for cleaning your touch-screen they might come in handy for first-aid.Also, since this unit has a touch-screen, fingerprints on the screen are inevitable. You should *never* use an ammonia-based product (like most window cleaners) to clean electronic screens - it will cause them to fog.  Instead, use those little antiseptic alcohol towelettes.  They are cheap and if you don't use them for cleaning your touch-screen they might come in handy for first-aid.I give this unit a highly positive rating.  I like it
 This paper works excellent in the hp series printers. I have tryed many other makes of Photo paper and they just don't cut it. Some other makes don't dry in a timely manner, others have a dull finish them, some have a red tone. This HP Photo paper allows you to print store developed quality photos from your hp printer. You get what you pay for... This product is worth the money....
 I've used this card for a while now and i'd say that i like it overall. the power usage is great. the drivers have been vastly improved and now you are able to scan for networks. Those of you who are interested in wardriving should look elsewhere. If you want to use netstumbler or pocketwarrior in windows or kismet and airsnort in linux, either go for the linksys wcf12 (prism based) or lucent orinoco based pcmcia card. if you're looking to run just 802.11b and check email, stream music, browse the web, etc, this card will be perfect plus it'll save you some battery power
 I am a typical college student, I am not a photgrapher to be or anything, so this digital card was perfect for me. I get about 330 pictures on my second best setting and have never come close to taking that many pictures. I believe this card is great for anyone who is not obessed with taking pictures, or to someone who loads them on quickly. :
 Easy to use, nice (in appearance), very comfortable (lots of space) and at an excellent price! I highly reccomend it
 I recommend this product! is an excellent purchase option. Excellent product quality in performance and looks. No product out there in the market looks as good as this one
 The sound is fine, but the mic is not so good, too much background noise. The headset is quite "loose" but it's ok when you get used to it.
 These are the only earphones worth buying for your iPod. I tried to get some cheapies after I lost my originals, but they were horrible. These are a little expensicve, but so worth it.These are the only earphones worth buying for your iPod. I tried to get some cheapies after I lost my originals, but they were horrible. These are a little expensicve, but so worth it.I don't use the pause/skip attachment thing though. It makes the cord too long
 I'm using them a lot.Never failed - keeping up to 16x speed
 High quality disks.  Never a bad burn.  Fast delivery.  Buy this from this selle
 I opened it, I put it in my PSP and that was it. I had plenty of space on the memory stick and I personally didn't have to do any special formatting I just popped it in and that was it.I opened it, I put it in my PSP and that was it. I had plenty of space on the memory stick and I personally didn't have to do any special formatting I just popped it in and that was it.I did want to add, buy this online because in my comparison shopping it was much more expensive in brick and morter stores I visited
 Easy to install and use but the remote does not have an on/off switch
 The cd player works well, just wish the random play would work for all of the cd's instead of only one
 The product is fine however when i ordered i added a gift card to the payment. The gift card was not used and the purchase was paid in full with my credit card. Is my gift card still valid
 The Microsoft optical wheel mouse is a great product. It is worth every penny of the purchase price. A great value! It is so much better than my old mouse with the ball in it. The optical wheel mouse is much more accurate too. The best purchase I ever made
 Great quality.  I had a problem initially with XP Media Center compatibilty, but it works now after downloading an update from Logitech's website.  Recently, the sound is cutting out when communicating with my girlfriend across the country.  I think it might just be her interet connection though (we both have the same web cam).  As long as we restart the video call, then the sound comes back.  I am using Windows Live Messenger as the video call program.  I have never used the cartoons that it comes with.  The video quality is very good when recording a video for email
 The headset works great, comfortable. I just wish they had better sound quality...for instance when playing music
 I bought these headphones on the recommendation of a friend, and he was sooo right!  The moment when the noice-cancelling algorithm kicks-in on a noisy flight is just sublime. I frequently use them without input, just tuning out the background noise on the aircraft...they even work well on squalling rug-rats a few rows away...
 This amplifier works as stated.  Increased my modem downstream from -7 to +9.  No obvious loss of noise ratio and upstream signals.  All TV channels are much sharper!  The cables came with the amplifier are two RG59 cable lines.  For minimum loss of broadband signals, I suggest you replace one of them with R6 cable to carry the cable signals.  Use the RG59 for the power supply only
 If you want very basic capability this is the wireless adapter for you.  Slow but steady and inexpensive
 I bought this for my Tivo, hooked it up the day it arrived and haven't touched it since.  Great value
 People buy expensive av cables because of most people would think that more expensive cables will work better and last longer.  I've found that it's more a matter of quality control.  I'll roll the dice with cheap (price) cables untill they fail on me
 Great cable that works as advertised.  Why spend $80 on a name brand cable which performs no better or no worse.  Connected a third gen Mot 6412 DVR with HD to a Sony 36XBR800. Great picture.  A name brand cable will not transmit your digital signal 6' any better than this Cables Unlimited brand will
 The only thing you will need when you buy this package is some extra paper! I love the fact that Epson advertises realistic figures for this package. Some other printer makers do not do this!
 I installed the roady in my car a few days ago.my wife has a xm radio in her new vehile so i was some what familiar with the xm radio.the only reason i didn't give the  roady 5 stars was that the signal to the indash radio is poor.on the front of my in dash stereo there is a aux. input which i plugged my roady into and the roady plays crystal clear,however this connected is not mentioned in the roady instruction manual.i have three vehicles and all three have an aux. input on the front of the cd player that i plug my mp3 player into.xm radio was running a special and i got the unit and the car kit for 40.00.all in all the roady is awesome
 I have purchased these and other rechargeable batteries in the past. Generally I like the PowerEx batteries the best, but these Energizer batteries have really outdone the others. The seem to have the best capacity and last the longest of all the batteries I have. I have used them in my Canon S2-IS digital camera and have taken over 400 pictures during a weeklong vacation with no problems, and no recharging during the vacation
 There's no need to take anybody else's word for specs on this Sony DVD player when you can view or download, for free, the user's manual at http://esupport.sony.com/US/perl/model-documents.pl?mdl=DVPNS90V&LOC=3. I've been running this Sony DVP-NS90V player through a Sony widescreen HDTV and a Pioneer amplifier/receiver for several days now, and I find almost none of the problems and limitations mentioned by previous reviewers. One, for example, states that there is "no bass management," yet you can (a) route more or less signal to the subwoofer by selecting "small" or "large" for the front speaker size (see page 76 of the user's manual), and also (b) increase or decrease the bass from -15 dB to +5 dB (see page 77 of the manual). Whether you prefer analog to digital audio, or you think SACD's are tops, is a matter of opinion, taste and choice and not an objective evaluation of a playback unit. I, for one, prefer DVD-Audio, and I mention this for an important reason: Some product ads and the user's manual clearly warn that this unit "will NOT play DVD-Audio discs." Happy surprize: it most certainly will! For my DVD-A's that have optional Dolby 5.1 and/or DTS tracks, the player simply ignores the primary DVD-A format (normally output via the 6 analog cable connectors) but still plays the Dolby or the DTS via the digital audio (optical or coaxial) connectors. For "pure" DVD-A's (without Dolby 5.1 or DTS tracks), it conveniently outputs the audio BOTH via the 6 analog AND the digital connectors. And in all cases above, the audio is full multi-channel surround, and not downmixed to 2-channel PCM, nor Prologic pseudo-surround. The only DVD-A function it lacks is the video slideshow often included on DVD-A's, and so displays only the "jacket image" onscreen. The Quick Setup allows any DVD newbie to be up and running in a short time. And the Custom Setup is so detailed with so many fine tweaks and trouble-shooters that it's bound to please even the high-end audio-video geek-freaks. In short, you'll find this to be a superior universal player, provided you read the user's manual (all 84 pages of it!), follow it, and connect equally high-quality, compatible equipment capable of exploiting its many fine features
 ...what it has that the xr55 does not: HDMI, dual-amping of front mains now available during 5.1 playback, one extra set of component inputs, and all-channel stereo (called "party mode" on other receivers).  ...what it has that the xr55 does not: HDMI, dual-amping of front mains now available during 5.1 playback, one extra set of component inputs, and all-channel stereo (called "party mode" on other receivers).  Otherwise the internal components are identical, so expect similar performance---in other words, outstanding SQ when matched with the right speakers, blows away all other receivers under five hundred bucks and most under a thousand.  Otherwise the internal components are identical, so expect similar performance---in other words, outstanding SQ when matched with the right speakers, blows away all other receivers under five hundred bucks and most under a thousand.  See my lengthy review of the xr55 for more details.  See my lengthy review of the xr55 for more details.  Boutique audio shops do not want you to know about this product, because it'd put them out of business...they make much higher margins selling you receivers costing several times this Panasonic's prices, since their profits are usually a fixed percentage of the street price. 
 This is the second Brother HL-2070N printer i"ve owned. The first died during a storm and I forgot about electrical surges. The only negative on this printer is a slight curling of the pages. It is fast and reliable. The prints are crystal clear. I would recommend this product to everyone
 Much cheaper than other Sony machine.  Works fine -- then again, I wasn't looking for anything fancy.  Don't have problems with the speakerphone or message recording as the others did.  I like the dual keypads
 I've had my Epson 1280 for over two years now and consider it money well spent. I run exclusively on Linux (currently Gentoo) and the Linux support for this printer (using CUPS) is superb. All modes, resolutions, etc. are supported. I use this printer a lot for engineering work printing B-size (tabloid) drawings and it works great for that.I've had my Epson 1280 for over two years now and consider it money well spent. I run exclusively on Linux (currently Gentoo) and the Linux support for this printer (using CUPS) is superb. All modes, resolutions, etc. are supported. I use this printer a lot for engineering work printing B-size (tabloid) drawings and it works great for that.Like just about every review states, this printer slurps ink like Homer Simpson slurps beer. Because I don't print many color photos this is not a problem for me--if I was doing that I'd get the Niagara system other reviewers cite. I've researched the Niagara system and  it looks like a good deal for heavy users. Like just about every review states, this printer slurps ink like Homer Simpson slurps beer. Because I don't print many color photos this is not a problem for me--if I was doing that I'd get the Niagara system other reviewers cite. I've researched the Niagara system and  it looks like a good deal for heavy users. My main complaint with this printer--and the reason why it only gets four stars--is the ease with which the heads clog up. This printer wants to be used constantly. If you let it sit for a day or two it's almost guaranteed that one or more of the jets will clog up and you'll get streaks in the output. Then you have to either press the front-panel control or, in more extreme cases, run the head-unclogging utility (on Linux I use mtink) to force the printer to 'blow out' the plugged jets. When the printer does this it blasts ink through the heads wasting even more of the pricey ink. Do this enough and the reservoir the printer blasts the ink into (a sponge-sandpaper-like thing) will overflow and cause the head to smear ink all over the paper. That's when you get out the Windex and paper towels and clean up the mess (google the web for details.) Because of this 'trait' I would not recommend this printer for casual users.My main complaint with this printer--and the reason why it only gets four stars--is the ease with which the heads clog up. This printer wants to be used constantly. If you let it sit for a day or two it's almost guaranteed that one or more of the jets will clog up and you'll get streaks in the output. Then you have to either press the front-panel control or, in more extreme cases, run the head-unclogging utility (on Linux I use mtink) to force the printer to 'blow out' the plugged jets. When the printer does this it blasts ink through the heads wasting even more of the pricey ink. Do this enough and the reservoir the printer blasts the ink into (a sponge-sandpaper-like thing) will overflow and cause the head to smear ink all over the paper. That's when you get out the Windex and paper towels and clean up the mess (google the web for details.) Because of this 'trait' I would not recommend this printer for casual users.Still, for B-sized printing and high-quality photos, and considering how well supported it is under Linux, there's not much else better out there
 Having owned a 1280 for a year and a half thus far, I can say that this printer is for somone who wants a reliable and problem free large format printer that produces on target results. The drivers at least for Mac OS X are easy to understand and reliable. The ability to manage the printer such as doing a nozzle check and a head clean right from the application that is going to be printing, is a vey nice touch as well. However, it is the colors that this printer gets high reviews from me. By using mat or glossy photo paper and making the proper print settings, one can get nice rich colors that are on cue. Thus this printer makes good for doing proofs. As an artist and Graphic Designer, having this quality is a blessing since this print cost $ 400 at the time of parchase. Compare that to profesional quality workhorses going from $2000 on up. Also being able to print up to 13 x 19 save me loads of time since that cuts down on the number of trips to my local print service to have them do my print outs on there large format printers. The only minuses are that one needs a generous amout of desktop realestate to acomadate the 1280 as it is almost twice the size of a normal 8 1/2 x 11 printer. Also one needs be prepared to shell out some payolla as the ink cartriges can get pricey. But what inkjet dosen't have that problem? Anyway that little expences is nullified by savings of not having to go to my print service so often. So any one looking for a good large format printer that produces some good printouts and not have to pay an arm and a leg for it, the 1280 is a very good cadadate for that job. So I'm giving 5 stars on the Epson 128
 I ordered the 4 meter cable which was pictured with 24 pin connectors and received one with 18 pins.  Found out that the missing middle 6 pins are used to transmit audio which my monitor doesn't support anyway.  Originally, the DVI-D specification allowed for both a video signal and an audio signal, but most manufacturer's have only used the video portion.  If you need a DVI-D cable, an 18 pin connector will most likely work since most devices won't process the audio signal anyway.  There are a few (very few) devices that do use all 24 pins, but with the advent of HDMI, nobody really makes them anymore
 Product came in as describe.  Super clear picture quality as it's supposed to be as Monster Cable brand
 The Sennheiser HD 205 is great value for money.  The design is not only comfortable, but takes out a lot of ambient noise.  This headphone does not have active noise reduction but does a good job with its closed design headphone.The Sennheiser HD 205 is great value for money.  The design is not only comfortable, but takes out a lot of ambient noise.  This headphone does not have active noise reduction but does a good job with its closed design headphone.The right-side is able to swivel backwards, so you can answer a phone call and not need to remove the whole headphone.  This swivel was designed for DJ's to do sound mixing, but works well for other purposes as well.The right-side is able to swivel backwards, so you can answer a phone call and not need to remove the whole headphone.  This swivel was designed for DJ's to do sound mixing, but works well for other purposes as well.I also like its strong bass and great clarity, where I could hear sounds in music that I did not hear before.  This headphones not only works well for music, but does great with your favourite action movie.  You will hear how close the sound is, and have bullets whizzing past you and swords meeting like they are just around you.I also like its strong bass and great clarity, where I could hear sounds in music that I did not hear before.  This headphones not only works well for music, but does great with your favourite action movie.  You will hear how close the sound is, and have bullets whizzing past you and swords meeting like they are just around you.Below are the technical specifications:Below are the technical specifications:Acounstic principle: Dynamic, closedEar coupling: Supra-auralFrequency response: 14-20,000 HzMax SPL at 1kHz, 1 Vrms: 112 dBTHD at 1kHz, 100 dB SPL: &lt; 0.5%Impedance: 32 OhmsWeight (without cable): 206 gSingnal cable: 3 m copper cable (OFC), single-sidedConnector/adapter: 3.5 mm stereo jack with 6.3 mm adapterConnector/adapter: 3.5 mm stereo jack with 6.3 mm adapterThis headphones comes with a 2 year warranty and a protective pouch for the headphones
 I bought this phone at Amazon, and I am happy with it. Provides very good sound quality, comfortable navigation,address book and Caller ID.With its 5.8 GHz frequency speed, it is much better than my previous one which was Panasonic 2.4GHz and did not have light signal on handset when you have a new message. 
 takes a little time to start operating, very good for the price a little trouble using it inside ca
 This simple device is reliable for fixing positions. And If you know about coordinates, you can set it in, and bingo. You can compensate what it lacks of by using coordinates from a map while you paid unexpensive
 What a wonderful surprize.  It took about ten minutes to install them to my HP Media center computer.  They replace speakers that came with my 19" monitor which were lousy to say the least. (speaker make with held) But the vs 4121s surpassed all my expectations.  While I am not an audiophile, I do admire and expect good faithful sound reproduction and these speakers more than do the job.  I don't understand how the more expensive ones can do any better.  Suffice to say I am completely satsfied and would highly recommend them to anyone looking for their moneys worth
 This was a breeze to setup, even with WPA2 to ensure privacy.  I also hooked up an Xbox360 and it has never failed in since I bought it about 6 month ago.This was a breeze to setup, even with WPA2 to ensure privacy.  I also hooked up an Xbox360 and it has never failed in since I bought it about 6 month ago.Much better value then your average gaming adaptor since it has multiple ports so you can hook up all your gizmos at the entertainment center rather then buying a wireless adaptor for each (i.e. Tivo, PS2, etc...)Much better value then your average gaming adaptor since it has multiple ports so you can hook up all your gizmos at the entertainment center rather then buying a wireless adaptor for each (i.e. Tivo, PS2, etc...)I love it, and for the price, you could not beat it.
 Having a TV in the car make the carpool-commute a little easier.  Obviously, the driver can't watch it, but the passengers can.  All of the chords and connectors are included.  Great price
 This is my first time ever buying a really expensive MP3 player.  I bought it three weeks ago.  If I hadn't seen the Creative Zen Vision:M, I probably would have bought the Sandisk Sansa E260.  I love being able to bring my cartoon/tv shows over to a friends house so we can watch them on the tv.  There is one problem I've had with it.  I'm not sure if anyone else has had this, but there is some slight static noise that happens once in a while when I'm listening to music.  I don't think it's the MP3s, because I've never ran into the problem with my other MP3 players.  If only they would've added the video cable for the TV and kept the charger, then I would've rated it a 5
 Earlier this week I received the factory referbished Samsung HD841.  I have had a few days to use it and compare it to my other players, mainly my Philips 642, which have been excellent players for me. This Model does well.  I don't understand why this model has such a rough reveiw.  Note, this model has the DVI output, If your TV has an HDMI port, you will want to check out the Samsung HD 850 (identical otherwise).  First, this model has component, composite and S-video hook ups, as well as the DVI port (still have to run seperate sound out with DVI). Also, this model does feature digital coax sound out and optical sound out as well for systems that can handle 5.1 THX.  Many upconvert models do not have the digital outs on lower priced models. The picture quality is great, at 480p comparable with my Philips.  Again, The upconvert works well out the DVI hook up to my TV, but to be honest, it is hard to tell any difference between it and a good 480p progressive scan player, at least on my tv which is a 23" 720p LCD.  Menus also are a bit difficult to figure out at first as well.  The user manual is less than impressive at explaining thing, in fact, it does not have an index.  But, it the main thing is that the player is does perform well, and is a name brand product from samsung (I have had some offbrand experience and have had perfomace problems).  THis player also appears to have DivX available on it, not noted in the product discription, so that was a suprise as well.  This will allow the use of MP4 movie files.  The remote again is bigger and at first more difficult than my other players, but after a day or so it actually is better because many of the features are available to change at the push of a button instread of going through the menus.  In all, I will continue to explore this new player, but in all it seems to be a quality product that has received some bad flack.  So give it a chane, the prices are good currently, quality has been good, and it is a Samsung.Note to the technosavy: I have not had luck using the component upconvert code that is available on other web sites, so I am using my DVI input for upconvert.  Also, the new Blue ray (HD 1080p) DVD players are out, so if you have the expensive hi res tvs that can handle this, you might want to wait and save till you can get the new DVD players.  Note 2: the factory referbished models come with a DVI cable, a 20-30 dollar value that many don't come with
 This was one of the cheapest tv mounts and it had all the options the expensive ones had it will pull away from the wall as well as allow the screen to pivot up and down.It also compacts up close to the wall.I dont know what other features someone would want in a mount.It is also very smooth when it moves and there is not any deflection or sloppiness in the construction, altough I only put a 14" lcd on it
 There is a light that ALWAYS stays on and it is distracting, as others have noted. Otherwise, it is great. Good design, works well, no complaints. But that light...WHY did they design it with that?
 Protects the Garmin's 60 screen from scratches, but interferes with the button operations a little. Worth the hassle to protect the screen
 This unit works very well and we are very pleased with it. Nice construction, good sound quality on both ends. We're concerned about battery life as in # of recharges before performance decreases, but no indication right now that is an issue. I would have give the product 5 stars if it had been cheaper. This class of device is overpriced in general. Amazon's price was very good, but overall still seems over priced. I would definately buy another from Amazon as these are 25% more at other places.
 This cable does improve the image quality but not by much. I was dissappointed to see very little difference between my standard PS2 stock cable and the moster cable I bought. This is not to say that the Monster cable is bad, but it just isn't worth the asking price. If you see on for under $20 then I recommend picking it up, but other than that, just avoid them because there isn't much better out there
 BREAKING NEWS: If you are buying a new video playback capable iPod, please look for the new iPod Universal dock, which has s-Video output for both photos and video.  It is also ready to accept a control remote so you can control your iPod from your sofa.BREAKING NEWS: If you are buying a new video playback capable iPod, please look for the new iPod Universal dock, which has s-Video output for both photos and video.  It is also ready to accept a control remote so you can control your iPod from your sofa.Is this expensive?  The answer is probably yes.  This dock was included on the original iPod Photo of late 2004 (priced $500-$600), the dock was removed as Apple lowered the prices this year to their current levels for color iPods.  However, for a couple of uses: high quality home audio and Slide Shows on hi-res TVs, it is a great alternative.Is this expensive?  The answer is probably yes.  This dock was included on the original iPod Photo of late 2004 (priced $500-$600), the dock was removed as Apple lowered the prices this year to their current levels for color iPods.  However, for a couple of uses: high quality home audio and Slide Shows on hi-res TVs, it is a great alternative.This dock basically serves three purposes:- The traditional synch & charge function available since the early days.- It helps you get "Line" output out of an iPod.  Line output is a cleaner, higher quality sound output than the usual headphone output out of the miniplug jack.  It is the best way to connect your iPod to a home stereo or home theater.- The super Video out for color iPods.  This function is something you cannot get without the dock.  So, if you like to show your pictures to your friends & family using a hi-res TV (Plasma, LCD or a Flat Screen) this is a great tool to use.  As an alternative, if you do not want to use s-Video and are OK with regular digital video out, a cheaper alternative is the "Apple iPod AV Cable" at $19 from the Apple Store or similar alternatives.- The super Video out for color iPods.  This function is something you cannot get without the dock.  So, if you like to show your pictures to your friends & family using a hi-res TV (Plasma, LCD or a Flat Screen) this is a great tool to use.  As an alternative, if you do not want to use s-Video and are OK with regular digital video out, a cheaper alternative is the "Apple iPod AV Cable" at $19 from the Apple Store or similar alternatives.In summary, buy this if you hook your iPod to high quality audio equipment or if you regularly do hi-res slide shows on your TV.  If you don't do it, it's just too expensive as a synch/charger, since anything you need is in the iPod box
 I bought this backpack for walking to work each day with my laptop and various other items I need to carry back and forth (umbrella, lunch, spare battery, paper, etc).  It's well designed and constructed and has fulfilled all my expectations.  Its size allows me to carry a hefty foldup umbrella which can lie horizontally.  I was concerned it size might make it intrusive or awkward, but it's not.I bought this backpack for walking to work each day with my laptop and various other items I need to carry back and forth (umbrella, lunch, spare battery, paper, etc).  It's well designed and constructed and has fulfilled all my expectations.  Its size allows me to carry a hefty foldup umbrella which can lie horizontally.  I was concerned it size might make it intrusive or awkward, but it's not.My only minor complaint is that the buckles on the shoulder straps slip gradually and need to be tightened every couple of days
 This bag is fantastic,comfortable to carry, fits loads in,protects my laptop,doubles as hand luggage.No complaints at all. Best bag I've ever bought
 Seems nowadays everything uses AAA batteries so this 30 pack is perfect for just about anyone that needs them. You know who you are. The ones with the video games, remote controls, clocks, and whatever else you need. Expecially good to get during the holidays, you should never be without
 Received it pretty quick, but it was SDSDQU-1024-E10M.  There isn't any difference just it comes from Europe instead of the U.S. That was pretty odd but otherwise it works
 My experience, with several repetitions: The adapter, continuously plugged in, continuously on, works for about 10 days, then stops working and drops the connection. It won't restart. The only way to recover is to unplug it, plug in your spare (you do have a spare, of course), and let the Netgear WG111T cool off for a couple of days. Then you plug it in again, and it works for about 10 days...
 A super picture with this cable!  For the price, you've got to try this before spending hundreds of dollars on others.  I give it 2 thumbs up
 I purchased my first Roadmate in August 2004.  Since then I have taken it to various places in North America.  It's gotten me out of some tight spaces.  I've never gotten lost while using it.I purchased my first Roadmate in August 2004.  Since then I have taken it to various places in North America.  It's gotten me out of some tight spaces.  I've never gotten lost while using it.I purchased the second one when the voice interface on the first failed.  I sent it in for repair.  (The extended warranty had just run out about 2 weeks earlier) The new RoadMate arrived in two days and has worked fine ever since.  The old Roadmate was returned to me repaired in about a week.I purchased the second one when the voice interface on the first failed.  I sent it in for repair.  (The extended warranty had just run out about 2 weeks earlier) The new RoadMate arrived in two days and has worked fine ever since.  The old Roadmate was returned to me repaired in about a week.I gave the first one to my wife and she has used it with success ever since.I gave the first one to my wife and she has used it with success ever since.Pros:  Easy to use. Amazing detail.Cons:  Sometimes takes a long time to acquire satellites       Original mount is useless after about a month.  I got aftermarket       tripod for each unit and they seem to work fine. Software updates        are expensive.           
 I have case logic CD wallets from 7+ years ago that are still in good shape...despite the abuse I put them through.  I bought this one only because of CD collection expansion. I find simply wiping off the outside cover with a wet sponge keeps it clean. The nylon covers really hold up over time. Remember- the "128 cd capacity" refers to CDs without their accompaning booklets. It's really 64 CDs with booklets.
 This charger is designed for every iPod EXCEPT the Shuffle.  The Shuffle connects via USB, this charger uses FireWire.This charger is designed for every iPod EXCEPT the Shuffle.  The Shuffle connects via USB, this charger uses FireWire.Every iPod charges while connected to a computer via FireWire or USB 2.0, but this charger allows you to charge your iPod in a wall outlet.  In addition to the charger you will need a connector cable.  You can use the one that came with your iPod or buy a second one.  Hook 'em up, plug it in the wall and get on with more important things while your iPod charges.Every iPod charges while connected to a computer via FireWire or USB 2.0, but this charger allows you to charge your iPod in a wall outlet.  In addition to the charger you will need a connector cable.  You can use the one that came with your iPod or buy a second one.  Hook 'em up, plug it in the wall and get on with more important things while your iPod charges.For international travelers, the plug pops off and you can purchase the correct plug for the country you will be visiting.  Great feature!For international travelers, the plug pops off and you can purchase the correct plug for the country you will be visiting.  Great feature!I have an iPod Dock connected to my stereo and use an extra connection cable along with this plug to ensure that my iPod doesn't run of of juice durring parites and long playing sessions.  I highly recommend the Power Adapter to iPod users who want the flexability to use their iPod on the road or in conjunction with a stereo
 I didn't buy this on Amazon but wanted to say this device is great. The only bad thing was MY laptop is old!  Can't go wrong with this one
 Our new VCR/DVD player is wonderful. Set up was easy and I am even able to record-- something that the set-up configuration on my last model was unable to do. Delivery was even faster than expected! Quality is teriffic and price was reasonable
 My old DVD would not play some of the many new formats, i.e. DVD-R, etc. This unit plays every DVD I've put in it with no hassles. The VCR has an auto tracking adjustment feature that seems to be fool proof, no stutters or static in the sound.  And the icing on the cake is the remote.  I understand it!  Plus it controls my television functions.  Excellent price and standard excellent Amazon service.  Well done
 I bought these speakers some time back. I was a bit skeptical because the sub woofer looked a little wierd. but once I plugged it in they sounded really good..I bought these speakers some time back. I was a bit skeptical because the sub woofer looked a little wierd. but once I plugged it in they sounded really good..the remote control is really handy.......the remote control is really handy.......If you are looking for nice speakers for dorms or not an apartment these are it....they are really awesome......If you are looking for nice speakers for dorms or not an apartment these are it....they are really awesome......They go really loud...I owned JBL Creatures 2 before and I prefer these to my old ones.... These Altec Lansings are the best speakers I have ever owned and trust me I have gone through the lot of the
 I've been using SBL soundcards for about 3 years. I use it for recording live and with sound fonts.  This usb device is easy to set up and the sound quality is great!  One installation tip.  Initially after I connected it and installed the software, I was not getting any sound, although the software was installed successfully.  I rebooted, and everything was detected and has worked fine since.  So just remember to reboot after installation. 
 I am a audiophile and am very picky when it comes to buying my toys. I bought these by accident when i was acually trying to buy the hd650's it was too late to cancell my order and since it was half the price i decided to try them out. I first hooked them up to my denon amp and listened to some cds and they sounded awesome. i could hear things in songs i have never heard before. I then hooked them up to my cheapy portable philips cd player just to see what it would sound like. to my surprise it sounded just as good as hooking them up to my denon amp. There was plenty of bass and highs and mids came out very good. the only draw back is that it is open and it bugs people that are sitting close to you. I am glad i got these instead of the 650's cause my friend owned the 650's and if you don't have a amp hooked up to it your out of luck
 This little doohickey is exactly what I needed to read my memory sticks.  Load the software, plug it into the USB port and you're off and running!  The MobileMate is SUPER SPEEDY!  The files/pictures pop right up with no lag time.  And you can read all forms of memory sticks with this one reader.This little doohickey is exactly what I needed to read my memory sticks.  Load the software, plug it into the USB port and you're off and running!  The MobileMate is SUPER SPEEDY!  The files/pictures pop right up with no lag time.  And you can read all forms of memory sticks with this one reader.Excellent value for the price
 I'm very happy with this model. I use it mostly as a VCR replacement to record broadcast TV shows. You can't beat the price for this feature-set. I'll try to describe some aspects that aren't mentioned in the other reviews. The owner's manual can also be found online in PDF format.I'm very happy with this model. I use it mostly as a VCR replacement to record broadcast TV shows. You can't beat the price for this feature-set. I'll try to describe some aspects that aren't mentioned in the other reviews. The owner's manual can also be found online in PDF format.It can schedule upto 16 programs. It does not support VCR+ or a TViO-style program guides. You can enter a title into each schedule that appears both on the schedule list and direct navigator chapter menus. It even sorts the main schedule listing and indicates which events are on the current disk. Every on-screen menu shows you which remote control buttons are functional on that screen.It can schedule upto 16 programs. It does not support VCR+ or a TViO-style program guides. You can enter a title into each schedule that appears both on the schedule list and direct navigator chapter menus. It even sorts the main schedule listing and indicates which events are on the current disk. Every on-screen menu shows you which remote control buttons are functional on that screen.The commercial skip button advances about 60 seconds which isn't quite granular enough, but 2 clicks and a little fast forwarding works well. The remote operations have a very fast feeling response compared to tape players. The commercial skip button advances about 60 seconds which isn't quite granular enough, but 2 clicks and a little fast forwarding works well. The remote operations have a very fast feeling response compared to tape players. My only complaint: The remote sensor on the recorder seems to be all the way on right-hand side. When the unit is in our video cabinet, the sensor is in a deadzone for half the room. We can't shift the position much because the disk tray slot is all the way on the left side and won't open if it's too close to the wall. Of course this probably means nothing to you.My only complaint: The remote sensor on the recorder seems to be all the way on right-hand side. When the unit is in our video cabinet, the sensor is in a deadzone for half the room. We can't shift the position much because the disk tray slot is all the way on the left side and won't open if it's too close to the wall. Of course this probably means nothing to you.At the highest quality setting (XP) it made a very good (near perfect I'd say) copy from a 8mm video camera using analog inputs. At that setting, only one hour of content fits on a DVD. The next lower setting (SP) which can hold two hours per disk, the copy from the video camera had some contrast problems. Most TV shows recorded in EP (8 hrs) are acceptable quality although you do see the blockiness and some motion blur at times. This is especially pronounced on animated shows. The four-hour LP setting had no apparent digital artifacts on recorded TV. It also has a Flex-mode option I haven't tried yet in which you tell it how long to record and it will fit the recording to the freespace available on the disk at the highest possible quality.  Probably would be good for recording a TV movie.At the highest quality setting (XP) it made a very good (near perfect I'd say) copy from a 8mm video camera using analog inputs. At that setting, only one hour of content fits on a DVD. The next lower setting (SP) which can hold two hours per disk, the copy from the video camera had some contrast problems. Most TV shows recorded in EP (8 hrs) are acceptable quality although you do see the blockiness and some motion blur at times. This is especially pronounced on animated shows. The four-hour LP setting had no apparent digital artifacts on recorded TV. It also has a Flex-mode option I haven't tried yet in which you tell it how long to record and it will fit the recording to the freespace available on the disk at the highest possible quality.  Probably would be good for recording a TV movie.It's too bad other vendors haven't adopted the -RAM format because most of the features on this box only work on that kind of media, but it won't play on most other equipment. The other formats seem lame by comparison, but this unit can play and record on them. It's too bad other vendors haven't adopted the -RAM format because most of the features on this box only work on that kind of media, but it won't play on most other equipment. The other formats seem lame by comparison, but this unit can play and record on them. Watching one show while another is recording (or the same show that's recording, but from the beginning) is very easy to do. Most of the operations are very sensible and explained on-screen pretty well, but you should spend some time in the manual if you've never had a dvd recorder before. It can do a lot of stuff.Watching one show while another is recording (or the same show that's recording, but from the beginning) is very easy to do. Most of the operations are very sensible and explained on-screen pretty well, but you should spend some time in the manual if you've never had a dvd recorder before. It can do a lot of stuff.One interesting feature is that no matter what input you are using, the signal is sent through the s-video output.One interesting feature is that no matter what input you are using, the signal is sent through the s-video output.It can't burn music CD's which seems like it would have been a trivially easy feature to add. That and a battery backup (so I won't lose my schedule) and wider angle of view for the remote sensor would required get the fifth review star
 I purchased the Monster Cable MP HTS 1000 without reading the reviews,(which I don't usually do) for the simple reason of where I purchased my hdtv, Samsung HLS-5687w they were trying to sell me but for a $150, which was too much.  I plugged in my equipment to the monster and at first there was no picture only sound.  I have directv and they have a connection which allows you to receive digital and analog signals through the same cable.  That connection needs to be placed after the monster in the connection loop.  After switching around the cables I had a picture again.  I can't really see an improvement in the picture quality (HD is beautiful) I bought the monster basically for the protection
 The 50G is the successor to the HP 49G. They both accept only a maximum of 1GB SecureDigital flash cards since they only have an approximate 1GB operating system file address space. Only about  0.9GB of the SecureDigital flash cards (a little more on the HP 49G than on the HP 50G) are accessible. The manuals only vaguely state that they recognice FAT16 and FAT32 SecureDigital flash cards. The HP 50G has a black case with a black metallic faceplate. The white and orange shift key labels on the metallic black faceplate have much better contrast and are easier to distinguish than the HP 49G red (or tomato) and turquiose shift key labels on the tan anodized faceplate. The black HP 50G looks tastefully geared for serious users. They still have no display backlighting or a color display. The HP 50G keyboard feels a little more compliant than the HP 49G but it would be nicer if they were as buttery smooth as the original early 1970's series of the HP hand held calculators
 The convenience of this product is terrific.  Whenever I show people how it snaps in half, they're amazed at the ingeniousness of it and they say how they want to get one.  Now that all computers have USB ports, I can put my photos into any computer anytime I want without worrying about the docking station.  A must-have product for every digital camera!!
 Great product. It's two in one. You have it in your camera and take photos, next you can plug it into the USB port and download data. It's worth the money
 First time I heard these I was floored by the output.  Nice high, mid and low bass sounds no matter what you have going thru them be it music, games or movies.  Definately worth the low low price...First time I heard these I was floored by the output.  Nice high, mid and low bass sounds no matter what you have going thru them be it music, games or movies.  Definately worth the low low price...First person WWII shooter games like Call of Duty sound awesome with these speaker
 I am going to strictly comment on the Linksys PAP2. A lot of the reviews on here have been for the Vonage service. The Linksys PAP2 is NOT THE Vonage service, but one of many adapters you can use. I am going to strictly comment on the Linksys PAP2. A lot of the reviews on here have been for the Vonage service. The Linksys PAP2 is NOT THE Vonage service, but one of many adapters you can use. I am extreamly satisfied with my Linksys PAP2. It is small, light weight, and perfect for those who need to travel. The voice quality is excellent and people say I do not sound like I am talking over VOIP. There is no line noise, static, popping, etc. I am extreamly satisfied with my Linksys PAP2. It is small, light weight, and perfect for those who need to travel. The voice quality is excellent and people say I do not sound like I am talking over VOIP. There is no line noise, static, popping, etc. I am giving this product 4 stars. Why? Because there is only ONE ethernet port. If you have a router, just connect the PAP2 to one of your available ethernet ports and you are good to go. If you do not have a router, consider getting another Vonage phone adapter with built in 4-port router. There are several.
 I read the other reviews and don't understand where they are coming from UNLESS they are all by AT&T or BELL employees.  I've had Vonage for 3 years and have nothing but good things to say about it.  I have local numbers for Seattle, Salt Lake City, Boston and San Francisco so my friends can stay in touch. These numbers only cost me $4.99/each a month.  Customer service is excellent.  They stay right on the phone with you until everything works perfectly.  This is especially nice after they added 911 service
 I'm using Monster optical cable as well, but with different reasons behind. Anybody with a basic knowledge of physics or optics should know that under normal condition light is not susceptible to interference from  magnetic field or EMF
 This is the best lock you can find for laptops, but I am still not very confident with it. It looks flimpsy but better than others
 Installation on a normal home network setup is very easy. My setup was a little more complex due to voip router, and 2nd wireless router. Sling has instructions on their web site but I still had to mess around with my settings in order to get it to work. To work on multiple routers you have to do port forwarding on both routers to port 5001. Once I worked this out everything is great. Installation on a normal home network setup is very easy. My setup was a little more complex due to voip router, and 2nd wireless router. Sling has instructions on their web site but I still had to mess around with my settings in order to get it to work. To work on multiple routers you have to do port forwarding on both routers to port 5001. Once I worked this out everything is great. Video quality is good in the house, haven't tried it from another location. I'm running the Sling AV with Netgear Ethernet power adaptors to my router and then watching TV via wireless to my laptop. Now we can watch TV in any room of the house. My wife loves being able to watch the news in the morning while in the kitchen. She also loves being able to surf while having a show running in a small window on the side. Video quality is good in the house, haven't tried it from another location. I'm running the Sling AV with Netgear Ethernet power adaptors to my router and then watching TV via wireless to my laptop. Now we can watch TV in any room of the house. My wife loves being able to watch the news in the morning while in the kitchen. She also loves being able to surf while having a show running in a small window on the side. Control of my Dish DVR is very good. We can manage any feature of our Satelite/DVR box. This will come in handy when we travel as we have our sons Seaseme Street shows on the DVR and now we can take those with us on the road. Control of my Dish DVR is very good. We can manage any feature of our Satelite/DVR box. This will come in handy when we travel as we have our sons Seaseme Street shows on the DVR and now we can take those with us on the road. Overall, I'm pleased with the Sling AV. It offers good performance at a great price point. Now Sling just needs to get the Mac version out so I can watch TV on my beautiful 15.4 inch Mac Book Pro
 This is a quality built toner cartridge, but for the money, it should have a great toner capacity
 I bought this item about 4 months ago and do not have a single complaint.  I use it in Chicago.  A lot of reviews say it takes a long time to acquire a satellite signal, not true at all.  I think the longest I have ever waited was 20 seconds.  It does have trouble getting a signal downtown sometimes, when I am surrounded by tall buildings (Wacker Dr.)  But this is expected and can be corrected with the purchase of an external antenna.Overall, this GPS works perfectly.  The auto-reroute is fantastic, it is very quick to recalculate my route if I miss a turn, and the voice prompts give you plenty of warning in advance of a turn. You will not be disappointed with this purchase
 Soundwise the Klipsch Promedia Ultra 5.1s were everything that they were supposed to be.  The bass is very powerful and can even be overpowering if not adjusted.  The sound is crystal clear and with a decent sound card all of the settings can be tweaked until perfection.  Setup was a breeze and no instructions are needed although they are provided just in case.Soundwise the Klipsch Promedia Ultra 5.1s were everything that they were supposed to be.  The bass is very powerful and can even be overpowering if not adjusted.  The sound is crystal clear and with a decent sound card all of the settings can be tweaked until perfection.  Setup was a breeze and no instructions are needed although they are provided just in case.Something to note is the speaker wire that comes with the speakers is a little on the small size and thicker wires should be be purchased if you are picky about your sound.  The wires themselves are long enough and there shouldn't be any trouble reaching anywhere assuming you are putting these in a normal sized room.  One last thing to know is that there is no optical input for these speakers and only 1/8" plugs for hooking up the sound source.  If you want optical you're going to have to go elsewhere.Something to note is the speaker wire that comes with the speakers is a little on the small size and thicker wires should be be purchased if you are picky about your sound.  The wires themselves are long enough and there shouldn't be any trouble reaching anywhere assuming you are putting these in a normal sized room.  One last thing to know is that there is no optical input for these speakers and only 1/8" plugs for hooking up the sound source.  If you want optical you're going to have to go elsewhere.Please note that buying these speakers will not make up for having a mediocre sound card or poor music quality.  If you are using most types of on board sound or an ancient soundblaster card it is time to upgrade or else you are just throwing away your money.  Same goes for music quality, if you are listening to an mp3 that is below 128kbps the poor sound quality is because of the shoddy encoding, not the speakers.  If you can't spare the hard drive space for 192kbps its time to get a new hard drive.Please note that buying these speakers will not make up for having a mediocre sound card or poor music quality.  If you are using most types of on board sound or an ancient soundblaster card it is time to upgrade or else you are just throwing away your money.  Same goes for music quality, if you are listening to an mp3 that is below 128kbps the poor sound quality is because of the shoddy encoding, not the speakers.  If you can't spare the hard drive space for 192kbps its time to get a new hard drive.Overall these speakers are a great deal.  While the price tag does seem a bit steep it is well worth the money for anyone that is serious about their music or movies.  For those of you who like to game these speakers will treat you good, however in my past experience a good set of headphones is better than a full blown sound system.  Lastly for those of you who like to play your music and bass full blast, don't bother spending the money.  These speakers should only be purchased by people who actually care about sound quality.  If you are more worried about loudness, do yourself a favor and buy some cheaper speakers, you won't even notice the difference
 It has some very useful addition from the previous model.  It has cut the time of doing my homework in half
 Great for frequent air travel to pass the time. Minor complaints - instructions are sparse (had to get my son to show me how to use iTunes & load songs), but still haven't figured out how to arrange songs on the iPod. My problem
 This backpack has been such a useful companion for me.  There are lots of space inside even for huge text books, and compartment is arranged just right to hold variety of stuff---CDs, DVDs, paperback books, pens, cell phones, water bottles, etc., etc.  There are numerous creative ways of storing stuff.  Indeed my whole life as a student can be inside at once.This backpack has been such a useful companion for me.  There are lots of space inside even for huge text books, and compartment is arranged just right to hold variety of stuff---CDs, DVDs, paperback books, pens, cell phones, water bottles, etc., etc.  There are numerous creative ways of storing stuff.  Indeed my whole life as a student can be inside at once.As a notebook backpack, this would not provide the best protection.  Padding is fine, but depending on how much stuff you have a notebook inside could be squeezed a bit more than you desire.  Also, the clip to fix the cover flap onto the backpack almost is broken after a year of daily use for me.  I have had Dell 14" and 15" laptops with the backpack and fitting was just fine for securely hold it inside.  Wearing comfort is pretty good, and things are quite adjustable for your body.As a notebook backpack, this would not provide the best protection.  Padding is fine, but depending on how much stuff you have a notebook inside could be squeezed a bit more than you desire.  Also, the clip to fix the cover flap onto the backpack almost is broken after a year of daily use for me.  I have had Dell 14" and 15" laptops with the backpack and fitting was just fine for securely hold it inside.  Wearing comfort is pretty good, and things are quite adjustable for your body.I would recommend this backpack if carrying more than a laptop, e.g., testbooks, is essential for you.I would recommend this backpack if carrying more than a laptop, e.g., testbooks, is essential for you.P.S., I ended up using a warranty support to fix the buckle.  Targus's customer support is first rate---prompt, courteous, and reliable.  They actually replaced the backpack with a newer version of the same product.  Their service totally make them highly recommended
 I had to 'fix' this ipod holder with a bicycle hand grip to stop it from shaking my ipod. I have a decent car and the roads are just ok but this thing shakes and shakes. I also put one of those beer coolers around the base of the foam hand grip and its now rock solid. Oh yeah and it holds the ipod just right too. I also put some of those velcro dots on the bottom for a little more security from my cup holder
 I hadn't seen this product in stores as I usually would see the white TuneDok which seemed pretty cool but I decided to buy this one online to go better with my black car (I have a white 40GB 4th generation iPod).The holder is everything you would expect and it did work a little better than I expected. It's very easy to just place the iPod in the holder and very easy to take it off. You can do it with one hand. You just pull back the small tab of the suction thing on the back and your iPod is easily removed and ready to go. The additional cup adapters is an added bonus for those who need them, but the standard one was enough for me.The holder is everything you would expect and it did work a little better than I expected. It's very easy to just place the iPod in the holder and very easy to take it off. You can do it with one hand. You just pull back the small tab of the suction thing on the back and your iPod is easily removed and ready to go. The additional cup adapters is an added bonus for those who need them, but the standard one was enough for me.The part that is black and holds the iPod is what seems to be the best thing about the product. As far as I know the cups are the same grey color for both the white TuneCok and this black version, so the difference is only in the iPod holder and not the cups.The part that is black and holds the iPod is what seems to be the best thing about the product. As far as I know the cups are the same grey color for both the white TuneCok and this black version, so the difference is only in the iPod holder and not the cups.The only "bad" thing I could say is that the cup itself is made of a rubbery plastic that scratches easily. In fact when I was trying to figure out what the adapters were for (before reading the manual..oops), I scratched it quite a LOT trying to fit the two additional cups together. That doesn't affect functionality so it doesn't make me give it less than 5 stars. A small issue you might want to consider as well is that the TuneDok doesn't hold iPods in their cases. So if you're like me and carry your iPod everywhere in a case you might wan to consider having a case that is easy to put on the iPod and remove it to avoid the hassle everytime you want to place the iPod on the TuneDok.The only "bad" thing I could say is that the cup itself is made of a rubbery plastic that scratches easily. In fact when I was trying to figure out what the adapters were for (before reading the manual..oops), I scratched it quite a LOT trying to fit the two additional cups together. That doesn't affect functionality so it doesn't make me give it less than 5 stars. A small issue you might want to consider as well is that the TuneDok doesn't hold iPods in their cases. So if you're like me and carry your iPod everywhere in a case you might wan to consider having a case that is easy to put on the iPod and remove it to avoid the hassle everytime you want to place the iPod on the TuneDok.I like how the black TuneDok looks with my white iPod. It kind of makes the iPod stand out more than the TuneDok itself. I think the $15 price is pretty reasonable for the white TuneDok, and this one is too if you're willing to pay the extra $5 for it to go with your U2 iPod. But as I said, I think my white iPod looks cooler in my black car with the black TuneDok anyway.Edit: I bought it for $20, but now it's $15. One more good reason to get this one.Edit: I bought it for $20, but now it's $15. One more good reason to get this one.I'm not too sure, but it seems like the new 5G iPod fits in the TuneDok. If they do, I bet this product is going to turn into a top seller soon enough as the demand for the black iPods is greater than the white one. Maybe someone who gets their 5G iPod can confirm this, so don't buy this for your 5G iPod unless you're already sure or can try it before you buy it
 Works better than any other glossy paper I have used with my Epson 960
 I purchased this for my wife who wanted a case for her HP Pavilion Notebook PC (DV5139US), screen size 15.4", ht 1.8", wdth 14.1", depth 10.4 ". The bag is for personal use, not business, and use will be moderate. She did want some extra compartments for organization. HP Pavilion Notebook PC (DV5139US), screen size 15.4", ht 1.8", wdth 14.1", depth 10.4 ". The bag is for personal use, not business, and use will be moderate. She did want some extra compartments for organization. This case has met all her needs, it is light weight, constructed of durable material, well organized. Her notebook fits in this top loading case with ease. She is satisfied with this purchase. We would recommend purchasing this case.This case has met all her needs, it is light weight, constructed of durable material, well organized. Her notebook fits in this top loading case with ease. She is satisfied with this purchase. We would recommend purchasing this case.
 I have owned many Sony cameras in the past and am currently using two right now. The only problem I have encountered with any digital camera is that when you think you have enough memory, you run out when you need it most. That is why I upgraded all of my cameras from 256 and 512 meg memory sticks to the Sony 1 gig. Actually I carry a spare 1 gig too where ever I go. I have owned many Sony cameras in the past and am currently using two right now. The only problem I have encountered with any digital camera is that when you think you have enough memory, you run out when you need it most. That is why I upgraded all of my cameras from 256 and 512 meg memory sticks to the Sony 1 gig. Actually I carry a spare 1 gig too where ever I go. Look, when you take video with your digital camera or you use a high file size (3-6 megapixels) per picture, which you should always do to get the best possible prints made, your camera will need a ton of storage space.  Especially if you are on vacation or encounter a great photo moment or maybe even something you hadn't expected like a wildfire, a plane crash, a bank robbery or maybe even a cat in the park having kittens. You can always "resize" you photos to a smaller size later when you save then to your computer if you want to save space. Trust me, take large megapixel pics now and you will be amazed at how many shots came out better that you expected.Look, when you take video with your digital camera or you use a high file size (3-6 megapixels) per picture, which you should always do to get the best possible prints made, your camera will need a ton of storage space.  Especially if you are on vacation or encounter a great photo moment or maybe even something you hadn't expected like a wildfire, a plane crash, a bank robbery or maybe even a cat in the park having kittens. You can always "resize" you photos to a smaller size later when you save then to your computer if you want to save space. Trust me, take large megapixel pics now and you will be amazed at how many shots came out better that you expected.You never know. I have tons of pictures that people ask how did I ever get such good pictures of such amazing things. I have a helicopter crash, police car up a power poll, deer in downtown Oakland, house fire before the Fire Dept got there, tons of wild animals, any many more things I saw while I was driving somewhere or walking in a park. If you want great photos you have to be prepared when the moment arrives!You never know. I have tons of pictures that people ask how did I ever get such good pictures of such amazing things. I have a helicopter crash, police car up a power poll, deer in downtown Oakland, house fire before the Fire Dept got there, tons of wild animals, any many more things I saw while I was driving somewhere or walking in a park. If you want great photos you have to be prepared when the moment arrives!Matching a camera with its name brand memory is also a great idea. No problems ever!! The Sony memory sticks I have from 5 to 6 years ago still work great with no problems. They make it fast and easy to transfer data from your camera to your computer. They are tiny wafer thin and extremely light weight and durable. I have first hand knowledge that products with the SONY name on it are first rate and high quality. If you want quality buy SONY
 at first, the keyboard looked cheap and  the keys were in slightly different places than normal, but after time, I got used to the layout, and found that the keys actually work surprisingly smooth.  It probably helped my game a bit.  The extra bit on the front of the board did break off after 2 weeks, but I didn't like using it anyway
 I bought this speaker cable because I wanted it to fall in a straight line and hug the walls without curling all over the place. This cable does just that. I'm very happy with it. If that is your goal too, I can recommend this cable.I bought this speaker cable because I wanted it to fall in a straight line and hug the walls without curling all over the place. This cable does just that. I'm very happy with it. If that is your goal too, I can recommend this cable.Regarding the long standing debate of whether Monster cable sounds better than cheaper cable, I'm not an audio engineer and don't have an opinion
 I've used the iTrip by Belkin, the TunecastII by Belkin, and this Monster iCarPlay for getting my tunes to my car speakers.  This is the best design and works the best of the three.  I like that it can charge my iPod and that the transmitter itself is inline.  The signal seems to be decent enough, though of course it crackles sometimes or you hear a bit of static.  This gets more pronounced the louder you make it.I've used the iTrip by Belkin, the TunecastII by Belkin, and this Monster iCarPlay for getting my tunes to my car speakers.  This is the best design and works the best of the three.  I like that it can charge my iPod and that the transmitter itself is inline.  The signal seems to be decent enough, though of course it crackles sometimes or you hear a bit of static.  This gets more pronounced the louder you make it.I think this is the safest for car use.  The iTrip is a nightmare because you have to change the station through the iPod.  So if you're taking a car trip (I live in NY but went to college in MI -- that's a 12 hour drive) and signals are coming in and out and you need to adjust, you really can't do it safely with the iTrip.  The Tunecast is a bit better, but that runs on batteries (the optional charger/power supply that I got for it didn't work).  Also, you can tune into any FM station with the up/down buttons, which is good, but you really only need the lower stations.  The iCarPlay has 8 frequencies it can transmit over and only 1 button.  Though I feel limited by the 8, I don't think going higher would help because there's more congestion.  I like the single button because there's no confusion whether you're going up or down and you can press the button, then easily tune the radio up a notch.  The other limitation I see is its iPod specific (uses dock connector) whereas the Tunecast just hooks into the headphone jack and it only works in cigarette lighters so you can't use it without a car (or something else with that power source).  But considering I bought it to use in my car, it does what it should and does a decent job of it
 Works precisely as advertised.  None of the complaints in previous reviews hold for my experience. Specifically, battery backup works and sound quality of messages is excellent. Only negative: too many words spoken by the machine and they sometimes seem to overlap
 We replaced a tape unit with this one and are so pleased.  No more waiting for the tape to rewind and this one keeps the messages once played until you remove them.  Also very accurate on time.  We love it!
 We replaced a tape unit with this one and are so pleased.  No more waiting for the tape to rewind and this one keeps the messages once played until you remove them.  Also very accurate on time.  We love it!The things I like most:The things I like most:1. My recorded greetings (two greetings allowed) and my caller's messages are clear and clean. 1. My recorded greetings (two greetings allowed) and my caller's messages are clear and clean. 2. The unit's appearance and styling is sleek and modern. The controls layout is good with everything in view and accessible on the top. My last machine had some of its controls on the sides causing me to have to pick it up and turn it around and around looking for a particular control. This machine is better in that respect. 2. The unit's appearance and styling is sleek and modern. The controls layout is good with everything in view and accessible on the top. My last machine had some of its controls on the sides causing me to have to pick it up and turn it around and around looking for a particular control. This machine is better in that respect. 3. Learning to use it is a very easy and intuitive process especially if you have used other machines. The included instructions clearly explain how to use its less obvious features.3. Learning to use it is a very easy and intuitive process especially if you have used other machines. The included instructions clearly explain how to use its less obvious features.Things I didn't like: Nothing, really. Things I didn't like: Nothing, really. But some minor annoyances include:But some minor annoyances include:1. The electronic accent of the generated voice of the machine was a little hard to understand at first. But I quickly "learned" its accent. Your callers will never hear it after you record your own greeting which will be clear and sound like you. Otherwise, your callers will hear a default message in the machine's voice.1. The electronic accent of the generated voice of the machine was a little hard to understand at first. But I quickly "learned" its accent. Your callers will never hear it after you record your own greeting which will be clear and sound like you. Otherwise, your callers will hear a default message in the machine's voice.2. I installed the 9 volt battery first and the unit would not turn on when plugged into AC. Removing the battery, then plugging in the AC, then installing the 9 volt battery allowed it to power up and work normally. The battery installation instructions and general installation instructions did not indicate any particular installation sequence requirements regarding the battery
 Bought it for my elderly mother, who is getting hard of hearing.  The volume control on each handset has helped her a lot.  She also says that the clarity from the handset is better than anything phone she's had before.  The extra large size base unit dial buttons are also very helpful for her
 We received our DLP TV stand in record time.  We had wanted to get it for a new tv that was being delivered that weekend.  We ordered on I think a Tuesday and it was at our office on Friday.  It was in excellent shape and we had no trouble putting it together.  The tv fit perfectly! 
 The numbers on the clock are not bright enough to see in the day light I wish they were brighter and bigger
 Just a note to future readers - If you take Gemstar up on their offer to "upgrade" this model you will receive some nice new features, however what they don't tell you is that your machine will become PROPRIETARY! All the books you had before will become unreadable and your ebook will only be able to "read" Gemstar books in the future. This means you are force to buy all future books from the Gemstar catalog only! The new features that come with this upgrade to the 1150 model are hardly worth being locked into one ebook vendor forever. The openness of this little model is it's beauty - it's the last one of it's kind, as all future models are proprietary
 This was a very highly rated item on CNET.  At the price I paid for it at Amazon it was like they were GIVING it away
 Just spent the weekend photographing and video recording lots of activity and didn't even get close to capacity.This is fantastic
 2gb of flash memory will not be destroyed at high altitude or dropped short of shattering the memory stick.  A 30gb hard drive as in the iPod 30g (that my son has) is subject to air pressure, shock and temperature domain that a flash memory device will not be subject to.  Because the hard drive spins to lift the heads above the disk, moisture from condensation will cause the head to crash if, brought in from a cold car and turned on.  I do not know about the iPod but some larger devices have dew point detector that will not spin up unless the air in the device is at safe temp.2gb of flash memory will not be destroyed at high altitude or dropped short of shattering the memory stick.  A 30gb hard drive as in the iPod 30g (that my son has) is subject to air pressure, shock and temperature domain that a flash memory device will not be subject to.  Because the hard drive spins to lift the heads above the disk, moisture from condensation will cause the head to crash if, brought in from a cold car and turned on.  I do not know about the iPod but some larger devices have dew point detector that will not spin up unless the air in the device is at safe temp.THAT's WHY..
 I am pleased at the sound of these speakers.  I feel that for the price, it was a good purchase.  The carrying case that is included is a nice addition.  You can use the included A/C adapter or run it on batteries.  Not only do I use these speakers with my iPod, but also for my Mac Book laptop.  I don't need an overbearing sound, but these portable speakers are just right
 Kit completo para colocar una pequea red inalmbrica casera, sin problemas. Sencillo de instalar, tanto que cualquier bolsa sin experiencia puede hacerse con este kit. Tiene seal fuerte, sin atenuaciones.Kit completo para colocar una pequea red inalmbrica casera, sin problemas. Sencillo de instalar, tanto que cualquier bolsa sin experiencia puede hacerse con este kit. Tiene seal fuerte, sin atenuaciones.Saludo
 I purchased a Sony WEGA 27 inch tv. I took advantage of it's rear component input labeled video4.  I connected my Sony DVP360 Dvd player.  With dvd viewing, the movie Dinosaur, Bug's Life, Toy Story 1 and 2, and Vegas Vacation, the colors were very vibrant, details were dynamic, and the picture quality was very accurate in at least 480 lines of resolution. I have viewed these same movies on larger screen HDTV's such as the Pioneer Elite and was disappointed??? Glass picture tubes provide a more realistic picture. I can't imagine that I can do any better for my television than these cables.  I am completely happy with dvd movie watching on my Sony WEGA with these Monster component 3 cables
 I had a game that would not even play on the xbox because it was so scratched. After using the Game Dr. It works perfectly. It is like i bought a brand new game. The Game Dr. was pretty easy to use too
 This is a fantastic home projector.  I am a very picky electronics fan.  This exceeded my expectations.  The colors are RICH, bright & great. This is a fantastic home projector.  I am a very picky electronics fan.  This exceeded my expectations.  The colors are RICH, bright & great. Panasonic produces best colors.  I own their camera, camcorder & now this.  I am going to buy their HDMI DVD playe
 I have paired this with my Linkysys wireless-g router and I have not had any problems with either. The modem installed without any issues. Prior to this modem I was using an RCA which began having connection problems. Since the Linksys install I have rock solid connection to the internet and a more stable wireless network. Previously I would expirience intermittant "drop outs" and would have to reboot. Currently I couldnt be more satisfied has been a good 3 month
 The product was easy to load onto my Windows based computer using Windows XP.  I connected everything as instructed and as soon as I plugged in the TV cable to the back of the modem, My internet explorer picked up the signal and put me at the log in page for new accounts of my cable provider.  The product was easy to load onto my Windows based computer using Windows XP.  I connected everything as instructed and as soon as I plugged in the TV cable to the back of the modem, My internet explorer picked up the signal and put me at the log in page for new accounts of my cable provider.  The modem comes with both a USB and 100T ethernet adapter port, so use whatever way works best for you.  I tried them both and they appear to work at the same speed.  I am guessing it all depends on the speeds your cable provide is delivering.The modem comes with both a USB and 100T ethernet adapter port, so use whatever way works best for you.  I tried them both and they appear to work at the same speed.  I am guessing it all depends on the speeds your cable provide is delivering.Amazon had the best price on the product if you have the time to wait for their free shipping.  I ordered some stuff from them in the past and the free shipping seemed to take forever.Amazon had the best price on the product if you have the time to wait for their free shipping.  I ordered some stuff from them in the past and the free shipping seemed to take forever.You may want to factor in paying the additional cost for shipping when buying this product if you need it right away. The price, even with the additional shipping charge is still a little less expensive than Best Buy.  The cost difference between buying it at a Best Buy store and Amazon online will not be much, and you'll have to wait a few days to have it in your hands, but you get to avoid the drive to the store.  I went this route, paid the extra shipping and waited for my package to arrive.  If time is not an issue, then use the free shipping method and you will discover that Amazons Price can't be beat, it is the lowest price anywhere. 
 I bought these for my dvd player.  They work wonderfully!  The old analog cables that came with the dvd player looked alright but [didn't measure up}.  These monster cables definately enhance the sound of my dvd movies, especially the dialogue.  The old cables that I had made my movies sound a bit muffled.  But the monster cables intensified the clarity from the dvd player to my reciever.  For those of us who cannot afford 5 speaker digital surround sound, I would definately recommend these cables if you use regular 2 channel stereo for your movies or CDs
 I PURCHASED 2 CARDS FOR ABOUT us$ 42 FOR MY psp they work Ok. I had other sandisk products and dont have any complaints. Best of all these cards came with the Adapter Memory Stick Pro duo to Memory Stick. So I could use it with my videocamera. Its nice when one company starts addresing the multiple formats problems.
 I just bought a refurbished Roadmate 700 a few days ago. It took minutes to locate my current location, which was totally normal. I just bought a refurbished Roadmate 700 a few days ago. It took minutes to locate my current location, which was totally normal. I kinda feared that I would have the GPS with the older version 3.2, as some people said earlier. But in fact, the one that I got is with firmwave version 4.32, the newest version. The voice is working good too.I kinda feared that I would have the GPS with the older version 3.2, as some people said earlier. But in fact, the one that I got is with firmwave version 4.32, the newest version. The voice is working good too.I am happy with this product, even though it is a refurbished one
 If you go through a lot of AAA batteries, this is one of the best deals on the market, short of investing in a recharging unit and a couple of rechargeable batteries. A very good value
 A sore back and a sore shoulder forced me to search for a better means to carry my laptop.  I took a month to research laptop backpacks and finally settled on the Kensington Contour.  I didn't want to buy a Kensington.  I wanted a backpack making company with a name I knew, like Jansport,or Kelty.  I've been a backpacker and was familiar with their products.  I settled on the Kensington because it had the qualities I was seeking: comfort, quality materials and design, water proofing, laptop padding, urban black, rugged exterior, sophisticated appearance, lots of pockets, adjustable lumbar support with back padding and a water bottle pocket.  I write and work in media for a living.  Mostly I work at home, but once a week I travel to cities.  This pack does exactly what I want it to do - have places for everything I need, protect my precious laptop, and look hip.  A sore back and a sore shoulder forced me to search for a better means to carry my laptop.  I took a month to research laptop backpacks and finally settled on the Kensington Contour.  I didn't want to buy a Kensington.  I wanted a backpack making company with a name I knew, like Jansport,or Kelty.  I've been a backpacker and was familiar with their products.  I settled on the Kensington because it had the qualities I was seeking: comfort, quality materials and design, water proofing, laptop padding, urban black, rugged exterior, sophisticated appearance, lots of pockets, adjustable lumbar support with back padding and a water bottle pocket.  I write and work in media for a living.  Mostly I work at home, but once a week I travel to cities.  This pack does exactly what I want it to do - have places for everything I need, protect my precious laptop, and look hip.  So now it is a few months later.  I still like my pack, but twice now the hardware has broken.  The first time it was just the zipper-handle on the little outside pocket. It fell off.  Kennisington immediately replaced the pack for free.  Last week at the airport the tab that holds and adjusts the left shoulder strap-- broke when slung the pack across my back. I haven't contacted them yet
 As a journalist, I need to tote around a microcassette recorder with me wherever I went. Now, with the Zen's microphone/recording feature, I'm able to use it to record my interviews, and it's easier to transcribe because of its clear, crisp recording quality.As a journalist, I need to tote around a microcassette recorder with me wherever I went. Now, with the Zen's microphone/recording feature, I'm able to use it to record my interviews, and it's easier to transcribe because of its clear, crisp recording quality.You can also play .avi files, so unlike iPod users, there's no need to convert them in order to view them. You can also play .avi files, so unlike iPod users, there's no need to convert them in order to view them. Many might find it a bit bulky compared to the new iPod, but with its added features, it's a small flaw that's easy to overlook.Many might find it a bit bulky compared to the new iPod, but with its added features, it's a small flaw that's easy to overlook.
 So far I used one tape of this pack. The video quality is  pretty good
 Short review: Have burned about twenty disks, all work perfectly. Have made home dvds out of them, all work in three different regular dvd players that I've tried. Very satisfied with them
 To avoid burning a coaster, update the firm ware on your dual layer compatable drive first ([...]).  The Verbatim discs seem to have fewer compatability problems than the other brands I've tried.  To avoid burning a coaster, update the firm ware on your dual layer compatable drive first ([...]).  The Verbatim discs seem to have fewer compatability problems than the other brands I've tried.  If your home DVD player is not dual layer compatable, you may experience some problems.  It's normal for the movie to stop momentarily when it switches to the second layer.  For best results with movies, I burn these as slow as possible.  For data storage, they will burn at 8X no problem.  If your home DVD player is not dual layer compatable, you may experience some problems.  It's normal for the movie to stop momentarily when it switches to the second layer.  For best results with movies, I burn these as slow as possible.  For data storage, they will burn at 8X no problem.  These discs work as advertised.  If you're torn between Verbatim and another brand, I would opt for Verbatim discs.  They really do work the best
 The SanDisk Cruzer TI is the most durable thumb drive on the market.  I had a 512MB Cruzer TI before this one.  I dropped it stepped on it and was just not too careful with it.  Through all that it never failed me.  I needed an upgrade and picked this one, because the 4GB was not available.  It move data fast and the new U3 stuff is very interesting.  I am not all that used to the U3 stuff yet, but I am sure I will start to use it to its fullest soon.  Co-workers of mine buy the less expensive USB drives and break them.  The SanDisk Cruzer TI is the absolute best
 I had a small 512 Sandisk a while back, so when I saw a review for the Titanium 2GB Cruzer in a popular computer mag, I decided to upgrade from my Lexar 1GB.  So far, I'm very impressed.  Just did a 1.26GB transfer that took 140 seconds.  I was a big leery of the included software, but was pleased to see that if I didn't care for it, it was easily removed.  I have not had an issue with either the software or the drive, and am very impressed with the design of the retractable interface that requires pressure to expose or retract.  This is a very good drive, and contrary to the negative comments, I would encourage anyone looking for a fast, stylish, practical jump drive to seriously conside the Titanium Cruzer
 I am satisfied by the purchase of this Targus CVR600 15.4 Groove Notebook Backpack since it is super wide, comfortable and with many compartments to keep objects  apart of the laptop. I recommend it to you
 Great buy for a wonderful speaker system. Works beautifully with my MAC Mini for great sound. Would not hesitate to purchase again. Great contemporary look on my desk. So easy to turn the volume up or down either from my screen or the subtle touch control on the Creature. I highly recommend
 I recommend these speakers - have had them for 3 months now and they are great - sound quality is great.  Power converter gets pretty hot though so i suggest putting it on something non flammable - don't think it would catch anything on fire but just to be safe.  Speakers are not super loud but are great if you just want quality sound.
 Recently bought a Analog Big Screen TV. Switched from S-Video to Component cables. There is a big difference. The picture looks more film like with Component cables. Do not hesitate to upgrade. Stay away from cheap Wally World brands. You get what you pay for. The S-Video cable I used was Monster Cable M1000 sv
 I got one of these a few years ago.  It's been to several countries, on camping trips, bicycle trips, subways, etc etc and held together very well.  I pop this and the handspring into my pocket and off I go, not lugging around a huge laptop anymore.I got one of these a few years ago.  It's been to several countries, on camping trips, bicycle trips, subways, etc etc and held together very well.  I pop this and the handspring into my pocket and off I go, not lugging around a huge laptop anymore.The typing is comfortable, this is just like a laptop keyboard, and while I too have worried about the little popup part where you connect the handspring, it's taken a beating so far.  I'm buying another preemptively because I'll be so bummed when I do eventually manage to break the current one.The typing is comfortable, this is just like a laptop keyboard, and while I too have worried about the little popup part where you connect the handspring, it's taken a beating so far.  I'm buying another preemptively because I'll be so bummed when I do eventually manage to break the current one.The hinge in the middle is annoying - you have to put the thing on a book or other flat surface to hold it in your lap.  I think that when the new one comes, I'll try to create some kind of deadbolt mechanism to hold the middle hinge when it's open and then it will be the single most perfect gadget ever
 Let me just preface this review by mentioning that I read many customer reviews(here and elsewhere) on this product before purchasing it. I focused on the negative reviews as to develop a good idea of any potential design flaws. After using this keyboard for almost 6 months I believe that Saitek delivers an attractive design with solid quality. Let me just preface this review by mentioning that I read many customer reviews(here and elsewhere) on this product before purchasing it. I focused on the negative reviews as to develop a good idea of any potential design flaws. After using this keyboard for almost 6 months I believe that Saitek delivers an attractive design with solid quality. Command Pad: Many reviews bash this feature. It is quite a basic pad as compared to some, but it gets the job done. My only main gripe with the pad was how it failed to deliver some windows macros such as ctrl-alt-delete. During games such as WoW and CoD2 I had no problems whatsoever. The rumor about the horrible software and it being buggy was nonexistent for me. The customers who claimed it to be "impossible" and "buggy" seem to be computer illiterate at best, and judging from the frequency of grammatical errors in their reviews, possible English illiterate as well. If you are familiar with computer hardware then you will be fine with this software and pad.Command Pad: Many reviews bash this feature. It is quite a basic pad as compared to some, but it gets the job done. My only main gripe with the pad was how it failed to deliver some windows macros such as ctrl-alt-delete. During games such as WoW and CoD2 I had no problems whatsoever. The rumor about the horrible software and it being buggy was nonexistent for me. The customers who claimed it to be "impossible" and "buggy" seem to be computer illiterate at best, and judging from the frequency of grammatical errors in their reviews, possible English illiterate as well. If you are familiar with computer hardware then you will be fine with this software and pad.Keyboard: The quietness, response, and overall feel of the keys rival any Logitech design. I am a huge fan/customer of Logitech equipment, and thus can confidently state that this board is of equal material quality. Saitek took a more simple route with this design(no LCD screen etc...) and the price shows it.Keyboard: The quietness, response, and overall feel of the keys rival any Logitech design. I am a huge fan/customer of Logitech equipment, and thus can confidently state that this board is of equal material quality. Saitek took a more simple route with this design(no LCD screen etc...) and the price shows it.*I almost laughed out loud after recently reading some of the passionate and disgruntled reviews concerning the lack of key-symbol illumination. It is obvious that these reviewers did not know much about the product they purchased. Unfortunately failing to be informed about a product one buys totally demerits any kind of negative opinion resulting from that lack of knowledge. I would guess that 90% of the negative reviews about this board capitalize on this point resulting in a much lower overall rating than deserved. *I almost laughed out loud after recently reading some of the passionate and disgruntled reviews concerning the lack of key-symbol illumination. It is obvious that these reviewers did not know much about the product they purchased. Unfortunately failing to be informed about a product one buys totally demerits any kind of negative opinion resulting from that lack of knowledge. I would guess that 90% of the negative reviews about this board capitalize on this point resulting in a much lower overall rating than deserved. Last and probably least comes the aesthetics, of course the most subjective part of any review. I found this setup to be very sharp looking. In the dark, the vivid key definition from the backlights allows any experienced typist to quickly find whatever he/she is looking for. This eliminates the need for symbol illumination. Although symbol illumination might be a nice touch, especially for the keyboard deficient, I feel that Saitek sacrificed this option to provide very durable lettering. I have lost some lettering on Logitech keyboards sooner than the 6 months I've been using this one(Although frequency of gaming has fluctuated). Saitek Engineers probably figured that most gamers would know the keyboard well enough to not need both key definition and symbol illumination, apparently an oversight on their part. Last and probably least comes the aesthetics, of course the most subjective part of any review. I found this setup to be very sharp looking. In the dark, the vivid key definition from the backlights allows any experienced typist to quickly find whatever he/she is looking for. This eliminates the need for symbol illumination. Although symbol illumination might be a nice touch, especially for the keyboard deficient, I feel that Saitek sacrificed this option to provide very durable lettering. I have lost some lettering on Logitech keyboards sooner than the 6 months I've been using this one(Although frequency of gaming has fluctuated). Saitek Engineers probably figured that most gamers would know the keyboard well enough to not need both key definition and symbol illumination, apparently an oversight on their part. I will recap this lengthy review by recommending this keyboard to any capable computer enthusiast who desires a good value.  
 Upgraded from 19" Viewsonic CRT. This monitor is superb! Recommendation: go with native resolution, enable Clear Type through display settings, and download the monitor drivers from Viewsonic (XP uses standard drivers, not as good as Viewsonic's imo), then restart, makes a huge difference over settings out of the box.
 I love my Shure E3C earphones and up until recently was pretty happy with the foam sleeves. However, I was constantly having to reset them in my ears when engaged in strenuous activities. I love my Shure E3C earphones and up until recently was pretty happy with the foam sleeves. However, I was constantly having to reset them in my ears when engaged in strenuous activities. The first time I tried these triple flange sleeves I thought I had wasted my money. Later I pulled my ear up and they slid in a lot further... and suddenly I was in heaven. I get the full sound that I love so much complete with throbbing bass line AND the things stay in my ears until I pop them out!! These are the perfect complement to a wonderful headset :
 It says the keyboard is supposed to be easier and more comfortable to type with. I don't think it is that comfortable. It's a little hard getting used to, so be prepared to hit the backspace a couple of times. The keyboard is 100mA and uses USB connection. There is a USB to PS/2 converter included. Overall, it is an ok product for the money, as it is the cheapest USB keyboard I've found
 Arrived in time, decent quality for the price. Is a bit difficult to close though, as the zip isn't awesome. But as I said, it's good for the price
 Works great, just like ti should, can add more sheets to store more. 
 This is a very good skin for 60 GB & 80 GB owners.  It completely covers the entire iPod without sacrificing functionality.  What separates this skin from other skins it the Visor (a plastic shield which protects the screen).  My only problem with this skin is the belt clip.  It is impossible to remove and difficult to use.  A better belt clip would make this the perfect skin.  This is a very good price from TechGNet. 
 I have this card for a week, and what I can tell you is that this card has a quality that I've never heard from any sound card - the sound is so clean, balanced and accurrate.of coure, you will need a good set of spekaers.the CMSS surround is much better than Dolby Prologic 2 and DTS neo 6 for both music and movies.if you plan to connect the DIN cable for Integrated speakers control with the Megaworks or Gigaworks, you should know that it's not working, but Creative is going to add support for those speakers in the following drivers.I didn't like the new 24-bit Crystalizer sound, but belive me you will not need that feature, just use good mp3 player like Winamp 5+ MAD mp3 decoder plug and ASIO plug for the output.I had many sound card like the Audigy 2 , Audigy 2 ZS, Audigy 4 Pro, ESI Juli@, M-audio Revolution...and none of theme even close to this card!!!worth every $$$!!!!I recommend you buying from amazon beacuse of thier great service and warrnty, I could't do that because I am outside USA
 The Belkin cassette adapter was my 2nd attempt at a product that would allow me to play my iPod through car cassette deck. The first, non-Belkin, product (can you say Monster here?) was crap...stopped working properly after two weeks. The Belkin adapter has performed flawlessly for 2+ months now
 I have long struggled to find the perfect remote.  The URC9910 isn't it, but its pretty good.  Its no match for my Harmony 880 but it also costs a whole bunch less and works through walls.  I have 2 URC9910s, both programmed identically for my main HT.  The cabinet also contains a second reciever and a sound distribution center for the other rooms in the house.  The kids can be using one URC9910 with the TV/HT and I can be in the basement or outside and control the volume of my music with the RF part of the second URC9910 remote.  For the price you can't beat it.  All buttons AFIK are progammable or mappable.  Setting it us is a pain and I had to find some pretty obscure codes on the internet to get my TV to do its thing so that is where it looses a star.  Otherwise its a great performer and with the price, I don't mind if my kids use it, whereas, they aren't allowed to use my Harmony 880.I have long struggled to find the perfect remote.  The URC9910 isn't it, but its pretty good.  Its no match for my Harmony 880 but it also costs a whole bunch less and works through walls.  I have 2 URC9910s, both programmed identically for my main HT.  The cabinet also contains a second reciever and a sound distribution center for the other rooms in the house.  The kids can be using one URC9910 with the TV/HT and I can be in the basement or outside and control the volume of my music with the RF part of the second URC9910 remote.  For the price you can't beat it.  All buttons AFIK are progammable or mappable.  Setting it us is a pain and I had to find some pretty obscure codes on the internet to get my TV to do its thing so that is where it looses a star.  Otherwise its a great performer and with the price, I don't mind if my kids use it, whereas, they aren't allowed to use my Harmony 880.If cost is no object, then there are better remotes.  For the price, I can't find one better
 Only thing I did not care for was the design on the top of the disk. Other than that, these are quality DVD
 I bought this to replace an Epsom printer that refused to print accurate color, and an old Canon scanner. I am very, very pleased! It looks terrific (my daughter said, "Wow, cool new printer!"). Set up was easy. And the printing is fast and absolutely beautiful, even in draft mode. Better yet, the cartridges are much cheaper than my Epson ones. Scanning is easy and good, too. I don't use fax, so can't rate that function.I bought this to replace an Epsom printer that refused to print accurate color, and an old Canon scanner. I am very, very pleased! It looks terrific (my daughter said, "Wow, cool new printer!"). Set up was easy. And the printing is fast and absolutely beautiful, even in draft mode. Better yet, the cartridges are much cheaper than my Epson ones. Scanning is easy and good, too. I don't use fax, so can't rate that function.Overall, I am thrilled with this printer. It was well worth the $180
 I received the correct Q5949X cartridge.My calculations for cost per page is only 2 cents per page, which is contrary to another reviewer's claim of 12 cents per page.$120.00 divided by 6000 pages equals 2 cents per page.
 If you are like me and dont really care about the "best" sound quality you can possibly have, and don't mind the tiny bit of static (keep in mind I live in a city) then this is for you.  Its simple, it works, and Im glad that I bought it, and that it didnt break the bank. I like it
 I have a Gateway CX2610, and it always got hot in my lap after about 10 or 15 minutes.  Enter this Targus lapdesk.  When folded out, it provides a nice buffer between my lap and the heat of the laptop even when using the laptop for upwards of two hours.I have a Gateway CX2610, and it always got hot in my lap after about 10 or 15 minutes.  Enter this Targus lapdesk.  When folded out, it provides a nice buffer between my lap and the heat of the laptop even when using the laptop for upwards of two hours.But wait, there's more!  I had also found my laptop awkward to use at a desk because of the poor ergonomics.  However, I use this lapdesk folded with the adjustable leg to reposition the keyboard to a better angle for typing.  It also puts the screen at a better height as well.But wait, there's more!  I had also found my laptop awkward to use at a desk because of the poor ergonomics.  However, I use this lapdesk folded with the adjustable leg to reposition the keyboard to a better angle for typing.  It also puts the screen at a better height as well.The desk also works well folded in half with my laptop converted to tablet mode.  So, it's a very versatile accessory to go with my versatile laptop.  I highly recommend it
 I got the newer model of these, with the blue light on the speakers . All I can say is that these speakers are worth the money. You get what you pay for. These speakers have pretty good highs in them, bass wise there decent. They hit alright, and sub decent. You pay more money, you get a better system you know. This system here isn't much money, so it isn't going to be the best. So there isn't no reason for the bad reviews. I think they work really good for the price their tagged at. So if your looking for a system with some good highs, and decent bass these are for you
 I recently purchased a PNY 512 MB Secure Digital Card from Best Buy when it was on sale for $29.99 each card. I had been given a SanDisk 256 mb card for christmas the past year, which had gone curropt. The PNY is so much better and so much cheaper for virtually the same quality or better than my old SanDisk. I would recommend this product to anybody who is fed up with SanDisk or any other high priced memory manufacturer.I recently purchased a PNY 512 MB Secure Digital Card from Best Buy when it was on sale for $29.99 each card. I had been given a SanDisk 256 mb card for christmas the past year, which had gone curropt. The PNY is so much better and so much cheaper for virtually the same quality or better than my old SanDisk. I would recommend this product to anybody who is fed up with SanDisk or any other high priced memory manufacturer.Steve
 This was part of my Stereo update. I selected this receiver for quality, value and ease of operation. I matched it up with the Sony CDPCX355 300 CD player and a fresh pair of those Bose 301-V speakers. Years ago I used to be an audiophile and I now think I'm going to enjoy getting back into my hobby
 I bought a 32 inch 5 years ago.  in 2003 when movie I was trying to move it across the room and it flipped face first in the floor.  Mind you I had paid like $200 for Sear's sorry 3-5 year? warranty and it turned out they wouldn't have replaced it or probably fixed it even though my sister worked there.  I heard a sickening crash (like the picture tube/glass breaking).  It still works and only has a dent it the top left.  I think I got the remote a little wet years ago and it never worked again.  Not a big deal since I have a directv remote,but I forgot I even had PIP because of no remote.  From now on if I can afford it I will buy sony only.  I bought an xplode cd player 2 years ago with no problems except a dead remote that I never use
 This TV weighs a ton, took three adult males to pick it up off of the floor and load it into an entertainment armoire. I have owned several Sony TVs and really thought hard about this purchase because of firmware issues that I have had with a 27&quot; Sony. Mainly compared this model with the corresponding Panasonic Tau, absolutely hated the Tau remote and am very familiar with the Sony. Note that the remote was not the deciding criteria, but it was a consideration. I have no real complaints about this TV, the menu system is nice and the picture very good. I do not normally use the built-in speakers so really can't comment about their sound. This TV has a 16:9 enhanced mode that must be selected from the menus, I tried it once using a DVD as source input and liked the widescreen format that the DVD player provides better than the 16:9 mode. The 27&quot; Sony that I have has an auto-volume feature, this 36&quot; does not and I do miss it. I would purchase this unit again. Note that there is a very similar Sony model that has upgraded sound, but not consider it because the added width would not fit in the armoire
 These are amazing products for low freq. they'll really get down word of advise don't use them for higher bass freq sounds more like a grinding noise after about 75 htz. Enjo
 The 4GB high speed memory card is the best it is fast and it can store so much data I cant even imagine using all of the memory but the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it's over 700
 I bought these here and have had the for a little bit now. they work great. I will buy more when needed.
 No problems w/ the phone. There is no mute button and it's annoying to hit two buttons to mute/unmute. I also couldn't find a way to change ringer volume but it's easy to change the ringer melody and there is one that's really soft. The menu is not as intuitive as it could be but overall it works just fine as a phone.
 I really like this mouse.  It is easy to use and is one of the most comfortable on my hand.  I have gone through a lot of mice and have finally found the one for me
 This stand works great for bringing the monitor up to eye level. If you want to sit comfortably...get rid of back and neck strain...this Targus Stand is definately the way to go. And...the price is right
 This monitor stand is worth every penny, and considering the price, that really isnt that many pennies.  What a monitor stand does is it raises the monitor to make it easier on your neck to view.  I have an IBM laptop and I place it on top of the stand.  With the stand, I probably have to look down at most about 10-15 degrees.  Before the stand, I would have to look down at about 35 degrees.  This does not seem like much, but if you spend alot of time staring at a computer screen, your neck will be sore.  Buy this stand and your neck will thank you. 
 The case itself fits very snug around the IPOD, and even gives it a better look.  The only complaint that I have is that the plastic window that covers the dial pops open, and even falls off at times.  I still give the case a 4 star rating, because I am a soldier in Iraq, and this case is doing a very good job of keeping my IPOD clean.  If a product can keep something clean in Iraq, then I am guessing that it can keep things clean anywhere. 
 What can I say, it's a rubber case that stretches over my Ipod. There's little room for malfunction. White would've looked better but isn't available through Amazon or its merchants without paying more than the product cost for shipping. It has little hard clear plastic windows over the screen and dial, the dial covering pops open. so far (several weeks now) they work fine without scratching
 These speakers were purchased for office use and occasionally for on the road.  They are a great look and compact.  The sound is decent and should not be confused with higher end speakers.  They serve the purpose for which they were intended as far as I am concerned as I purchased them to play my NANO I-pod.  I do recommend them. 
 I agree with most of the reviews here.  The PC155 is a great headset overall.  The sound quality is great.  Volume is more than adequate and fidelity is excellent.  I've listened to a great deal of MP3 music through these babies and I am very impressed.  Spacial/stereo imaging is great and I've actually heard things in the songs that I have never heard before!  It actually shows the imperfections of my MP3 and makes me realize that I probably need to turn up the bit rate when ripping my CDs.  The controls are also simple to use, both on the cord and on the PC.I agree with most of the reviews here.  The PC155 is a great headset overall.  The sound quality is great.  Volume is more than adequate and fidelity is excellent.  I've listened to a great deal of MP3 music through these babies and I am very impressed.  Spacial/stereo imaging is great and I've actually heard things in the songs that I have never heard before!  It actually shows the imperfections of my MP3 and makes me realize that I probably need to turn up the bit rate when ripping my CDs.  The controls are also simple to use, both on the cord and on the PC.Audio recording quality is great as well.  I have tried it with Dragon and recognition works great with it.  Playback of recorded sound shows that the sound is a little on the dark side, however.  Ps and Bs are a little too hot even though I have tried different mike positions and used the included wind sock.Audio recording quality is great as well.  I have tried it with Dragon and recognition works great with it.  Playback of recorded sound shows that the sound is a little on the dark side, however.  Ps and Bs are a little too hot even though I have tried different mike positions and used the included wind sock.My biggest problem with the set is in the comfort department.  I first feel obligated to tell you that I do not normally wear full coverage headphones.  Usually, I wear high-quality buds.  So, perhaps I just have to get used to it.  However, I feel as though my ears are being squeezed too much with these headphones.  Instead of feeling like they are comfortably secure, they feel as though they are too tight and they make my ears hot... even after only 15 minutes.My biggest problem with the set is in the comfort department.  I first feel obligated to tell you that I do not normally wear full coverage headphones.  Usually, I wear high-quality buds.  So, perhaps I just have to get used to it.  However, I feel as though my ears are being squeezed too much with these headphones.  Instead of feeling like they are comfortably secure, they feel as though they are too tight and they make my ears hot... even after only 15 minutes.So, despite my positive review of the sound quality, I am going to send these back and try the PC165.  They supposedly have bigger ear cups, which will hopefully translate to more comfort?  Other people here have not had problems with the comfort of the 155s so it is probably just me.So, despite my positive review of the sound quality, I am going to send these back and try the PC165.  They supposedly have bigger ear cups, which will hopefully translate to more comfort?  Other people here have not had problems with the comfort of the 155s so it is probably just me.UPDATE: I received the PC165 set and there is a big difference.  The sound is fuller and bigger (not louder) on the 165s.  Also, the comfort is much better.  They don't pinch my ears like the 155s.  The cord going to the headset is also thicker, which means fewer tangles and less chance of damage.  If you're thinking of the 155s, I would get the 165s instead
 I purchased this headset for use with my Mac dG5 and Skype internet telephone.  The combination is killer.  I cannot compare to other similar equipment as this is my first and only, but for me, the quality is far better than what I have with my phone, and it was really as easy as plug and play.  I wish that the headset had thicker and stronger wires; I wish that the headset was more sold.  On the otherhand, I have not had any problems with the equipment up to now.  And the sound quality during telephone conversations is steller, which is important to me, especially as my hearing starts to deminish.  I saw some comments about the headset as an audiophile listening headphone.  IMO, this is too complementary.  For its price and features, a good buy and good sound quality, but IMO, this is not an audiophile headphone. 
 All 3 kids have a Tunebase.  It works great, easy to use.  It also charges the iPod while we travel
 I've gone through a ton of headphones in recent years. They've included Koss "The Plug," Sennheiser PX100, Koss UR29, Koss SportaPro and a few others. All had their strong and weak points. So far, this has been the closest I've had to a good balance.I've gone through a ton of headphones in recent years. They've included Koss "The Plug," Sennheiser PX100, Koss UR29, Koss SportaPro and a few others. All had their strong and weak points. So far, this has been the closest I've had to a good balance.For my tastes (not necessarily anybody else's), strong bass is one of the most important things. The PX100 felt very weak in this area, despite what everybody else seemed to say -- weaker than my old Sony MDR-NC20 (which are still going strong after 6 years and remain my backup headphone of choice thanks to their decent sound and folding ability). I had problems keeping "The Plug" sealed in my ears, despite the "hold the outer ear while the Plug seats" advice. They're also a very a bad choice for iPods because their very low impedance overdrives the amplifier circuit. The SportaPros had great bass, but leaked way too much sound. The UR29 had good bass and very good isolation, but were a little uncomfortable, warm, heavy and too bulky to use on the go. Going back a few years, I had a pair of AKG K240s that had disappointing bass. Ditto for a pair of Sennheiser HD-420s.For my tastes (not necessarily anybody else's), strong bass is one of the most important things. The PX100 felt very weak in this area, despite what everybody else seemed to say -- weaker than my old Sony MDR-NC20 (which are still going strong after 6 years and remain my backup headphone of choice thanks to their decent sound and folding ability). I had problems keeping "The Plug" sealed in my ears, despite the "hold the outer ear while the Plug seats" advice. They're also a very a bad choice for iPods because their very low impedance overdrives the amplifier circuit. The SportaPros had great bass, but leaked way too much sound. The UR29 had good bass and very good isolation, but were a little uncomfortable, warm, heavy and too bulky to use on the go. Going back a few years, I had a pair of AKG K240s that had disappointing bass. Ditto for a pair of Sennheiser HD-420s.The K26P seems to combine the better aspects of all these phones. The bass is among the strongest. When I listen to the 1812 Overture, the "cannon blasts" come through loud and clear, even at moderately low volumes, with no distortion at all. Isolation isn't as good as the UR29, but not too bad. Certainly a lot more portable, easy to stow in my bag at all times. The PX100s fold smaller, but they're a pain in the neck to stow in their hard case. The higher efficiency of the K26P means I can set my iPod at a lower volume. Instead of 55-60% of max volume with the UR29 or the stock earbuds, I now run at 35-40% comfortably. In terms of comfort, they're comfortable enough for hours of wearing, after a couple of slight modifications. If they press too hard on your hears, first extend the headband all the way, then GENTLY straighten each half a little bit by gripping a couple of inches of steel band at a time and unbending it. After a few tries, it should be perfectly fitted to your head. Don't bend too hard or grip the plastic parts or you can break the phones. Be patient. So it takes a couple of days of trial and error, but in the end, you get good-sounding phones that are wonderfully comfortable. You'd be surprised how little pressure is needed to produce a good seal. You'll know if you've unbent too far because either the phones will slide down or you lose bass. Here's an easy test: with a finger on each side, press the earcups harder onto your ears. If the bass doesn't get stronger as you press (the way it does with all open-air headphones), that's as good a seal as you need. I hated the little, square foam pads on the plastic sliders and quickly peeled them off. All they seem to do is create two pressure points on top of the head. Other phones with similar headbands (like the Koss SportaPro/PortaPro) don't use these pads, so I don't think they're really necessary. Better to let the headband rest directly on the scalp and distribute the pressure over the entire headband, and so far my suspicions seem to have been correct. It has been far more comfortable for me without the pads, especially after more than half an hour. In fact, without the pads, I barely feel the headband at all.The K26P seems to combine the better aspects of all these phones. The bass is among the strongest. When I listen to the 1812 Overture, the "cannon blasts" come through loud and clear, even at moderately low volumes, with no distortion at all. Isolation isn't as good as the UR29, but not too bad. Certainly a lot more portable, easy to stow in my bag at all times. The PX100s fold smaller, but they're a pain in the neck to stow in their hard case. The higher efficiency of the K26P means I can set my iPod at a lower volume. Instead of 55-60% of max volume with the UR29 or the stock earbuds, I now run at 35-40% comfortably. In terms of comfort, they're comfortable enough for hours of wearing, after a couple of slight modifications. If they press too hard on your hears, first extend the headband all the way, then GENTLY straighten each half a little bit by gripping a couple of inches of steel band at a time and unbending it. After a few tries, it should be perfectly fitted to your head. Don't bend too hard or grip the plastic parts or you can break the phones. Be patient. So it takes a couple of days of trial and error, but in the end, you get good-sounding phones that are wonderfully comfortable. You'd be surprised how little pressure is needed to produce a good seal. You'll know if you've unbent too far because either the phones will slide down or you lose bass. Here's an easy test: with a finger on each side, press the earcups harder onto your ears. If the bass doesn't get stronger as you press (the way it does with all open-air headphones), that's as good a seal as you need. I hated the little, square foam pads on the plastic sliders and quickly peeled them off. All they seem to do is create two pressure points on top of the head. Other phones with similar headbands (like the Koss SportaPro/PortaPro) don't use these pads, so I don't think they're really necessary. Better to let the headband rest directly on the scalp and distribute the pressure over the entire headband, and so far my suspicions seem to have been correct. It has been far more comfortable for me without the pads, especially after more than half an hour. In fact, without the pads, I barely feel the headband at all.Overall, I'm satisified, especially at its low price point. I hope to use these for many years to come until either they break or something better comes along. By the way, don't be put off by comments about the warranty being invalid in the US and Canada. Read the whole warranty sheet! A separate section on the sheet covers a limited warranty for these countries, so yes, it is covered
 I had been wanting a nice color GPS unit for a while. My wife purchased this one for me and I love it. I purchased the City Select Maps to use with the autoroute system. It would be nice if the maps were included with unit. I've had it out on several caching trips now and it hasn't let me down yet. Make sure you take the time to read through the instruction book so you will know how to use the many features that the unit has built-in
 This is a overall convient carrying case. IT DOES NOT SCRATCH you ipod in anyway. This is a great case for jogging or everyday use, it has a belt clip that works very well. great and simple case, i highly recommend it for everyday use
 This is a wonderful product. The surround effect is phoenomenal and I just love it. The extra $50 is worth it for the quality sound that it delivers
 I initially purchased this model then returned it in favor of the Sony SRF-M37V because of its five one-button pre-sets which make it a no-brainer to use while exercising.  However, the SRF-59, perhaps because of its analog tuning, suffers less from co-channel and adjacent channel interference on FM.  It's audio is slightly brighter and more musical with a decent pair of headphones or earbuds than its digitally tuned cousin.  With this in mind, I purchased another SRF-59 yesterday and spent all last evening listening to it.  I literally could not make myself shut it off and go to bed I was having so much fun scanning the FM dial.  There was a program which aired last night on a local channel which featured bass-heavy 12" remixes of eighties new wave hits with, blessfully, very limited commercial interruption.  Over the course of a three hour listening session, I gradually cranked up the volume.  As I was too lazy to fish out decent earbuds, it became apparent that with bass-heavy audio at very loud volumes the SRF-59's tiny amplifier was insufficient to drive stock Walkman style headphones and peak audio was clipped which simply necessitated turning the volume down a tad to restore full musicality (I understand that decent quality earbuds require less power to achieve the same level of high sound output, therefore there will be no audio clipping).  Nevertheless, the sound quality from this bargain-priced Walkman through less than ordinary headphones was astounding.  The party is literally in your head, and the soundstage ranges from ear to ear, which is somewhat disconcerting when it is located above your sinuses.  I also made one pass through the AM band and there the SRF-59 was no slouch either.  I hauled in 1200 WOAI San Antonio which is approximately 1000 miles from me.  Though no true DX machine, after all how could it be, it is at the least a competent performer on the AM band as well (I suspect early in the evening AM DXing conditions were as good as they have been in a long time).  For more on this model and others visit Xin Feng's website.  I highly recommend this model for cheap thrills!         
 A good basic AM/FM radio. Not digital tuning, but it works fine. Reasonably good reception
 I bought this item rather than the cheaper products advertised because I trust Toshiba and because the picture quality was better than average.  Overall, I am very satisfied with the product.  We have used it on several aiplane trips and my toddler is very entertained.  We haven't had any problems with the mechanics of the player.  We also bought a case (which I highly recommend) so that we have enough Baby Einstein to keep her happy to our destination.  Also, the battery has never run out, and charges quickly.  My only problem with it is that the volume doesn't go up loud enough without earphones to hear it very well in a roaring commercial airliner.  But, my daughter mostly looks at the pictures anyway, so it wasn't that big a deal for us. 
 This DVD player is great for the road, and even at home when you don't want to be bothered. Unless the are much loud noises happening around you, the players' speakers work fine. It comes with all of the accesories you'd want, including a car outlet, wall adapter, remote, and the battery. It charges in under 4 hours, and plays for over 3 hours. This DVD player is great for the road, and even at home when you don't want to be bothered. Unless the are much loud noises happening around you, the players' speakers work fine. It comes with all of the accesories you'd want, including a car outlet, wall adapter, remote, and the battery. It charges in under 4 hours, and plays for over 3 hours. The player is sleek and so is the battery, but together are a bit bulky, not bad. Screen quality is good, great for a portable. Made of good quality materials. I've had it for a month and nothing is showing signs of wear-n-tear.The player is sleek and so is the battery, but together are a bit bulky, not bad. Screen quality is good, great for a portable. Made of good quality materials. I've had it for a month and nothing is showing signs of wear-n-tear.A recommended accessory to purchase is a carrying case, which will haul all your add-ons that are included. I bought the targus sport, which is great also. For 160 bucks, it's well worth it!
 I do not have a hearing problem, but my previous cordless phones were inaudible even at high volume.. this phone fills the bill -- at least so far!  The only caveat: no speakerphone, which would be handy considering the amount of time most of us spend on hold.
 This car kit works very well. The screen is a bit larger than other DVD players of similar type. The only down side is that the battery only charges for about 2 hours (shorter than many movies). So, if you are going to use this in the car, you need to be able to charge it
 We bought this unit from Sam's Club right before a trip to Disney World. (8 hours in the car with a toddler--eek!)  However, it was/is perfect!  We still use it for trips around town when we're in massive traffic or our son is being really fussy.  The case that keeps the dvd player on the back of the seat needs a little work, but we figured out a way to make it work for us.  Also, the remote doesn't work well, but we don't really need to use it as a DVD usually lasts long enough between stops
 The cable was a good price, and it fit my printer perfect. Worth the few pennies I paid
 These speakers are great for the common traveller and have great clean music. the only reason I did not give this 5 stars is because it doesn;t fofill the height of volume I wished. It is pretty loud, but I like really loud. I do not own this but one of my friends does I hoe to get logi3 i station for my ippod it seems awsome according to the reviews
 These speakers are not what i had expected from their size, price, and looks.  Their quality, even at high volumes, exceeds many other speakers i've seen at double the price tag.  The reason I bought these was because of the other reviews and the size.  Another reason was the proposed battery life, 35 hours on 4 aaa batteries, not bad at all.  So far its been very close.  I have heard the other speaker (systems) and yes the JBL OnStage and the Bose Sounddock are both very good and do live up to their reputations, but your stuck with using them only when there is an outlet nearby
 I spent a lot of time reviewing Toaster Ovens to replace our 8 year old Delonghi Alfredo one. Most of the others had so-so features or bad enough reviews that made me pass on them; however, with the 5-star review and Cuisinart name, I chose the TOB-30BC.  It toasts, it bakes, it looks nice and it has the knobs that my hubby likes in lieu of digital. Overall, it's a great oven and we have no complaints with it's cooking abilities or the sturdiness of the unit; but less than a month later, one of the knobs broke off the unit. They are completely plastic and no metal reinforcement to prevent this from happening. My hubby sent an email to Cuisinart and they are sending a replacement knob, but one would have expected better engineering from a name like Cuisinart
 When we needed speaker systems for a batch of new workstations, price was the main consideration. The price for these units was well below budget.  Since our main application for them was for audio-enhanced CAT (Computer Assisted Training), High fidelity and volume were not issues.  They worked admirably for the purpose.When we needed speaker systems for a batch of new workstations, price was the main consideration. The price for these units was well below budget.  Since our main application for them was for audio-enhanced CAT (Computer Assisted Training), High fidelity and volume were not issues.  They worked admirably for the purpose.The use of a USB port for the power supply was a clever twist. One of my aggravating support woes is keeping speaker power adapters matched up with corresponding speakers.  I had been buying unpowered (unamplified) units with no manual volume control.  The USB trick gives me just what I want
 I've purchased several Logitech mice(cordless optical)and I've been satisfied with all of them, except for the battery life.  I had to change the batteries in my previous mouse once a month.  This new Logitech mouse is terrific.  It's been several months and I have not had to change the batteries yet ... and I am not even using the on-off switch (I want to test the battery life without the switch first).  Battery issues aside, the mouse is smooth, light and accurate.  It was simple to install and I'd buy it again in a heartbeat
 this stereo works great and its cute and small so it doesnt take up alot of room, it lights up blue when u turn it on in the dark and i love the remote, now i dont have to get up to switch the station
 I bought this headset and I must say it's a great buy. First off it's lightweight weighing in at about 16 grams. It's small which definately helps when your wearing it around. At times it's like you don't even feel liek your wearing anything. Exactly how a headset should be. I've place and recieved many calls with it already and having been using the the traditional wired headsets of the past this headset sound better and has no wires. The only problem I have found so far is that it takes some time getting used to the button placement and answering calls with the headset. Not to mention you only hear the standard ringtone rather than your custom ringtones. But that a small price to pay for such a great, inexpensive headset like this one
 I was looking for comfy earphones to replace my Phillips one I got awhile back cos the rubber coating had fallen off and I stumbled on this one. I was a bit skeptical about the volume control thinking it would give out after a few times of sliding up and down but it works wonderfully and is so light and responsive to touch as well as being sturdy. I was looking for comfy earphones to replace my Phillips one I got awhile back cos the rubber coating had fallen off and I stumbled on this one. I was a bit skeptical about the volume control thinking it would give out after a few times of sliding up and down but it works wonderfully and is so light and responsive to touch as well as being sturdy. I started out using the foam that came with it but that proved to be a bother and pretty much useless as the plastic earbuds are comfy enough. And they stay in your ears like glue. No more readjusting and I loved that.I started out using the foam that came with it but that proved to be a bother and pretty much useless as the plastic earbuds are comfy enough. And they stay in your ears like glue. No more readjusting and I loved that.For the price, this SO worth it.
 I bought These earbuds for the first time 3 years ago for $15 now u can get them for under $10 They last more than six months of hard wear and tear  before they need replacing awsome i've been using them for a long time and don't plan on changin
 Lenmar Is great to work with, When Beach Audio will not do exchanges for faulty equipment. Beach Audio told me I would need to purchase another one then when they get the faulty one back they would refund my money for the second one that I had to purchase. POOR RETURN POLICY. So I just sent it to Lenmar under the warranty and they sent me a new one. Only took one week to get it. GO LENMAR.I've been able to watch on a 10in. Portable DVD Two (2hr) movies on just this battery with a little to time to spare. ***NICE BATTERY*** 
 I really likethe design on this Protector, and bought 3.I really likethe design on this Protector, and bought 3.It allows you to plug multiple transformers in, and still have room for regular plugs. Slipping plus in is a firm push, but not that tough. It allows you to plug multiple transformers in, and still have room for regular plugs. Slipping plus in is a firm push, but not that tough. I also like the fact that it gives you a warning light if you get up around 12 amps.. Cool, but you have to keep in mind a 15 amp circuit shoulldn't have 12 amps to one plug..I also like the fact that it gives you a warning light if you get up around 12 amps.. Cool, but you have to keep in mind a 15 amp circuit shoulldn't have 12 amps to one plug..The cord restraint system slides out to hold all the cords, then wedges backin to hold them in place. A bit hard to set up, and a zip tie could achieve the same thing, altough this is way easier if you change things
 Overall, I like this surge protector and would buy it again. I bought it primarily because of the 11 outlets, six of which are spaced out to accommodate big brick-style transformer plugs. I did a lot of digging to find the surge protector that had the most outlets in this configuration, and this unit always came up.  It has worked just fine for the month or so I've owned it. I particularly appreciate the angled plug, which allows you to use the second plug in a wall outlet without a problem.Overall, I like this surge protector and would buy it again. I bought it primarily because of the 11 outlets, six of which are spaced out to accommodate big brick-style transformer plugs. I did a lot of digging to find the surge protector that had the most outlets in this configuration, and this unit always came up.  It has worked just fine for the month or so I've owned it. I particularly appreciate the angled plug, which allows you to use the second plug in a wall outlet without a problem.I only have two quibbles with the APC--the color and the stiffness caused by the plug-activated safety shutters.  Plugging and unplugging cords requires some force to overcome the safety shutters, which could be a problem if you are trying to get something plugged or unplugged while the unit is in an awkward position or hard-to-reach location.  On a much more minor note, the black unit and cord stand out quite a bit against light-colored walls and carpets, even when tucked behind a desk.I only have two quibbles with the APC--the color and the stiffness caused by the plug-activated safety shutters.  Plugging and unplugging cords requires some force to overcome the safety shutters, which could be a problem if you are trying to get something plugged or unplugged while the unit is in an awkward position or hard-to-reach location.  On a much more minor note, the black unit and cord stand out quite a bit against light-colored walls and carpets, even when tucked behind a desk.I don't use the phone or coax plugs, so I don't know if my unit has the problem (or "feature") other reviewers have reported with Internet signal degradation
 My mp830 has performed well in the time that I've had it.  My family members have found it easy to use as well.  I was saddened at the early demise of my Epson cx6400 which suffered from a common problem of dried ink clogging the feeder tube.  I chose the Canon after reading good reviews, and I got it for an excellent price right here on Amazon plus free shipping.  It still sells for more at my local Office Depot and Best Buy. In truth I haven't tried all of it's claimed capabilities, but I'm happy with what it's been able to do thus far.     
    I use this in my videography business, primarily for weddings.  So far I've never had a problem, and the mic has always given me a clear recording of voices from a lapel position.   I use it in conjunction with my iRiver-795, to record the sound directly, and it's worked like a dream... recommende
 These 2.0 speakers sound great (and not just for their size), are adjustable, small, and good looking. I'm about half deaf and every speakers with a separate woofer had too much bass when I turned the volume up so I could understand human speech. I'm happy I spent the money. These are real quality in my opinion
 I recently bought an altec lancing headset for $20 and it was the worst headset investment I've made. Horrible support for the ears and very uncomfortable to wear and they eventually broke within a week or two. So I bought this headset and I have been quite pleased with it. The mic output is extremely crisp. While talking with clients they said that it sounds like I'm talking on the telephone with them or better. They are very comfortable and rest on the top of your head unlike many headsets like my prior pair which have a support on the back of the neck which does nothing. All in all a good headset.
 Works good for me. Some time one can hear some interference but over all a pretty good product
 This product is awsome, i intalled it on my car with a sony stereo system, i placed the end of the ilink cable inside of a compartment of my car so i could put my ipod in, the sound quality that the cable delivers its outstanding, besides, it does not look like a cheap cable, it has a thick rubber coating that gives it some stiffness....If you are realy thinking on connecting your ipod to your home or car stereo this is the right solution
 I've been using this CF card on my Nikon 4300 for a couple of months now.  It writes fast compared to my other CF (Canon stock, from another camera).  However, start up of the camera takes longer (because of the size), and as more pictures are stored, there is a noticeable degradation in speed in writing.  I've also used this on a Dell Axim, and it worked great!  No problem in formatting
 I'm still discovering the power of this program - at least when teamed with the Garmin 60CS.  Auto routing, waypoints, detailed maps, assistance in finding the nearest gas station... the list is nearly endless.I'm still discovering the power of this program - at least when teamed with the Garmin 60CS.  Auto routing, waypoints, detailed maps, assistance in finding the nearest gas station... the list is nearly endless.I've recommended this combination to several of my friends who are also consultants and who operate in a broad geography
 Well, I have used 3-4 cassette adapters, till i heard this one, only words that i can say is you have to hear it to identify the difference.i have been using it with my cd player and also with IPOD, with others i had to make sure that the volume on ipod was 100% but with this one hey 85% is too much.i have been using it with my cd player and also with IPOD, with others i had to make sure that the volume on ipod was 100% but with this one hey 85% is too much.Well i showed it to 1 of my friend and he also loved it, and took mine and told me to get another.Well i showed it to 1 of my friend and he also loved it, and took mine and told me to get another.Don't hesitate to buy this one
 I bought this from amazon for $15 and it works great with my car audio.It is easy to use and working fine till now. The audio quality is decent and surely recommend this
 There are lots of reviews here and most appear to be on-target relative to my experience with these headphones.  But here are my 2 cents:I got these to replace some aging Sony MDR-V2's that I purchased maybe 10 years ago.  The ear cushions of the MDR-V2's had begun to deteriorate, and I figured it was time to see what had improved in 10 years.  I just compared them to the older V2s and I can say that the V6 is definitely better.  They fully surround the ears (V2s just sat on your ear, pressing on them).  The V6s also seem to offer more detailed sound.  I concur that they sound a little bright, but I can take care of this on my iPod by setting the EQ to ReduceTreble (but I like the brightness, so sometimes I don't do that).  I do NOT concur with other review comments about weak bass.  They appear to have the right amount.  (IMHO - it is a shame that bass has been overemphasized in the past decade, at the expense of flatness and non-coloring of sound).  I also concur that the sensitivity of these is quite good (plenty loud for me with the iPod - and I listen at good levels - albeit not ear damaging ones).As a last comment, I notice Amazon has these for about $65.  I paid $99 at a local store.  Buy from Amazon !  (no - I don't work for or invest in them ;-
 I bought these after reading over a hundred reviews for them, and I agree with the consensus that they deliver a flat, uncolored sound with tight, but not boomy, or overpowering bass. By the way, I've owned the Sony MDR-V600's for a couple of years now thinking they had replaced these, but they are actually more of a consumer model that seem to be comparable in terms of price and specifications, but are actually quite inferior to these in my opinion. These have been used by Musicians, studio engineers, and on air talent for 20 years now
 the razor diamondback is awsome no problems with install. and great sensetivity when doing everything
 Although there are more expensive options, if you're just looking for something to keep your iPod from sliding all over in the car, the iSqueez is a great option.Although there are more expensive options, if you're just looking for something to keep your iPod from sliding all over in the car, the iSqueez is a great option.I use this with the Monster iCarPlay FM Transmitter/Charger, which uses the dock connector.  I can't get my iPod mini to fit all the way down in where it should because of this, but it still fits in there well enough to stay in place.I use this with the Monster iCarPlay FM Transmitter/Charger, which uses the dock connector.  I can't get my iPod mini to fit all the way down in where it should because of this, but it still fits in there well enough to stay in place.I find that it holds the iPod at a great angle for viewing the screen from where you're sitting (though I'd recommend putting the passenger in charge of finding music)
 This player is very convenient for long trips. If you want to save the money, you can get it Free from this web site:   awesomestufffree.com/portabledv
 I'm a section editor at a high school newspaper and I have used this drive every day both in that class and in all my others for over a year and it has never let me down. It's small, sleek and elegant and has a quick transfer rate.I'm a section editor at a high school newspaper and I have used this drive every day both in that class and in all my others for over a year and it has never let me down. It's small, sleek and elegant and has a quick transfer rate.The only issue is with the caps ans skins, which get annoyingly loose over time. I carry it around on a little pouch on my keys that I keep on my belt loop. When I pull it out of the pouch it will sometimes pull off the cap and skin. It's a minor annoyance for an otherwise great flash drive.The only issue is with the caps ans skins, which get annoyingly loose over time. I carry it around on a little pouch on my keys that I keep on my belt loop. When I pull it out of the pouch it will sometimes pull off the cap and skin. It's a minor annoyance for an otherwise great flash drive.I just went out and bought the 1GB version and I use them both
 Awesome product for the price.  You need to get a SMALL ring (like from a key fob from a car) to use it on your own key ring
 Good sound quality for the sub-$150 (per pair) price tag. Easy to install
 i can't believe the unbelievable prices of flash drives these days.  i just bought this one from Wal-mart for $20.00 dollars.  that's way cheaper than on amazon.com.  plus i've noticed that amazon.com has switched to third retailers and some don't even ship to hawaii, or do ship to hawaii at a hefty price.  this switching of amazon having the lowest price to third retailers is really turning me off.  possibly even towards purchasing books. 
 Small, convenient and classy. I love the Netgear Wi-Fi phone. Yes, it isn't perfect, but due to the uplink with Skype, they can update the software in the phone. I'm hoping they will be able to make the phone more compatible with Starbucks and hotel wi-fi. That would make the phone perfect. In the meanwhile, I'm enjoying making phone calls all hours of the day to my friends round the world
 It certainly did.  Excellent color qualit
 After I read some folk's horror stories, I was really reluctant to purchase this device. Well, it took me only 5 minutes to configure the DWL-G710, and another 10 minutes to find the best place for it in the house. It was really simple and it worked well with our Comcast/Netgear wireless cable modem.After I read some folk's horror stories, I was really reluctant to purchase this device. Well, it took me only 5 minutes to configure the DWL-G710, and another 10 minutes to find the best place for it in the house. It was really simple and it worked well with our Comcast/Netgear wireless cable modem.Excellent product
 I'm not entirely sure how other people are finding ways to damage their earphones, but I have used the same pair since the summer of 2000 (purchased from Amazon), and I have never had any difficulties besides losing the essential earpiece covers, which were easily replaced. When they are wound up in their little yellow case, the headphones' wires are well protected from stress unlike other models that don't offer such security.I'm not entirely sure how other people are finding ways to damage their earphones, but I have used the same pair since the summer of 2000 (purchased from Amazon), and I have never had any difficulties besides losing the essential earpiece covers, which were easily replaced. When they are wound up in their little yellow case, the headphones' wires are well protected from stress unlike other models that don't offer such security.Compared to other headphones I have used, especially noise cancelling of both active and passive varieties, these phones have superior bass response, and all levels of sound seem reasonably clear.Compared to other headphones I have used, especially noise cancelling of both active and passive varieties, these phones have superior bass response, and all levels of sound seem reasonably clear.I have used these earphones with many different devices over five years: CD players, MP3 players (including iPods), Pocket PCs, desktops, and notebooks. They always sound great, EXCEPT - due to their greater sensitivity to sound, I often am able to detect the hiss caused by poorly designed audio hardware, which I otherwise wouldn't hear with over-ear phones. Pocket PCs especially seem prone to this, as their audio hardware is crammed so tightly in with noisy backlit screens and processors
 Unit performs well, is reasonably fast, and has on-board security software that will allow the setting of a password.  If you choose this option, loading each time upon insertion is a little slower, and you must 'stop' the unit prior to removing it when operating under the password protection.  The few times I have forgotten I've not lost any data, but it scolds me for doing so upon the next use. 
 purchased the unit 9/05 because there wasn't a tele jack near the t.v.... thus far has worked w/o a hitch connected to my direct t.v. black box to show caller i.d. on the screen...
 These cables are super with my new DVD player. There is absolutely no interference from my other home theater equipment. The picture is soo clear, and vivid. The cables themselves are really made well, they could hold up 100 pounds of weight no doubt. If you get these Monster cables you won't be sorry
 I purchased my iTrip about 4 months ago and now can give an objective review of the product.  The iTrip is a good choice over competitors' products and offers a good value for the money.  Radio reception is good; I especially like the changing channels feature.  The fact that it charges the iPod while in use even makes it better.  The only negative thing that I've discovered is that sometimes it disconnects from the iPod slot and I have to push it back.  That's mostly due to rattles and I imagine will get worse with time.  I purchased my iTrip about 4 months ago and now can give an objective review of the product.  The iTrip is a good choice over competitors' products and offers a good value for the money.  Radio reception is good; I especially like the changing channels feature.  The fact that it charges the iPod while in use even makes it better.  The only negative thing that I've discovered is that sometimes it disconnects from the iPod slot and I have to push it back.  That's mostly due to rattles and I imagine will get worse with time.  Overall, good product, good value for the money, and if carefully handled, will last a long time. 
 I bought mine about a week ago and I haven't had any problems with it. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because it's a little hard to plug in & take out. But other then that I'm 100% pleased with it. It's not CD quality but it's very close. Good buy
 This review concerns the "v3" hardware and firmware v3.0_20 - I did not purchase from Amazon.This review concerns the "v3" hardware and firmware v3.0_20 - I did not purchase from Amazon.For the most part, everything works pretty well.  I have discovered a bug where the log is not cleared after a scheduled-email out, which leads to strange behavior for the log-emailing function.  I can always go into the web-interface to view or clear it with no problem.  Another thing to note regarding the log is that VPN (not pass-thru) has its own separate log area, which does not get emailed out.For the most part, everything works pretty well.  I have discovered a bug where the log is not cleared after a scheduled-email out, which leads to strange behavior for the log-emailing function.  I can always go into the web-interface to view or clear it with no problem.  Another thing to note regarding the log is that VPN (not pass-thru) has its own separate log area, which does not get emailed out.As expected, Netgear support is mediocre.  Level 1 support can only handle very simple issues and Level 2 support is VERY slow.  I recommend you use the incident-submission area of the "My Netgear" website, so you can more easily track/respond to support incidents.As expected, Netgear support is mediocre.  Level 1 support can only handle very simple issues and Level 2 support is VERY slow.  I recommend you use the incident-submission area of the "My Netgear" website, so you can more easily track/respond to support incidents.For those of you using the FR114p model, this is basically the same thing with 8-connection VPN service minus the printer port.For those of you using the FR114p model, this is basically the same thing with 8-connection VPN service minus the printer port.I figure, after a few more firmware revisions, this will be a really good unit
 The navigation kit works well although you do need a mostly flat area to set it on. Our Toyota Highlander lacks enough room between the windsheild and the dash to set it up on top, but we placed it below the gear shift on the center console and it worked quite well. The Ique was able to hold signels with no problem. I think the suction base might be a better solution for cars with out a low flat dash area
 I love the iShuffle. It does the job. Not many features, but makes my 2-hour commute livable.I love the iShuffle. It does the job. Not many features, but makes my 2-hour commute livable.i put all my podcasts up top and list the songs in alpahbetical order (by artist name) so all is organized. It's like flying blind, but who said blind was impossible? Certainly not Helen Keller
 I just thought people should know that you can by the shuffle from Apple and have it engraved and shipped for free for $79.00 (everyday price). So Amazon is not really offering a great deal here
 This is the best device I have bought for at least a couple decades. I am a degreed engineer, and I love gadgets. Just the best. I have had it about 3 months, and I love it. Attractive base, all the connections, removable speakers, picture quality is among the best LCD that I have viewed. I highly recommend it
  the speakers sounds excellent for it's price but the power button has a defect. you need to push it a certain way to power it on
 It doesn't have spectacular bass power, but I am happy for the product I got at such a feasible pric
 Pro:Very clear, stylish, eazy assemble.Very clear, stylish, eazy assemble.Con:None I can think of
 I have had and used two pairs of these headphones over the last year. I have been very happy with them, and even bought the second pair to keep as a backup. I have had and used two pairs of these headphones over the last year. I have been very happy with them, and even bought the second pair to keep as a backup. The Good: They are not only noise-cancelling, but they also are rubber earbuds which fit snugly and comfortably in the ear, blocking more noise. If you put them on without any audio source, in only dulls background noise, but I think that's the best you can expect from any pair. While listening to audio, nearly everything is blocked out unless you really listen for it. There is a neck strap with the noise-cancelling component in the middle and the two earbuds hanging from each side. You put it around your neck like a necklace, put the buds in your ears, and use the power and volume controls on the noise-cancelling piece.The Good: They are not only noise-cancelling, but they also are rubber earbuds which fit snugly and comfortably in the ear, blocking more noise. If you put them on without any audio source, in only dulls background noise, but I think that's the best you can expect from any pair. While listening to audio, nearly everything is blocked out unless you really listen for it. There is a neck strap with the noise-cancelling component in the middle and the two earbuds hanging from each side. You put it around your neck like a necklace, put the buds in your ears, and use the power and volume controls on the noise-cancelling piece.The Bad: Nothing is actually "bad" about them, but they're not quite perfect. The earbuds will easily slip out if you're sweating, or if they get at all greasy from your skin or earwax. However, they pop right off and you can wash them with a little soap and water in about 10 seconds. I do this daily when I use them. However, that doesn't make them the best solution for walking or jogging. Once one starts slipping, it generally won't stay in well until it (and your ears) have been cleaned, which detracts from the noise-cancelling effect. The Bad: Nothing is actually "bad" about them, but they're not quite perfect. The earbuds will easily slip out if you're sweating, or if they get at all greasy from your skin or earwax. However, they pop right off and you can wash them with a little soap and water in about 10 seconds. I do this daily when I use them. However, that doesn't make them the best solution for walking or jogging. Once one starts slipping, it generally won't stay in well until it (and your ears) have been cleaned, which detracts from the noise-cancelling effect. Other Thoughts: The cord is plenty long enough to reach an iPod or whatever at about belt level. However, if the player is in a pants pocket, it could be a little close. Also, I often wear it when I'm not using it, because you can forget it's there, and also it beats putting it into a pocket to get tangled. I had an issue once because I was sitting at a desk, and it dangled to the floor. When I stood up, I stood on the end and the force of my neck going up while my foot held it down damaged the wiring -- I began to get a slight buzz in one ear. However, I blame myself for that -- it was a mighty tug.Other Thoughts: The cord is plenty long enough to reach an iPod or whatever at about belt level. However, if the player is in a pants pocket, it could be a little close. Also, I often wear it when I'm not using it, because you can forget it's there, and also it beats putting it into a pocket to get tangled. I had an issue once because I was sitting at a desk, and it dangled to the floor. When I stood up, I stood on the end and the force of my neck going up while my foot held it down damaged the wiring -- I began to get a slight buzz in one ear. However, I blame myself for that -- it was a mighty tug.I bought mine at Target, where they were labelled $24.99, on "clearance" from $49.99. A couple of months later they were back to $49.99. Once they dropped again to $34.99 (another "clearance" price), I bought a second pair as a backup. I'm glad I did -- I'm still using the second pair. Battery life is great. I don't know how many hours I get, but I can go at least a couple of weeks using my iPod for at least a couple of hours per day, listening to podcasts and audiobooks
 Works great in my Cingular 8125 phone. I can't believe how inexpensive these have become! More space than I'll likely every need, and no speed issues (noting that the 8125 is no speed demon itself; I can't attest to this product's performance in something that's inherently faster)
 I ordered the 2 gb card twice....Fast shipping and both worked perfectly
 This phone has excellent voice quality, including in conference mode. The only reasons it doesn't get 5 stars from me is that :a) it is unable to operate if there is a power outage - as opposed to perhaps just losing some of its functionality . Just make sure it isn't the only phone in your home.b) there is a bug which occasionnally renders it unable to operate. I can't figure out what causes it. It may be my cats that walk on it at night and press a weird sequence wit their paws :). The only cure I have found is to pull the power plug, which reboots it
 Amazon has a nice price on the JBL Duet Speakers (July 2006 - 36.95) dealmac is a site I used and returned to amazon.Amazon has a nice price on the JBL Duet Speakers (July 2006 - 36.95) dealmac is a site I used and returned to amazon.I purchased these for my office desk where I wanted a crisp sound for low volume daily listening. Anything from Ambient, to Rock and Jazz. They produce sounds nicely, nice tight crisp. If these came with a woofer unit these would be ideal speakers, as the 2-pieces alone do not produce any significant bass at all. Just the "hints" of bass in the music but no thud, if that's what you are hoping for. I did turn these up loud to listen to their full sound and they do sound good.  These are perfect for offices and just daily music, sound is superb. Not for audiophiles or for people who are expecting to shake everything on their desks. I purchased these for my office desk where I wanted a crisp sound for low volume daily listening. Anything from Ambient, to Rock and Jazz. They produce sounds nicely, nice tight crisp. If these came with a woofer unit these would be ideal speakers, as the 2-pieces alone do not produce any significant bass at all. Just the "hints" of bass in the music but no thud, if that's what you are hoping for. I did turn these up loud to listen to their full sound and they do sound good.  These are perfect for offices and just daily music, sound is superb. Not for audiophiles or for people who are expecting to shake everything on their desks. Build quality is "ok". I got the white speakers and they are the nice "Mac" white plastic. The JBL logo on the speaker itself is awfully big. And the silver volume knob is made of that cheap silver flake paint over plastic which is abit tacky. One of the soft rubber pads on the bottom of these (meant to not scratch your desk) did fall off during opening but they are glued on so no big deal in placing it back on.  Build quality is "ok". I got the white speakers and they are the nice "Mac" white plastic. The JBL logo on the speaker itself is awfully big. And the silver volume knob is made of that cheap silver flake paint over plastic which is abit tacky. One of the soft rubber pads on the bottom of these (meant to not scratch your desk) did fall off during opening but they are glued on so no big deal in placing it back on.  The design is very modern and cool tho. They look nice on my desk.The design is very modern and cool tho. They look nice on my desk.You will need to keep these on for abit to let the speakers fully... break in. They sound awful right out of the box and after maybe one hour of keeping these on they will sound better.You will need to keep these on for abit to let the speakers fully... break in. They sound awful right out of the box and after maybe one hour of keeping these on they will sound better.On the low end of speakers out right now, these will probably sound the best and are most modern design, compared to the black boxes out there
 I bought this laptop stand when I found out that my laptop could drive dual screens so I could have different items on the two screens and drag stuff between them.  So now I have the center of the screens at the same height, side-by-side.  It is really nice to have twice the screen real-estate.I bought this laptop stand when I found out that my laptop could drive dual screens so I could have different items on the two screens and drag stuff between them.  So now I have the center of the screens at the same height, side-by-side.  It is really nice to have twice the screen real-estate.I figured that mostly I would put background stuff on the laptop screen (like email) and use my big hi-resolution screen for what I was activly working on.  But, now that the laptop screen is up at eye level, I tend to use it just as often as the big monitor!  It turns out that my dislike of the laptop screen had more to do with having to look down at it, even though I was not aware of that until I got it raised. 
 One of the least expensive ways out there to raise your computer screen to eye level. I am 6'3, so when I sit I am still pretty high in the air. With this stand I am able to sit with great posture and look straight ahead to my screen. I would definitely suggest getting one of these if you've ever thought about raising your monitor up off the desk
 I'm overly critical of sound quality. At home i have the Tritton surround sound headset running off optical connection. this doesnt' compare to that but the Tritton is $99 too. I'm overly critical of sound quality. At home i have the Tritton surround sound headset running off optical connection. this doesnt' compare to that but the Tritton is $99 too. For the $ this is really nice. Sound, microphone and wire quality are all good. Controls are easy to use and the software is easy to use too. They're also fairly comfortable. Good headset for work
 I love this printer. I purchased it to print 8X10s from my digital camera. The ink doesn't fade over time like my HP did.
 As you may already know, this is an accessory handset which will only work if you have one of these Panasonic models: KX-TG2700/KX-TG2720, KX-TG2730/KX-TG2740. As you may already know, this is an accessory handset which will only work if you have one of these Panasonic models: KX-TG2700/KX-TG2720, KX-TG2730/KX-TG2740. The Panasonic KX-TGA271V, does not need (or use) a telephone jack. It simply plugs into any standard electrical socket and works off the base unit with one of the models mentioned above.The Panasonic KX-TGA271V, does not need (or use) a telephone jack. It simply plugs into any standard electrical socket and works off the base unit with one of the models mentioned above.This phone was also very easy to register. (It had to be charged for about 2 hours before it could be registered...) I simply had to press the "MUTE" button on my base unit and then press the "PLAY" button on the phone (the registration directions were even displayed on the LCD display on the phone!) Please know that I did find the Panasonic instaltion manual/registration directions to be a little confusing.This phone was also very easy to register. (It had to be charged for about 2 hours before it could be registered...) I simply had to press the "MUTE" button on my base unit and then press the "PLAY" button on the phone (the registration directions were even displayed on the LCD display on the phone!) Please know that I did find the Panasonic instaltion manual/registration directions to be a little confusing.Some features that are NOT mentioned in this description which ARE included are: finger grips/ergonomic sizing on the sides of the phone, the opportunity to play your answering machine messages off this phone (the base unit to the KX-TG2730 has a digital answering machine, and I suspect the other Panasonic models do as well) ---- THIS WAS THE MAIN REASON WHY I PURCHASED THIS PHONE, YES THE KX-TGA271V WILL PLAY YOUR ANSWERING MACHINE MESSAGES OFF THIS PHONE THROUGH THE SPEAKER ON THE BACK OF IT!!!, a separate "call waiting" dedicated button is also included.Some features that are NOT mentioned in this description which ARE included are: finger grips/ergonomic sizing on the sides of the phone, the opportunity to play your answering machine messages off this phone (the base unit to the KX-TG2730 has a digital answering machine, and I suspect the other Panasonic models do as well) ---- THIS WAS THE MAIN REASON WHY I PURCHASED THIS PHONE, YES THE KX-TGA271V WILL PLAY YOUR ANSWERING MACHINE MESSAGES OFF THIS PHONE THROUGH THE SPEAKER ON THE BACK OF IT!!!, a separate "call waiting" dedicated button is also included.Also, this phone will use any standard headset, it does NOT need a Panasonic branded headset. This was very important for me because I ofen use a headset and I do not want to purchase another one. I have since learned that ALL cordless phone headsets can be used on ANY type of cordless phone! Also, this phone will use any standard headset, it does NOT need a Panasonic branded headset. This was very important for me because I ofen use a headset and I do not want to purchase another one. I have since learned that ALL cordless phone headsets can be used on ANY type of cordless phone! Please know that the batteries on this phone are not interchangeable with the KX-TG2730 system (that is the model that I have.) Also, the KX-TG2730 phone can't be charged in this charger, and vice versa. That is (likely) because the KX-TGA271V phone is slightly smaller and weighs less. Please know that the batteries on this phone are not interchangeable with the KX-TG2730 system (that is the model that I have.) Also, the KX-TG2730 phone can't be charged in this charger, and vice versa. That is (likely) because the KX-TGA271V phone is slightly smaller and weighs less. The face of the phone is white with a purple trim. The back of the phone is also purple on the bottom and white on the top half. The "white" in the phone is sort of a shiny metalic white, and the "purple" is not shiny at all. Some of the buttons are also slightly smaller than the buttons on the KX-TG2730 model. And the LCD screen is not flat, it is indented slightly, and bordered in silver. The face of the phone is white with a purple trim. The back of the phone is also purple on the bottom and white on the top half. The "white" in the phone is sort of a shiny metalic white, and the "purple" is not shiny at all. Some of the buttons are also slightly smaller than the buttons on the KX-TG2730 model. And the LCD screen is not flat, it is indented slightly, and bordered in silver. I purchased this phone from an Amazon.com merchant and am very pleased with it. I noticed that another Amazon.com merchant is selling the same phone that I purchased for less ($30.), however that merchant has HORRIFIC feedback and I was only too glad to pay a little extra for the confidence of knowing that I would receive a phone in a timely manner that would work! I purchased this phone from an Amazon.com merchant and am very pleased with it. I noticed that another Amazon.com merchant is selling the same phone that I purchased for less ($30.), however that merchant has HORRIFIC feedback and I was only too glad to pay a little extra for the confidence of knowing that I would receive a phone in a timely manner that would work! Panasonic makes very good phones. The only (big) problem is the battery life. The batteries often die after less than 90 minutes. I have solved this problem by purchasing a second set of batteries. However, this is still not a perfect solution. So, I had to purchase another set of cordless phones (Uniden.) I now keep two phones in each of the rooms that I had each of the Panasonic phones, and so far have not run in to any problems. I hope Panasonic will offer batteries with longer lives soon.Panasonic makes very good phones. The only (big) problem is the battery life. The batteries often die after less than 90 minutes. I have solved this problem by purchasing a second set of batteries. However, this is still not a perfect solution. So, I had to purchase another set of cordless phones (Uniden.) I now keep two phones in each of the rooms that I had each of the Panasonic phones, and so far have not run in to any problems. I hope Panasonic will offer batteries with longer lives soon.All in all this is an excellent phone. I hope the extra details that I provided will help a prospective buyer make the right decision. Amazon.com rarely provides specific details to these types of questions (does Amazon.com only employ braindead dimwits?) and the Panasonic Website does not offer this info
 I recently bought an HP 17" widescreen laptop and needed to find a case for traveling. This case is all that and more...on one side is a detachable cell phone case...the other side a HIDDEN drink holder. It has a pocket that it slides into if not needed- that came in handy in the airport.I recently bought an HP 17" widescreen laptop and needed to find a case for traveling. This case is all that and more...on one side is a detachable cell phone case...the other side a HIDDEN drink holder. It has a pocket that it slides into if not needed- that came in handy in the airport.This case looks extremely sturdy (well built!)and dirt just seems to wipe right off of it. It holds my 17" laptop, PDA, Cell phone, computer mouse, one-time-use cameras, Ipod, and all the wires and chargers for those electronics. I even fit two books, keys, a folder filled with directions and plane tickets, a notebook, and two dvd's in here. (all of that at the same time) Granted, all that stuff makes it pretty heavy to lug around the airport, so if you are doing that routinely you are going to want something with wheels or backpack form. The strap on this bag is extremely sturdy and cushiony. The strap was long enough for me to wear it diagonally accross my chest if I wanted, but it is not detachable (which means it isn't likely to fall off easily).This case looks extremely sturdy (well built!)and dirt just seems to wipe right off of it. It holds my 17" laptop, PDA, Cell phone, computer mouse, one-time-use cameras, Ipod, and all the wires and chargers for those electronics. I even fit two books, keys, a folder filled with directions and plane tickets, a notebook, and two dvd's in here. (all of that at the same time) Granted, all that stuff makes it pretty heavy to lug around the airport, so if you are doing that routinely you are going to want something with wheels or backpack form. The strap on this bag is extremely sturdy and cushiony. The strap was long enough for me to wear it diagonally accross my chest if I wanted, but it is not detachable (which means it isn't likely to fall off easily).This bag is extremely well-designed. There is a strap for attaching it to wheeled luggage...it even fits under the window seat of the airplane and those areas for storage are much smaller than the aisle seats. Very well padded..I knocked my brand new computer around a bit during the travels and kept opening the case to make sure it was okay! Of course it was fine because there are 3 heavy duty layers of padding.This bag is extremely well-designed. There is a strap for attaching it to wheeled luggage...it even fits under the window seat of the airplane and those areas for storage are much smaller than the aisle seats. Very well padded..I knocked my brand new computer around a bit during the travels and kept opening the case to make sure it was okay! Of course it was fine because there are 3 heavy duty layers of padding.Because this bag does all that and more, it is large. It becomes larger the more you stuff it (obviously). However, I am 5'1" and I carried it fine from North Carolina to New York. It looks great, if I needed to go to a meeting with my laptop I would gladly take it in this case. It looks professional enough.Because this bag does all that and more, it is large. It becomes larger the more you stuff it (obviously). However, I am 5'1" and I carried it fine from North Carolina to New York. It looks great, if I needed to go to a meeting with my laptop I would gladly take it in this case. It looks professional enough.happy buying!ps. let me add that finding a decently priced case for a 17" laptop that has all the features this one does is nearly impossible. Also, in the stores I checked this was sold for about 30 dollars more than here on amazon!! If you have a smaller laptop, this case will work just fine too! It has an adjustable divider. You will just gain more room for other stuff. I look foward to long usage of this case.
 Very reasonable price and a must have as a spare for those that leave affixed to windshield year-round. Fast shipping. A great shopping experience
 I've read the other reviews of this product and feel a need to defend this gadget. I've owned mine for about three years and I love it. I use it nightly. The application I find this perfect for is Audio Books stored on MP3. This of one of the only small, portable MP3 players that has it's own speakers. I go to bed listening to audio books and I don't want to wear a pair of earphones or lug a set of extra powered speakers around. However just slightly larger than a CD Walkman when folded closed it is small enough to work great on an airline trip, where headphones are preferable to the endless roar of the planes engines.I've read the other reviews of this product and feel a need to defend this gadget. I've owned mine for about three years and I love it. I use it nightly. The application I find this perfect for is Audio Books stored on MP3. This of one of the only small, portable MP3 players that has it's own speakers. I go to bed listening to audio books and I don't want to wear a pair of earphones or lug a set of extra powered speakers around. However just slightly larger than a CD Walkman when folded closed it is small enough to work great on an airline trip, where headphones are preferable to the endless roar of the planes engines.The big gripes I've seen repeated in the other reviews are: 1) Poor radio reception. 2) No Bass from the mini speakers. 3) Short Battery life. 3) Short Battery life.1) I never use this to listen to the radio, so I won't comment on it good or bad. But there are thousands of good and cheep radio's on the market so if you need a radio, go buy a radio.1) I never use this to listen to the radio, so I won't comment on it good or bad. But there are thousands of good and cheep radio's on the market so if you need a radio, go buy a radio.2) I'll agree with the poor bass reproduction in the speakers. Small cone's yield small bass. It's a physics thing. However when I travel and use this to play music in a hotel room, it's been good enough to satisfy the want of a little background music.2) I'll agree with the poor bass reproduction in the speakers. Small cone's yield small bass. It's a physics thing. However when I travel and use this to play music in a hotel room, it's been good enough to satisfy the want of a little background music.3) Battery Life. I'm surprised by the times listed by other reviewers. I get about 30-35 hours of use when I'm on the road using the AA's. When at home or in a hotel, the AC adapter removes the concern about battery life completely. 3) Battery Life. I'm surprised by the times listed by other reviewers. I get about 30-35 hours of use when I'm on the road using the AA's. When at home or in a hotel, the AC adapter removes the concern about battery life completely. Perhaps this is because I primarily play MP3 disks which it spins up to read into it's buffer then spins down until it needs more data. Perhaps this is because I primarily play MP3 disks which it spins up to read into it's buffer then spins down until it needs more data. Anyway I wanted to toss in my two cents, as this is a great gadget for audio book listeners, and I would hate to see someone miss out on it because some reviewers expected the performance of a boom box or home stereo out of a Walkman sized device.. It's my hope that we'll see more devices like this on the market and the price point to come down a bit. But bottom line, I've got my monies worth, and if anyone doesn't want theirs, I'd be glad to take it off their hands.
 I have used this 128 MB XD Memory card and it works fine.  The pictures are good.  I have had no problems.  I now have this memory card and the standard 16 MB card that came with my camera.  Good deal.
 Review this product over the internet, and it is just what I was looking for my daughter of twelve years of age, pros. is portable and rechargable; cons. the sound is not as good as the Boose but with less volume it is quite acceptabl
 I had bought one of these five years ago when I was in the States and am still happily using it at home. Unbelievably durable for a mouse pad heavily used for hours everyday for five full years. Fed up with giveaway mouse pads sliding with my hand movements, I was searching for something decent to use in the office and amazingly found the exact same item. It is a good example that how little things make a big difference
 I bought this Ipod 4G to replace my 2G one that got stolen and chose more memory as the 2G got filled up too quickly. Can say that this is probably the best size in terms of memory. Otherwise, as usual with Macs, very easy to use, even for low-tech people like myself, beautiful design, small and light, not too fragile, just great on the go
 Just what I expected - good quality, convenient and holds lots of musi
 I researched cases upon receipt of my 20 GB iPod and deemed this the best.  This case consists of a thin plastic sleeve inside a separate clear, hard shell.  The hard case protects the iPod from scratches and minor falls while still allowing easy access to the controls and inputs.  It also does not obscure the screen.  An enclosed plastic belt clip attaches to the back of the unit.  This case is not compatible with a Bose Sounddock as the user must remove the iPod from the case.  Also, Contour Design only enclosed one of the thin plastic sleeves.  I spent $5 at their website for 5 more sleeves and gave some to friends with the same case.  The price seems high for a couple pieces of plastic but a case is essential and this is the best one for the 20 GB iPod. 
 It's great if you have High Speed enabled devices.  It's very fast a 2GB is sufficient for almost purpose
 I've had this controller for over a year now, and it still works great and reliably as ever.  After many months, the analog sticks occasionally drifted a little, but a quick jiggle and they'd be back to center.  I've had this controller for over a year now, and it still works great and reliably as ever.  After many months, the analog sticks occasionally drifted a little, but a quick jiggle and they'd be back to center.  The profiler software is excellent, allowing you to fully map the controller to your keyboard and even mouse.  This allows you to play any game with the controller, even ones which don't naturally support gamepads like Splinter Cell.  With the "shift" profile function, you can effectively double the number of buttons which I found great for playing a complicated flight sim like X-Wing Alliance, completely keyboard free, using only the gamepad.The profiler software is excellent, allowing you to fully map the controller to your keyboard and even mouse.  This allows you to play any game with the controller, even ones which don't naturally support gamepads like Splinter Cell.  With the "shift" profile function, you can effectively double the number of buttons which I found great for playing a complicated flight sim like X-Wing Alliance, completely keyboard free, using only the gamepad.Only downside: The D-pad is hard to control precisely.  It's difficult to press only Up, Down, Left or Right.  You almost always end up pressing a diagonal direction instead.  This made the D-pad more or less unusable for games like Street Fighter, but then the analog stick was a perfect alternative anyway
 First, I should say that I'm surprised at how sharp and clear the image is.  The display card at CompUSA said this monitor has a 1000:1 contrast ratio, and I'm not sure what that means, but it definately seems to translate to a crystal clear picture.  The contrast ratio is higher than most other flat-panels I looked at, which have a contrast ratio of around 500:1 to 700:1 (including Samsung's own 20.1" non-widescreen model).  Everything is crystal-clear, which makes it easy on the eyes and good for watching movies.  It is also good for gaming - Half-life 2 and Unreal Tournament 2004, for example, both look great.First, I should say that I'm surprised at how sharp and clear the image is.  The display card at CompUSA said this monitor has a 1000:1 contrast ratio, and I'm not sure what that means, but it definately seems to translate to a crystal clear picture.  The contrast ratio is higher than most other flat-panels I looked at, which have a contrast ratio of around 500:1 to 700:1 (including Samsung's own 20.1" non-widescreen model).  Everything is crystal-clear, which makes it easy on the eyes and good for watching movies.  It is also good for gaming - Half-life 2 and Unreal Tournament 2004, for example, both look great.Its wide-screen resolution of 1680x1050 is more than decent for most tasks.  It also has a feature that lets you change the aspect ratio to 4:3 (which makes a square picture centered on the screen), so if you have any games or other applications that don't support widescreen modes, you can use 4:3 mode so that the picture doesn't look stretched and distorted.  Plus, the monitor has DVI, analog VGA, S-Video, and RCA inputs (which would allow you to plug in a DVD player if you want).  The monitor can also rotate 90 degrees, and it has built-in speakers and a headphone jack.Its wide-screen resolution of 1680x1050 is more than decent for most tasks.  It also has a feature that lets you change the aspect ratio to 4:3 (which makes a square picture centered on the screen), so if you have any games or other applications that don't support widescreen modes, you can use 4:3 mode so that the picture doesn't look stretched and distorted.  Plus, the monitor has DVI, analog VGA, S-Video, and RCA inputs (which would allow you to plug in a DVD player if you want).  The monitor can also rotate 90 degrees, and it has built-in speakers and a headphone jack.Being a flat-panel display, it is also lightweight and compact, which is ideal for areas where space is limited.  This is my first flat-panel display, and I was surprised at how lightweight it really is.Being a flat-panel display, it is also lightweight and compact, which is ideal for areas where space is limited.  This is my first flat-panel display, and I was surprised at how lightweight it really is.All of these features, especially the sharp image, make this a great monitor, and it is worth the money
 constips extremely easy on carpet and if you have a lot of cds stacked at the toptips extremely easy on carpet and if you have a lot of cds stacked at the toppoorly designed, it is a vertical cd rack that doesnt have individual slots for cds, so if you want a cd from the bottom of a stack you have basically pull the whole stack to get to itpoorly designed, it is a vertical cd rack that doesnt have individual slots for cds, so if you want a cd from the bottom of a stack you have basically pull the whole stack to get to itputting it together was a pain, the one i bought i had to break a piece of metal just to fit it in its guide holes.putting it together was a pain, the one i bought i had to break a piece of metal just to fit it in its guide holes.again..poorly designed... doesnt even fit cds that well, there are gaps, and the cd casses are loose fittingagain..poorly designed... doesnt even fit cds that well, there are gaps, and the cd casses are loose fittingpros..........i guess it can hold a lot of cds....
 It's a nice look, but it tips over very easily. It is not steady on a rug surface dispite what the picture on the box shows. My advice is if you need a CD rack that holds a lot of CD's? Save your money and invest in something nicer and more sturdy
 I have bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective, and finally I just gave up on returning the system. The DVD player constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors and skips if there is even the slightest smudge on a disc. The sound quality is very nice for the price, but since the player doesn't work, it's essentially useless. This is a complete rip-off at any price point
 I knew these were inexpensive CD cases, but I can't even open one without it breaking into two pieces..
 I used a 25 pack of these doing DVD backups, and the last 5 or so failed. I thought it was my software, so I got new software. Guess what? My first disc out of the new package of 25 that I bought failed, too.  It's not my burner (as another reviewer suggested, implying that people should learn to read), as it's brand new and doesn't require the firmware upgrade they mention. They just suck and have a high failure rate.  So the consensus seems to be that TDK or Sony are best. I'm buying some now and save myself the frustration
 I bought these discs at CompUSA because I needed a few before I got the ones I ordered online. Well, I just wated a good 25 bucks because out of 5 discs, I got one that burned good. Not much bang for the buck. I have burned many discs but never Memorex, usually Verbatim or Ridata or MAM. Very disgruntled with these discs making coasters. Maybe my burners don't like them but whatever the case, I won't buy them ever again. I thought Memorex made good products
 The DVDs I burned successfully showed the movies in excellent quality. The only problem is that for every 3 good burns I get one bad one. I'm using the Plextor DVD burner (love it!!), but I'm going to try my luck with a different DVD brand. The failure rate for Memorex is unacceptable. It's less the cost that bothers me, but more the time wasted on burning coasters
 I hope it's live because if it's memorex, it's crap!  that's my latest opinion after using this product.  I have a LiteOn SOHW-802S and it hates Memorex.  I rarely get a decent burn.  More often than not I'll discover while watching my movies just how horrid the quality it.  My movies will skip, stutter, or stop all together.  So disappointing!  Unfortunately I found out too late that Memorex uses CMC media, which only has a 0-50% success rate!  [...
 While I read the reviews on this machine, it is clear to me that Lexar has some serious quality-control problems. For some people it worked, for others it was a miserable failure. I am in the latter group. Sigh.While I read the reviews on this machine, it is clear to me that Lexar has some serious quality-control problems. For some people it worked, for others it was a miserable failure. I am in the latter group. Sigh.Mine was dead on arrival. I tried the device with *BOTH* of my Windows-XP machines and in both cases, it was unrecognized. Lexar tech support subsequently proved to be a contradiction in terms as they would not return my email requests for help
 i knew the cash back offer sounded too good to be true...and sure enough they rejected my upcs (i kept copies) only have hounding them and contacting the better business bureau did they say 'whoops a mistake' i have a fleeting suspicion this was intentional
 Please don't expect to get the cash back from this purchase as promised!  To date, I've been denied twice.  The second time they said the U P C number was invalid. Only, it's the original U P C barcode!  I was meticulous filing the paperwork, yet they state, "All required products were not submitted."  Meanwhile, I have phoned AMAZ0N to lodge a formal complaint.Please don't expect to get the cash back from this purchase as promised!  To date, I've been denied twice.  The second time they said the U P C number was invalid. Only, it's the original U P C barcode!  I was meticulous filing the paperwork, yet they state, "All required products were not submitted."  Meanwhile, I have phoned AMAZ0N to lodge a formal complaint.The product itself is average.  I've used better and worse.  That said, it's definitely not worth the full asking price
 No free lunch & you get what you pay for...is that the verdict on this product?No free lunch & you get what you pay for...is that the verdict on this product?Well, the poor rating given by those who have purchased this product has discouraged me from buying it.  I need disc binders and the Case Logic brand, while being the original, is pricey.  Low cost alternatives are needed, but not at the expense of quality and TCO (total cost of ownership).  But the flap about poor customer service (rebates) and poor quality (zippers and sleeve binding) is enough to give me pause.....  So, if someone from Xtreme's management is paying attention....fix it or be content to lose business.  Price isn't everything to everyone in the markt for your product..
 I have a collection of over 1500 disks so I have bought many cd/dvd cases over the years and this brand is the worst quality on any that I have purchased.  I would avoid this brand.I have a collection of over 1500 disks so I have bought many cd/dvd cases over the years and this brand is the worst quality on any that I have purchased.  I would avoid this brand.[...
 Bought this a month ago for use with my DX4330 kodak 3MP digital camera. It worked for 2 days.After that, everytime I on the camera, it wanted me to reformat the card,WTH is that?Now I can't use it at all....I'm always so confidence with my previous purchases from Amazon.One mistake I made,I threw away the shipping and product packages once I tested out the card, thought It worked and It would be OK.I can no longer return it now.Needless to say,I'm too over confident with LEXAR's products.Buyers beware...
 I purchased this game pad due to good reviews.Found it online for $15 with free shipping so had to try myself.Its true its built well and pretty comfortable in the hand.The programming software is alright as well, not as nice asthe Nostromo n50/52 software for example.the Nostromo n50/52 software for example.But what i didnt like about it was much more relavant.Firstly there is a toggle lock shift button.This button is easy to press by accident and since it is nota momentary button you have to go back and press it off agian.Interupting game play.Interupting game play.Also buttons 7 and 8 are not paddles but rather thumb, and quite far from normal thumb use. I had a hard time using those buttons quickly.Also buttons 7 and 8 are not paddles but rather thumb, and quite far from normal thumb use. I had a hard time using those buttons quickly.Also the toggle and digital buttons cant be mapped for other uses so your limited to 8 total buttons rather than 10.Also the toggle and digital buttons cant be mapped for other uses so your limited to 8 total buttons rather than 10.And finally, for some reason there was no way to invoke fight in NHL06, i couldnt live with that so i had to ship it back, and ill soon go with the logitech
 I've only got this thing to work for about 3 hours and that is not in a row.  I've spent hours with this product on several machines and I can now say the hardware sucks. 
 I purchased dvd express and it never worked. I spent endless time with tech support. The old story about, "It must be your computer." did not fly either, my machine is a media type and it far exceeds the system requirements advertised by ADS. I exchanged the item and it was supposedly checked out before I got it. Same problems. Tech support told me I was the only person having trouble with this product. They need to check out a few websites that review products there are hundreds of bad reviews very few good ones. My only mistake was not reading them before I wasted my time and money. ADS also told me it would not work with Ulead's Movie Factory 3, some of the software it came bundled with, but that was Uleads problem. I should use Cap Wiz ( Their program ) DUH!!! Guess what, it did not work with their program either. Ulead said they had several complaints with ADS's product. Their final solution hold on to the product and maybe they will have a new version of cap wiz and that might work. Save yourself time money and aggravation buy another product! P.S. Since ADS doesn't consider the product defective they will not refund your money or allow you trade it in for an upgrade. I don't think they want a product like that either. The only reason I gave one star is.....it was packed well.JU
 This SD would not work in my  Nikon  Coolpix S6 camera (but the Fuji and Sandisk product did
    Just purchased 3 units , thought they would work as well as the Novi units they were replacing however they have absolutely no range . My original Novi 2 channel units worked well from a distance of approx 110 ft from house to barn , these only work in the same room... I am attempting to return these currently.
 I bought four of these and returned them immediately. Two were dead out of the box. A third had horrible sound.I bought four of these and returned them immediately. Two were dead out of the box. A third had horrible sound.After searching the internet and reading a variety of reviews for similar products I finally settled on the 900 Megahertz Wireless Intercom from Radio Shack. (43-3102)After searching the internet and reading a variety of reviews for similar products I finally settled on the 900 Megahertz Wireless Intercom from Radio Shack. (43-3102)Beautiful sound. Well made and about half the price of the Reporter. Pretty much the same featues but it only claims a range of 300 feet as opposed to 1000 feet. So if you need more than 300 feet for range it's something to consider. Better warranty than the Reporter as well and for 8 bucks you can extend that warrarnty for another year.Beautiful sound. Well made and about half the price of the Reporter. Pretty much the same featues but it only claims a range of 300 feet as opposed to 1000 feet. So if you need more than 300 feet for range it's something to consider. Better warranty than the Reporter as well and for 8 bucks you can extend that warrarnty for another year.Anyway I couldn't be happier with the RS intercom. I just can't recommend the Reporters given that 3 out of 4 units that arrived were faulty
 When I purchased these batteries, I was very pleased, but that wore off after a couple of months. I don't use my camera all that often, but when I do, I expect ther batteries to have some charge. I recharge them per instructions, and they do not hold a charge any longer.I know Monster makes good products, but I am a little disappointed in this one
 I got this from JnR . This unit powers up but the computer fails to detect it. I tried this on multiple computers. MAy be this was just a lemon. I will exchange it to a better brand
 This bookstand, despite the description, is not suitable for heavy books. If you put heavy books on this, the stand that props up the whole unit is likely to snap off.
 Its made of flimsy plastic, and all the parts snap on. I'm afraid to put a heavy book on there, because I'm sure the parts will just snap off
 In the ten minutes since I've had it out of the box two pieces have fallen off.  More importantly, It can't handle large manuals as advertised.  (The reason I purchased this particular book holder)  My 1000 page manual only fits if you happen to only want to read the middle chapter.  Based on that I estimate that this is a totally worthless product to anyone needing to go through a manual or training book more than five or six hundred pages.  If you don't anticipate needing it for a book that big then just glue the rubber feet on, keep an eye on the page retainers (these are the parts that fell off) and you should be ok.  As for me, I'm off to read Amazon's return policy and see if I can get rid of this useless hunk of plastic
 I had to send this item back because it stopped playing cds. The sound quality was good, but the dependability of this item is questionable.
 I purchased this memory card for a camera I was also purchasing. It was listed as an accessory to the camera on the same page. When I received the card first and then the camera, I was disappointed that the card was the wrong shape and size for the camera and would not fit. Because I had opened the plastic package to the card, I was unable to return it. In fact, when I emailed the company who sent it, I never even received a response.
 I am the type of person that ALWAYS buys the extra warranty on whatever I purchase.  However, I started reading the reviews on this company and many people reported that it was four weeks and counting and they still hadn't received their refund check.  I was astonished.  I contacted N.E.W. myself and asked them about this.  With no shame or embarrassment on the part of the customer service reps, I was informed that if I did everything by email, it would take AT LEAST 15 business days (that's three weeks!) to receive my refund check AFTER I sent them the warrantied item.  If I had them send me a pre-paid label for the defective item instead of using my own printer, it would take a week for me to receive and at least a week for them to receive the covered item.  In other words, it would take no less than four weeks to receive the replacement check and possibly up to eight weeks!  I cancelled the contract immediately.  It is just not worth it when you really do the math to purchase this contract.  I would recommend buying a product from a company that first makes a quality product and then back it up with a good warranty and gives good customer service such as Grado, Sennheiser or Koss.  But stay away from these people; that's my feeling and my advice. 
 DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT. There, simple advice I wish someone had given me before I bought two of these. With the first one the battery died 13 months after purchase. Since it was 30 days outside the warrantly, apple support told me "sorry, tough luck." I made the mistake of buying another one figuring I just got a bad one and there was no way I could have the same problem again. WRONG!DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT. There, simple advice I wish someone had given me before I bought two of these. With the first one the battery died 13 months after purchase. Since it was 30 days outside the warrantly, apple support told me "sorry, tough luck." I made the mistake of buying another one figuring I just got a bad one and there was no way I could have the same problem again. WRONG!Second ipod just died (same battery problem) - this one died within the warranty period but becuase it took me two weeks to get into the ipod store to see what was wrong and, of course, by the time I got in I was past the 12 month warranty period (who keeps track of the purchase date? I sure didn't).Second ipod just died (same battery problem) - this one died within the warranty period but becuase it took me two weeks to get into the ipod store to see what was wrong and, of course, by the time I got in I was past the 12 month warranty period (who keeps track of the purchase date? I sure didn't).Other than the fact that your substnatial investment will be worthless in about a year - it is a fantastic product. I'm just sorry that it didn't last (twice!) cause otherwise I'd be a fan
 About three years ago, maybe four, I bought two Lexar CFII cards. One never worked, the other worked, but lost all data. I wrote to Lexar, that I had two bad cards, they sent me one new card of the same size. I gave that to my girlfriend & told her to only use it on pix she didn't care about losing. I still have my card, in a ziplock. None of the file removal programs will get the images off, & I've used all of them, & had their (file removal) tech help give up.About three years ago, maybe four, I bought two Lexar CFII cards. One never worked, the other worked, but lost all data. I wrote to Lexar, that I had two bad cards, they sent me one new card of the same size. I gave that to my girlfriend & told her to only use it on pix she didn't care about losing. I still have my card, in a ziplock. None of the file removal programs will get the images off, & I've used all of them, & had their (file removal) tech help give up.In this day & age of "just make the item" I am upset. But you take your chances. Do you want the only picture of your great grand-mother lost because you used a Lexar? I wouldn't, I use an actual sandisk card, myself.In this day & age of "just make the item" I am upset. But you take your chances. Do you want the only picture of your great grand-mother lost because you used a Lexar? I wouldn't, I use an actual sandisk card, myself.If they ever (Lexar) made it right, I may have written a better review, but they haven't. So that tells me that they don't care.If they ever (Lexar) made it right, I may have written a better review, but they haven't. So that tells me that they don't care.How important are your pictures to you?How important are your pictures to you?How important are your pictures to you?Frederic
 Most people buy a UPS, plug it in and never test it to make sure it works. I tested this device a number of times to make sure the software would at least shutdown the computer after an outage. I set it to shutdown Windows after 1 minute. Only the computer and a few small phone accessories are attached to it. Most people buy a UPS, plug it in and never test it to make sure it works. I tested this device a number of times to make sure the software would at least shutdown the computer after an outage. I set it to shutdown Windows after 1 minute. Only the computer and a few small phone accessories are attached to it. After power was cut, it held the computer up and allowed it to shut down. Then I restored power to the UPS. AFter about 30 seconds, it beeped, clicked, and temporarily DROPPED power to the computer while it was rebooting! So when it switches back from battery power it causes power to be interrupted. That is unacceptable. A UPS should never drop power to the attached devices after power is restored to it.
 If you have a cable modem for broadband connection to the internet, your unit will not be covered by the APS warranty on this device. Lightning hit near our house and the motherboard plus router got fried. The cable modem stayed intact and we filed a claim with APS. They denied it saying backend surges through the cable may have caused the damage (even though the modem wasn't hurt?)
 I am still awaiting resolution of a problem I have with these drives. In writing DVDs I get verification errors. This proboem arises if the drives are used in an external firewire enclosure. The drive works fine if internal in your computer attached to the IDE bus, but there is an issue if attached to your computer by firewire
 also import a cd , money down the drai
 The drive arrived at the end of December, was quick to get up and running, and worked fine until yesterday.  Then it got the machine equivalent of "lockjaw" and I've been unable to get the tray to release.The drive arrived at the end of December, was quick to get up and running, and worked fine until yesterday.  Then it got the machine equivalent of "lockjaw" and I've been unable to get the tray to release.So, it's a good drive while it operates, but I'll probably make sure I pay for at least a 1-year warranty on my next purchase.So, it's a good drive while it operates, but I'll probably make sure I pay for at least a 1-year warranty on my next purchase.As far as my recommendation goes, it depends very much on how inconvenient it is when one's drive fails.  Yesterday, I just went to a backup burner and kept working; if I had NEEDED to get the job done, and I had not previously developed a strategy of always keeping a backup device handy, I'd have been in a seething, hair-pulling rage.  Computer hardware is never 100% reliable, but is it worth the risk to purchase a device that is known to fail in less than a year
 I never even traveled with it. It just stopped working completely making me lose data.I never even traveled with it. It just stopped working completely making me lose data.NEVER AGAIN I'll buy anything from this company. This drive is a piece of rubbish!
 got it at walmart can't even remove a scuff. i give it -100 good thing i could return it
 i've given it 2 stars instead of 0 because after i used this CD, the sound from my system did seem to be a little better (the CD's were not skipping as much).  but the bottom line is it didn't fix the problem as the CDs are still skipping noticeably, although not as bad as before.  ... not sure if this has anything to do with the fact that my set has a 6-disk CD changer
 The is perhaps the lease durable item I have purchased in 40 years. It lights up just fine, and it is a reassuring led gold, but it refuses to do anything with my xd card. It worked just fine for 3-4 days, then erased about 100 photos, all of them irreplaceable. Cheap yes, but Cheap Junk.
 Great looking keyboard. Unfortunately all it takes is one minor spill and the keyboard is destroyed. That includes cleaning. And don't think you are ever going to take it apart and dry it. The keyboard self destructs after you have the, count them, 10s and 10s of screws.Great looking keyboard. Unfortunately all it takes is one minor spill and the keyboard is destroyed. That includes cleaning. And don't think you are ever going to take it apart and dry it. The keyboard self destructs after you have the, count them, 10s and 10s of screws.I called their customer support. They weren't like DELL, nobody is that bad, but their resolution was to buy a new one from them for 50% off their retail price. shipping was extra. So you save maybe $10 off street prices.I called their customer support. They weren't like DELL, nobody is that bad, but their resolution was to buy a new one from them for 50% off their retail price. shipping was extra. So you save maybe $10 off street prices.All-in-all they are no longer the good company they were in the past. They need competition. So I'm pulling out my old logitech from retirement. Too bad they don't make those old keyboards anylonger
 I ordered this item after reading the positive reviews here. BIG MISTAKE. Upon setting everything up, it all worked great for about two hours... then the dreaded "UNPLUG/PROTECT" screen came up. Now it won't turn on but for a few moments before returning to protect mode. (and no, it's not a short in the wires or overheating... it protects even when stone cold, and with no speakers plugged in) I called sony and they say it is a short in the box. So now my two options are to unhook everything, repack EXACTLY the way it came to me and reship back to the online store I bought it from (with enormous hastle and expense) or take the receiver in to a sony authorized service center (which happens to be across town, and only open monday-friday, 9-5pm. So much for being convenient). This thing is brand new and already needs repairs!!I ordered this item after reading the positive reviews here. BIG MISTAKE. Upon setting everything up, it all worked great for about two hours... then the dreaded "UNPLUG/PROTECT" screen came up. Now it won't turn on but for a few moments before returning to protect mode. (and no, it's not a short in the wires or overheating... it protects even when stone cold, and with no speakers plugged in) I called sony and they say it is a short in the box. So now my two options are to unhook everything, repack EXACTLY the way it came to me and reship back to the online store I bought it from (with enormous hastle and expense) or take the receiver in to a sony authorized service center (which happens to be across town, and only open monday-friday, 9-5pm. So much for being convenient). This thing is brand new and already needs repairs!!On top of that, even out of the box, NONE of the video inputs worked. Audio was fine, but video was dead as a doornail, right from the start.On top of that, even out of the box, NONE of the video inputs worked. Audio was fine, but video was dead as a doornail, right from the start.And even on top of the fact that this machine CAME broken... it sucks even when it works right! The DVDs take forever to load, and it comes with HDMI out, but NO HDMI IN! So if you're an HDMI user, I hope you have multiple HDMI inputs on your television... one for your cable box, one for this crappy system.And even on top of the fact that this machine CAME broken... it sucks even when it works right! The DVDs take forever to load, and it comes with HDMI out, but NO HDMI IN! So if you're an HDMI user, I hope you have multiple HDMI inputs on your television... one for your cable box, one for this crappy system.This is a piece of junk. For the love of god, don't waste your money
 Why would you want this item? Amazon is charging $50 MORE on this item than the 2nd Generation Shuffle! And, according to what I have read, THIS Shuffle isn't very derable. It doesn't even last a year! I don't know about you, but I'LL get a 2nd Generation Shuffle
 One day it just stopped working. I got the dreaded "orange and green flashing lights of death"... the contents of the File space were un-recoverable... and I ended up just pitching it after extensive attempts to revive it.One day it just stopped working. I got the dreaded "orange and green flashing lights of death"... the contents of the File space were un-recoverable... and I ended up just pitching it after extensive attempts to revive it.Apparently this is yet another one of the bad products that Apple likes to keep hush-hush
 My shuffle suffered the blinking green-orange lights so I took it into the Apple store. A salesman took 15 minutes to figure out that he couldn't do anything, and said I would have to sign up for a appointment at the "Genius" bar. At that appointment, the "genius" said he couldn't fix it, and because he said he didn't know anything about engineering he couldn't say whether the shuffle was not working because of a software or a hardware problem or both. Apparently being an Apple "genius" doesn't involve understanding how things work, though it does appear to require having a trendy haircut. The 'genius" then offered a $10 discount on the purchase of a new shuffle - but couldn't answer the question of why anyone would want to waste money on such a poorly designed thing.My shuffle suffered the blinking green-orange lights so I took it into the Apple store. A salesman took 15 minutes to figure out that he couldn't do anything, and said I would have to sign up for a appointment at the "Genius" bar. At that appointment, the "genius" said he couldn't fix it, and because he said he didn't know anything about engineering he couldn't say whether the shuffle was not working because of a software or a hardware problem or both. Apparently being an Apple "genius" doesn't involve understanding how things work, though it does appear to require having a trendy haircut. The 'genius" then offered a $10 discount on the purchase of a new shuffle - but couldn't answer the question of why anyone would want to waste money on such a poorly designed thing.Perhaps it should be retitled the "idiot bar.
 The extendable arm breaks very easily.  I had two of them and they both broke within the first month.  The company does have a 3 month warranty but you have to pay for shipping to send it back to them and I have been waiting over a month for my replacement.  Very poor product.  Do not buy
 I'm the consumer of SanDisk USB flash drives. I have used couple of sandisk flash drives (i.e. 512MB Mini, 256MB Mini) before I bought this product. I'm the consumer of SanDisk USB flash drives. I have used couple of sandisk flash drives (i.e. 512MB Mini, 256MB Mini) before I bought this product. Performance wise this particular product is not doing good. It's taking long time to copy files from my computers. Even it's taking long time to delete files from this disk. So I returned to Amazon and looking for Mini products from SanDisk.Performance wise this particular product is not doing good. It's taking long time to copy files from my computers. Even it's taking long time to delete files from this disk. So I returned to Amazon and looking for Mini products from SanDisk.I doubt all the Micro products which is having capacity more than 512MB. Now I'm planning to buy 512MB or 1GB SanDisk Mini USB flash drive.  I doubt all the Micro products which is having capacity more than 512MB. Now I'm planning to buy 512MB or 1GB SanDisk Mini USB flash drive.  Better buy some good one than wasting your time on this product
 These disks would not work with my Sony brand DVD writer. I have tried several other brands and so far everything works but Memorex.
 To back up my personal DVD collection I burned 200 discs.  100 on these Memorex DVD+R's, 100 on Philips DVD+R's.  EVERY Memorex had flaws during playback.  EVERY Philips was flawless.  I've been buying Memorex for years but I'll never buy Memorex again
 Overall the recorder worked OK. A moderate inconvenience was that once in a while the recorded DVDs could not be finalized for unexplained reasons.However, that is irrelevant now. A few weeks ago, the unit stop working. I does not turn on at all. What a waist! It is out of warranty now
 Here is the original review of this machine I wrote on June 17, 2006:Here is the original review of this machine I wrote on June 17, 2006:We bought this machine just over a year ago (a year and two weeks, to be specific).  We had another very similar Panasonic DVD recorder (DMR-E55) in a different room and wanted to be able to record and watch DVD-RAMs on both.  For a long time, the ES10S recorder worked fine.  Recently, though, it has begun making noises when starting up and shutting down, and now it occasionally has problems reading the disks, ejecting them, and even playing them.  At first we thought this might be because we'd recorded over the DVD-RAMs so many times.  But today we tested one of them in the other machine, which has never made any similar noises, and the E55 had no problems with it.  Needless to say, we're not happy that the ES10S seems to be dying, especially since the 1-year warranty just ended.  If you buy or own this machine, follow up on any strange noises as soon as you hear them if you're within the warranty period, because the noises and problems just get worse.  Panasonic is usually a reliable brand, one we've used for many years, but this machine seems to be a lemon.  We're actually going to write to Panasonic about it--I'll try to post again with the results.We bought this machine just over a year ago (a year and two weeks, to be specific).  We had another very similar Panasonic DVD recorder (DMR-E55) in a different room and wanted to be able to record and watch DVD-RAMs on both.  For a long time, the ES10S recorder worked fine.  Recently, though, it has begun making noises when starting up and shutting down, and now it occasionally has problems reading the disks, ejecting them, and even playing them.  At first we thought this might be because we'd recorded over the DVD-RAMs so many times.  But today we tested one of them in the other machine, which has never made any similar noises, and the E55 had no problems with it.  Needless to say, we're not happy that the ES10S seems to be dying, especially since the 1-year warranty just ended.  If you buy or own this machine, follow up on any strange noises as soon as you hear them if you're within the warranty period, because the noises and problems just get worse.  Panasonic is usually a reliable brand, one we've used for many years, but this machine seems to be a lemon.  We're actually going to write to Panasonic about it--I'll try to post again with the results.Here is my update, which I wrote November 3:Here is my update, which I wrote November 3:This is a follow-up review to the one above, which I wrote on June 17. I wrote to Panasonic after my machine had stopped working just after the warranty ended. They sent me a nice letter authorizing a free repair, including labor, of the machine at one of three places they listed. The places were all within a half-hour drive of my home. After doing some research, I chose one and brought in the machine. They fixed it by replacing "the entire internal mechanism" (I don't know what that means). We got the machine back from the repair shop near the end of July; it's now the beginning of November. The fixed machine worked fine for a while, but in the past few weeks, we've been hearing the same old noises that were the beginning of the end for it before. I'm going to try writing to Panasonic again and asking for a refund, because this machine really seems to have something fundamentally wrong with it. It's still working, but I know from the last time with these noises and efforts to read the disks that soon it won't. Avoid this machine. Again, the previous Panasonic model (DMR-E55) we bought hasn't had any of these difficulties and continues to work great. We're still big Panasonic fans, but this particular model is a lemon.This is a follow-up review to the one above, which I wrote on June 17. I wrote to Panasonic after my machine had stopped working just after the warranty ended. They sent me a nice letter authorizing a free repair, including labor, of the machine at one of three places they listed. The places were all within a half-hour drive of my home. After doing some research, I chose one and brought in the machine. They fixed it by replacing "the entire internal mechanism" (I don't know what that means). We got the machine back from the repair shop near the end of July; it's now the beginning of November. The fixed machine worked fine for a while, but in the past few weeks, we've been hearing the same old noises that were the beginning of the end for it before. I'm going to try writing to Panasonic again and asking for a refund, because this machine really seems to have something fundamentally wrong with it. It's still working, but I know from the last time with these noises and efforts to read the disks that soon it won't. Avoid this machine. Again, the previous Panasonic model (DMR-E55) we bought hasn't had any of these difficulties and continues to work great. We're still big Panasonic fans, but this particular model is a lemon.
 I would only recommend this product if you need something that only lasts six months.  There is a reason the warranty is only 90 days.  The performance (sound quality) steadily declines over time.  The ihome worked great when it was new, but it won't play songs from the ipod anymore, and the radio is a static box
 So when I first got the iHome for Christmas, I loved it. Well, I loved it in spite of the glaring bright light, that even at its lowest setting has to be blocked for me to get to sleep. However, after awhile the iHome will not register my iPods existence at all. Today I was able to enjoy thirty seconds of a song before it fell into disgrace again. I would not recommend this product if you want something that lasts. This device has become nothing more than a nuisance that won't even pick up radio stations. So, the alarm can only be set to a vaguely annoying beep when these functions are disabled. Useless
 We have had ours for almost a year - it still works great, but there is one big problem - the display is a white/violet bright light.  Great for visibility of the clock when you need it, but unfortunately, even when it's on the lowest setting, it lights up our whole room!  My husband sleeps through it fine, but I need a dark room to fall asleep and I always have to throw a sweater or towel over it.  We finally gave it up and switched back to our old clock radio
 I like the features.  I'm satisfied with the sound.  The user interface could be more intuitive.I like the features.  I'm satisfied with the sound.  The user interface could be more intuitive.HOWEVER, my overriding complaint is that the docking port (as many other reviewers have mentioned) is not reliable.  The connection is poorly constructed, so just walking by the table on which it sits is often enough to make it think the iPod isn't there any more.  If they could fix this quality problem, it would be well worth the $100, but since it is very hard to get it to recognize the connection reliably you just can't justify it at any price
 I mistakenly believed the hype that this thing would PROTECT my computer from BEING KILLED, but instead, this thing has KILLED my computer FOR THE SECOND TIME IN 4 DAYS, EMITTING AN UN-STOPPABLE(i.e., CAN'T TURN THE FEATURE OFF) SHRIEK ALARM. How do smart, talented people idiotically convince themselves that a home product should have an ear-piercing shriek-alarm that can't be defeated / silenced? In addition to doing far, far more damage than it can ever prevent, ask yourself -- do you want this un-stoppable ear-piercing shriek alarm going off in your house at 2a.m.? I BOUGHT ONE APC PRODUCT, AND SO FAR, THEY'RE 100% DEFECTIVE AND 100% DELITERIOUS TO THE USE OF MY COMPUTER & IT'S A MATTER OF TIME BEFORE IT'S DELITERIOUS TO MY SLEEP.
 Let's be honest.This product ain't cheap. It's not something you can just throw away if it decides to stop working. I bought mine at cpenusa.com. Delivery was great, only took them a couple of days. However, my c-pen cable was damaged. The connector to the c-pen was, for some reason, cut in half. Without it, you can't recharge or connect the c-pen to the pc.I called their main office all the way in Sweden during the office hours. NO RESPONSE. I sent three e-mails to cpenusa. NO RESPONSE.I don't care if the product itself is great(I'll never know now, will I..). If you're unable to receive support when you need 'em, you're screwed. If you're just interested in electronic equipments, just want to try things out and don't really care if you're on your own, go ahead and try it. Let me know how this thing really is. Otherwise, buy a product that you can trust on with respect to after-sales support
 I have been charged however I did not get a copy of the policy to date.
 I bought this item like 2 months ago, and now it's broken. I'm sooo frustrated. I bought this item like 2 months ago, and now it's broken. I'm sooo frustrated. I 'd not recommend buying this item
 This was a great mouse for about the first year I owned. After one year is when all of the problems started.  The mouse now loses connection sproadically and sometimes it doesn't want to connect at all.  I have changed the battery quite a few times and that doesn't seem to help.  It is very tempremental, and I have now given up and am shopping for a replacement.This was a great mouse for about the first year I owned. After one year is when all of the problems started.  The mouse now loses connection sproadically and sometimes it doesn't want to connect at all.  I have changed the battery quite a few times and that doesn't seem to help.  It is very tempremental, and I have now given up and am shopping for a replacement.So, a word to the wise - in my experience the mouse will work great for a while, just be prepared to replace it in a year or so
 This is a good product - sounds great, gets good battery life, everything you'd hope for in an iPod dock.  But it has one major flaw.  The iPod docking port is really flimsy, and has no structural support aside from the actual electronics themselves.  After a little bit of use, the connection between the iPod and the dock deteriorated to the point that the volume fluctuated up and down, and sometimes the sound cuts out all together.This is a good product - sounds great, gets good battery life, everything you'd hope for in an iPod dock.  But it has one major flaw.  The iPod docking port is really flimsy, and has no structural support aside from the actual electronics themselves.  After a little bit of use, the connection between the iPod and the dock deteriorated to the point that the volume fluctuated up and down, and sometimes the sound cuts out all together.If they added some kind of simple support so that bumping the iPod wouldn't stress the electronics, I'd give this thing 5 stars.  But without that, it simply breaks quickly, and no longer performs its only job - to sound good.
 This is a poorly designed remote. I have six devices connected to my HD television set. The software depends on the user assigning positions to the various inputs to the TV and, in my case, routinely activated the wrong device when I used the remote. I purchased a Logistics Harmony remote and it works perfectly. At this point the only thing that I use the remote for is to remotely turn on my satellite receiver at a certain time during the day to record to Replay TV (which cannot turn the TV on and off).
 With a full charge it does not last more than 10min, could not take more than more 15 pics in my camera Canon Pro1. The original battery works well more than 250 pics on each charge. Initially I thought this problem was because it was new battery but after several cycles it does not work at all. I'll try to get a refund and check their customer service too
 I am disappointed in this product.I was suppose to write to you from the weekend.My two rear speakers just stop working, and also myremote control. I have replace the batteries, but stilldoes not work.I don't have any other rear speakers to try on the system.Pleasy me what to do.Pleasy me what to do.Thank youEpiphane Flaviu
 One out of every 4 discs would fail on me when I'd burn to this media at 4x. Slowing down the burn to 2x didn't help either! I own a Sony DRU500A with the latest firmware. Memorex isn't on their compatibility list. Lesson learned: check the compatibility list BEFORE buying
 I've got a LITE-ON DVDRW SOHW-1673S burner (Revision JS02) in my fast G4 Mac running OS X Tiger and burning with Toast Titanium 7. Although my burner is nominally 16X-capable, it only burns at about 6X in my setup, probably due to the slow (ATA 33) bus it's on.   I've used a number of different brands of 8X and 16X disks, both +R and -R, and have had a verification failure rate of less than 2% -- so few, in fact, that I often don't bother verifying video DVD's anymore when burning TDK or Maxell discs. (I always verify data DVD's, since errors in those are not ignorable.) But with Memorex, I've gotten about 20% failures, including a couple of aborted burns! In one case, the disc had a blank band between two burned ones!   The Memorex discs I'm referring to have Manufacturer ID "CMC MAG, AM3". According to videohelp.com, these are sold under at least 7 different brand names. The reviews there are rather mixed, which is not IMHO good enough!   I have not, BTW, have had any problems with the Memorex DVD+R discs I've tried. But I stopped using them because one of my players won't recognize the +R format
 I did the research on this product and it was one of the best. I don't know that to be true due to the fact that the software that they sent me was a demo version that was outdated for use. I have to buy another software package to opperate the product that had stated in the description that the software was included. One if not the only reason I had purchased it. I e-mailed tiger.com and received no reply. If your going to sell something false advertisement is not the way
 This model was intended as a replacement for my not-very-old and yet quite functional Panasonic PM-series stereo.  This is the kind of thing that happens when you browse Amazon while drunk late at night.  This model was intended as a replacement for my not-very-old and yet quite functional Panasonic PM-series stereo.  This is the kind of thing that happens when you browse Amazon while drunk late at night.  Unfortunately, with the exception of a very slight advantage in audio quality, the Sony is in all respects inferior; ergonomics, appearance, and above all, FM reception, which is laughably poor.  Do not buy this stereo if you expect a quality receiver.  Hiss abounds, several local stations I heard previously are now unreachable, and to top it off, Sony has stuck with their time-honored habit of using proprietary connectors, so when I went to plug in an after-market antenna to get better reception, I found a weird little plug that I hadn't noticed when I put the damned thing together.  Grrr.  So now I'm going to sell this thing and buy a nice new Panasonic with the proceeds.  Death to Sony
 I have owned five of these UPS units over the past four years. I purchased three for my Mac and PC at home. Then I had to purchase two replacements for units that simply quit. Currently only ONE still works! I have very infrequent power outages, perhaps three in the past four years. These units work well to allow you to save your work and shut down. My G5 mac was so power hungry that I had to use one for the computer and another for the 23 inch LCD.  I can't comment on other UPS brands such as Belkin,  but I have seen many competing brands on the web and at the computer stores. There seen to be quite a few dealers selling refurbished APC products but this may be a reflection of APC's popularity rather than the poor reliability of their brand. My experience over the past four years has been mixed. These are not inexpensive units and you have to decide how precious your data becomes. If you really fear the loss of data during a blackout then the answer is clear. I chose to switch to high quality surge suppressors and never work during potential storms. Many users do not have that flexibility so a UPS is essential insurance. The units I puchased were identical and only one unit is still operational after four years. I can accept the need to replace the battery every one to two years; three of the batteries failed and alarms beeped until I bought new batteries. Prices vary from $15 to $50 depending on the vendor. Battery life depends on many factors so I don't begrudge APC for wear and tear on the battery but to have 4 out of 5 units simply stop working is unacceptable. I bought APC branded batteries and can't explain why the recurrent failures. I'm frustated with my APC products but it may be a problem with this model. Just beware of the hidden costs of battery replacement when purchasing an UPS
 While the silicon used in the construction of the sleeve is very nice (feels grippy but not sticky if you know what I mean), some of the features are just wrong.  For instance, the opening for the hold switch on top was apparently cut wrong and does not line up with the switch at all - requiring you to have to push the cover around so you can flip the hold on or off.  Also, for whatever reason, the edge of the sleeve is right at the headphone jack which causes it to be somewhat difficult to keep some headphones seated during use (the sleeve can work its way in and pop the jack out).  The armband is satisfactory at best - it's just a standard, no frills, velcro armband
 I was tempted by the cheap price and got myself a 10 pack. They are rated at 2000 mAh, but run out of juice after the digital camera has shot maybe 5 frames. My 2 year old Panasonic 1600 mAh in contrast can run the same camera for over a 100 shots. I tried these batteries in my MP3 player - and even there, it won't supply enough juice after an hr worth of playback. It is not that the battery does not hold any charge - that it has. But it just does not supply the peak current required by most digital devices. It seems to be all right for use in a flashlight. A set of batteries that will not power a camera will power a flashlight (a bit dimly) for hours (yeah - I tested it). For the test, I had  charged the panasonics and the lenmars for the same duration (it is not a charger issue).I plan to complain to the state consumer affairs department regarding this brand and hope action is taken against shady products which are nothing but rip-offs.One last tip - nowadays, the best NiMH batteries are made by Sanyo. It is better to pay 2 - 4 times for them than for a Lenmar. Trust me
 This product is not for the heavy handed after 2 weeks of use one of the slots was non functional because spring leaf to hold the card against the contacts some how managed to get bent into the path of the card, and seeing that the slot is for a flash card it is almost impossible to get any tool to fit to do any 'repairs'.on the bright side it did work with the stated flash types
 This GPS comes with US map on the SD card and Canada map on the included CD but never the twain shall meet.This GPS comes with US map on the SD card and Canada map on the included CD but never the twain shall meet.By car I'm a few hours from Canada and several days from the eastern US but I can't swap out the faraway eastern US part of the map on the TomTom Go 300 for a nearby Canadian map.  It's either all Canada or all contiguous US.  This is a major functional flaw if you live near the US/Canada border or live further away and like to take cross-border trips.By car I'm a few hours from Canada and several days from the eastern US but I can't swap out the faraway eastern US part of the map on the TomTom Go 300 for a nearby Canadian map.  It's either all Canada or all contiguous US.  This is a major functional flaw if you live near the US/Canada border or live further away and like to take cross-border trips.Oh, and if you do decide to swap out the US map, be sure to save it on your computer first - TomTom doesn't bother to provide a backup on the CD so if you don't first make your own backup before changing to the Canadian map you can't later get the US map back
 The Tomtom has great features.  But I returned mine.  First, the maps are very dated.  This makes it iffy at best.  It has terrific potential, if it worked.  You can use a PDA stylus on the map sitting at home outside on batteries to plan a trip.  It's amazing.  But I wanted to plan a 600 mile trip myself using it's internal maps and waypoints.  But I tried a local test first.  I used roads as waypoints, main roads.  This way I can force the Tomtom to use MY routes.  I did not like it's choices, since it is a dated map database.  I set up a local route, and started to follow it.  It took me to the first road/waypoint no problem.  But it would not go past the first waypoint.  I would go down the road (first waypoint) then it would tell me to take a u turn!.  I did.  Then it said take another u turn.  It had me going in circles.  Perhaps it's not made to use roads as waypoints, but all indications it gave were that it would.  The manual was no help.  Support was no help.  So it went back.  I have ordered a Garmin i2.  Hope this is ok.  I have taken the same trip from SE FL USA to SC USA with a Garmin C330.  The Garmin has maps that you cannot update, but got me to my destination no problem.The Tomtom has great features.  But I returned mine.  First, the maps are very dated.  This makes it iffy at best.  It has terrific potential, if it worked.  You can use a PDA stylus on the map sitting at home outside on batteries to plan a trip.  It's amazing.  But I wanted to plan a 600 mile trip myself using it's internal maps and waypoints.  But I tried a local test first.  I used roads as waypoints, main roads.  This way I can force the Tomtom to use MY routes.  I did not like it's choices, since it is a dated map database.  I set up a local route, and started to follow it.  It took me to the first road/waypoint no problem.  But it would not go past the first waypoint.  I would go down the road (first waypoint) then it would tell me to take a u turn!.  I did.  Then it said take another u turn.  It had me going in circles.  Perhaps it's not made to use roads as waypoints, but all indications it gave were that it would.  The manual was no help.  Support was no help.  So it went back.  I have ordered a Garmin i2.  Hope this is ok.  I have taken the same trip from SE FL USA to SC USA with a Garmin C330.  The Garmin has maps that you cannot update, but got me to my destination no problem.I don't recommend this TomTom.  Do research.  Go to manufactures websites and look at unit manuals.I don't recommend this TomTom.  Do research.  Go to manufactures websites and look at unit manuals.Hope this helps
 i have so for used inav iguidance,mapopolis,navigon navigator 5 and The Blue Logger & Street Atlas USA .out of all these The Blue Logger & Street Atlas USA is the worst and inav iguidance 2.1.1 is the best  .blue logger gps hardware is good but v impractical to use bcuz of its strange onoff button....i will not recommend it to anyone....simply waste of time and mone
 This is a complete waste of money for a number of reasons.This is a complete waste of money for a number of reasons.1. This hub will not work with any USB powered devices. So forget being able to charge your phone or running an unpowered external disk through this hub.1. This hub will not work with any USB powered devices. So forget being able to charge your phone or running an unpowered external disk through this hub.2. Extremely slow USB 1.1. This device is NOT USB 2.0 compliant2. Extremely slow USB 1.1. This device is NOT USB 2.0 compliant3. It is clunky3. It is clunky4. Does not comke with a power adapte
 I have owned this little hub for at least a year. I have an older PC which came without USB, so I added a PCI adapter. I soon realized that I needed more ports, and more convenience, than the two now located in the backplane of the PC on the floor.I have owned this little hub for at least a year. I have an older PC which came without USB, so I added a PCI adapter. I soon realized that I needed more ports, and more convenience, than the two now located in the backplane of the PC on the floor.I shopped around, and this item looked appropriate. As for the short cord, I solved that issue by getting a USB extension cord at the same time. Besides solving the immediate problem, this approach gave me the option of moving the hub to my laptop at some point, and using the extension cord for some other purpose.I shopped around, and this item looked appropriate. As for the short cord, I solved that issue by getting a USB extension cord at the same time. Besides solving the immediate problem, this approach gave me the option of moving the hub to my laptop at some point, and using the extension cord for some other purpose.For a long time it did exactly what it was supposed to do. I attached an external hard drive through it. I used it for a compact flash card reader, and a digital camera. I connected an inkjet printer. Everything worked, once the drivers were installed and everything was set up correctly. (This was all with Windows 98 SE.)For a long time it did exactly what it was supposed to do. I attached an external hard drive through it. I used it for a compact flash card reader, and a digital camera. I connected an inkjet printer. Everything worked, once the drivers were installed and everything was set up correctly. (This was all with Windows 98 SE.)But after a while, things started getting less reliable. The system would tell me that various "drives" (on the flash card reader, or the external hard drive) were not available. Or the digital camera would not stay connected to its software. And the printer even started disappearing.But after a while, things started getting less reliable. The system would tell me that various "drives" (on the flash card reader, or the external hard drive) were not available. Or the digital camera would not stay connected to its software. And the printer even started disappearing.Playing with the cables and connectors would sometimes bring devices back to life, and eventually I deduced that there was something wrong either with the connectors themselves being too loose, or with wiring inside the device. Either way, it has finally become a big problem, and I am shopping for a replacement.Playing with the cables and connectors would sometimes bring devices back to life, and eventually I deduced that there was something wrong either with the connectors themselves being too loose, or with wiring inside the device. Either way, it has finally become a big problem, and I am shopping for a replacement.Most of the devices I connected were self-powered, that is, they did not need to draw power from the hub or the PCI channel at all. The hard drive, camera, and printer were all powered by batteries or AC adapters of their own. And the flash card reader, which did draw power from the hub, used to work fine. It does not matter what combination of devices I try, sooner or later the connection goes bad.Most of the devices I connected were self-powered, that is, they did not need to draw power from the hub or the PCI channel at all. The hard drive, camera, and printer were all powered by batteries or AC adapters of their own. And the flash card reader, which did draw power from the hub, used to work fine. It does not matter what combination of devices I try, sooner or later the connection goes bad.It is of course possible that there's something wrong in the PC -- but that would not explain why things are improved by messing with the connectors or the hub itself. So I have to recommend against buying it. I suspect it is discontinued and that this advice won't be necessary for much longer, but I want to prevent somebody from the bother I've been through, just in case
 This Amazon listing also suggests buying the Soundsticks along with Airport Express.If you're thinking of connecting them to the USB port of Express, Apple says it won't work.(Apple Airport Express FAQs
 Install went smooth on my W2K/dell inspiron notebook. Everything worked fine for 24 hours then it just stopped. Worked with customer support for about an hour getting nowhere. This thing is junk. I'm sending it back
 From looking at the D-Link website and talking to five tech support staff, it appears that there are countless versions of this card, each with different driver software. The one I got came with a CD with the wrong drivers. With tech support, I finally found the 8 mb driver file I was supposed to download. However, they did not provide any instructions on how to install the new driver. The normal "automatic" approach did not work. And their instructions did not match the screens I was getting on Windows XP SP 2.So I called back again. And again. And again. Despite being given a case file, each time I was asked the same questions, including what, exactly, is wrong. And each time I was told to do the same thing: Install from the CD. Reboot. Remove the program. Reboot. Install from the new driver. Reboot. Remove the program. Talk to a senior tech support person.Install from CD. Reboot. etc.It would have been easier to send the card with the right files on the CD. A clearly designed website would be second best. And tech support that knows what they're doing and speaks intelligble English would be a nice last resort. I spent three hours calling D-Link technical support and speaking to five people, and they could not tell me how to install the software for this card!I am not alone in this experience; see cnet's web site user reviews of the DWL-G650. Another reviewer reports that this software damaged his operating system. I believe he is right. It appears to have damaged my screen font for Windows message boxes. I have been unable to repair it. The DWL-G650 is bad news.I give them two stars cause they actually have tech support, though in this case it was utterly worthless. Back it goes
 I would like to believe that this hub works well- but I wouldn't know.  I bought it to reduce clutter on my desk from all my devices hooking into my powermac.  I hooked up my printer, ipod and digital camera and nothing happened.  I called Targus and they said I needed an a/c adaptor.  It doesn't come with one and doesn't say anything about one in the manual or instructions, or their website.  They said I could get it at radio shack and gave me the info (5 volt, 2.1 amp, center positive).  I've been to two radio shacks and online- they don't carry it.  I'm upset.  Any advice
 I have read all 181 reviews and decided that half the reviewers did not get the model that I did.I have read all 181 reviews and decided that half the reviewers did not get the model that I did.Or else they wrote their review too soon.Or else they wrote their review too soon.I bought mine in June 2006.  It failed before the store warranty ran out.  One down.  The replacement lasted a month or two before it hung and wouldn't boot.  Two down.  Sandisk honored their 1 year warranty with a prompt free RMA.  That one also failed.  Three down.  They replaced it with both a m230 AND a 2GB c150.  The c150 hung after about 2 weeks.  Four down.  I have been using the m230 for two weeks now and hope it lasts until the c150 replacement arrives.  I have gotten quite good at the RMA game and intend to keep playing it either until my warranty runs out or I get one of those that other people rave about.I bought mine in June 2006.  It failed before the store warranty ran out.  One down.  The replacement lasted a month or two before it hung and wouldn't boot.  Two down.  Sandisk honored their 1 year warranty with a prompt free RMA.  That one also failed.  Three down.  They replaced it with both a m230 AND a 2GB c150.  The c150 hung after about 2 weeks.  Four down.  I have been using the m230 for two weeks now and hope it lasts until the c150 replacement arrives.  I have gotten quite good at the RMA game and intend to keep playing it either until my warranty runs out or I get one of those that other people rave about.I don't think I'll buy another SanDisk - unless it is free and has a lifetime warranty.I don't think I'll buy another SanDisk - unless it is free and has a lifetime warranty.I suggest that everyone with a failed m230 to exercise thier warranty rights.  Sandisk needs to know the true reliability of their products.I suggest that everyone with a failed m230 to exercise thier warranty rights.  Sandisk needs to know the true reliability of their products.
 We have been unsuccessful with this e-reader attachment since we purchased it. Cards read once and never again. Doesn't matter if we use the GB SP or Advance. Still doesn't do anything. Don't recommend you waste your money
 I just cam from Las Vegas and the sandisk has a disk error that doesn't allow for more photos after only using 40mb. I have tried to format the disk using the camera and through Windows XP. It doesn't allow it to be formatted. Bad investment!!! Would not recommend the product unless there is a way I can get a refund or an exchange
 The second disc in this package was faulty, which I did not discover until I spent two hours recording a movie.  There was what appeared to be a half inch bare spot on the outer edge of the dvd+r.  Not what I expected from Memorex which purports to be the best.I have switched to Maxell
 Replaced first spindle and still junk. Will always stick with Verbatim from now on
 I bought this same brand of discs sometime last year on this very site. I was very pleased with the purchase then. I didn't have one problem with the discs. I bought this same brand of discs sometime last year on this very site. I was very pleased with the purchase then. I didn't have one problem with the discs. I bought another pack recently and I've been using the pack I just bought. All of the discs are messing up for me. I can understand having a few problematic discs but this is insane to have a whole pack of discs and every single one of them messes up for you. I wish I could send these discs back and get a refund. This purchase has scared me away from anything else related to Memorex. I thought Memorex was a very reliable brand and they would make sure they were sending out top notch items to consumers. I guess I was wrong. And apparently you get what you pay for. Don't be fooled by the good price. You'll just be out of your money and stuck with discs that wouldn't even be worth using as a frisbee. Find another brand to use and avoid this brand
 Was a little hard putting it together.  You have to be very careful taking the cds out or it would fall apart.  I am not happy with this product
 I have the older, larger version of this product. However, it uses the same software. The labels are great and the spring device that is used to apply the labels is great, but the software is awful. There is no direct Macintosh program; rather there are templates. They were written for old versions of software and really don't work right. The Windows side includes an actual Print Shop-style program which works awfully. If you do get this, make your own template on AppleWorks or PowerPoint
 They totally misrepresent this product. It does not work with Macs. I feel cheated and lied to by Memorex, shame on you
 After serveral months of use, "Card Error" was shown on my Canon Digital Rebel for my 512MB Viking card, which was half full with pictures. Fortunately, I just lost a few of pictures.  I tried to format the file; "Card Error" kept occuring on my Rebel.  This 512MB Viking card is now used for my data files.  After serveral months of use, "Card Error" was shown on my Canon Digital Rebel for my 512MB Viking card, which was half full with pictures. Fortunately, I just lost a few of pictures.  I tried to format the file; "Card Error" kept occuring on my Rebel.  This 512MB Viking card is now used for my data files.  Probably, 512MB Viking cards are not designed for high Mega Pixel camera and taking many shots in a short period of time (i.e. 3 shots/sec.).  My Canon A40 has no problems when used with the 512MB Viking card so far.  Probably, I am going to buy a 512MB card from Sandisk or Simple Tech
 I purchased this and am not impressed.  Note that "works with all click wheel iPods" isn't true.  It does NOT work with photo iPods (at least the 60 GB model). I'm on vacation and had to remove the cover to get it to fit.  I'm ordering a 'photo dock' since I can't see any way to get a cover that is made for the 60GB/photo model.I purchased this and am not impressed.  Note that "works with all click wheel iPods" isn't true.  It does NOT work with photo iPods (at least the 60 GB model). I'm on vacation and had to remove the cover to get it to fit.  I'm ordering a 'photo dock' since I can't see any way to get a cover that is made for the 60GB/photo model.If I'd known this, I'd purchased only the stereo cable and the photo dock separately, since I already have a charger (came with it...).  Grr.  :-
 Heres a new one....I have recently bought two spindles of these discs, and my computer (Imac w/ Intel chip-hardly outdated) simply doesnt recognize them-like I never put in a disc at all.  The kicker is that this spring, I also ordered two spindles of these discs (exactly the same as far as I can tell), from which I burned one hundred discs (not a single faulty one!) for a freind overseas.  I have no idea what the deal is, but have a feeling that the issue is not the quality of the discs.  Anyone got ideas?
 The card works as advertised but SanDisk does not send in Mail-in-Rebate. Even though I mailed it in with the UPC Barcode, SanDisk sent me a post card stating that I needed to resubmit it with the barcode. How can I resubmit when they already have the barcode?The card works as advertised but SanDisk does not send in Mail-in-Rebate. Even though I mailed it in with the UPC Barcode, SanDisk sent me a post card stating that I needed to resubmit it with the barcode. How can I resubmit when they already have the barcode?In my experience with SanDisk, I got rebate back on one of two cards that I submitted - so you get mail-in rebate 50% of the time with SanDisk. I think mail-in-rebate is a big hoax perpetrated by these companies. Don't trust it!
 I purchased 2 sets of these earphones for a 2 hour flight. My husband and I both used them, and we both took them out of our ears after 20 minutes. They were great at first, but after 20 minutes they really started to hurt our ears. The inside of my ears were so sore I couldn't even adjust the earphones when they started coming out, that's how bad my ears hurt. I had the foam pad over them too, and it made no difference. I would not recommend these
 This was the worst purchase of any type of computer hardware that I have ever made. It felt very light and flimsy, the definition of cheap plastic. Not just the construction but the performance was terrible. It would work perfectly for about a half hour and then go on a break and do NOTHING for about 10 minutes. This was very very frustrating. Maybe I was just unlucky and received a defective one, but I wouldn't take that chance again.This was the worst purchase of any type of computer hardware that I have ever made. It felt very light and flimsy, the definition of cheap plastic. Not just the construction but the performance was terrible. It would work perfectly for about a half hour and then go on a break and do NOTHING for about 10 minutes. This was very very frustrating. Maybe I was just unlucky and received a defective one, but I wouldn't take that chance again.I wish I could give this device a worse rating, somewhere around -4 would be much more appropriate.
 In each pack there have been several dvd's that aren't any good.  Too many bad discs in my opinio
 I bought the ADS upconverter because I bought a HDTV only to find out that my cable co. didn't offer HDTV and after 3 failed attempts to switch to a satellite provider that did offer HDTV (too many trees around my house).  I wasn't expecting the upconverter to magically turn my standard signals into an amazing HDTV picture, but for $550+ I was expecting the upconverter to do something that was actually noticable.  When I first turned in on I asked my wife to look at the picture and tell me what she thought.  She looked at the TV and said okay I'm ready turn it on.  I said &quot;it IS ON!!&quot; This is pretty much the reaction I had also when I looked at it.  The image I got for my digital cable was certianly different, but that's all it was, different.  It was NOT noticably better.  In fact, in some instances I though the picture was worse.  I called ADS tech support and they kept insisting I try it with my DVD because that is what the product is best for (even though that's not what I got it for).  So I did and to be honest I really preferred the picture I got directly from my DVD over the picture I got after running it thru the upconverter.  It didn't matter what display format I put it in it just didn't do anything to improve the picture.  Save your money.  If you can't get HDTV don't expect this box to give you anything close to the next best thing
 I was impressed with the charger for about 1 month---than it stopped charging the NiMh batteries it came with.  I took it back to Best Buy only to find that ALL of the Rapid Chargers on thier shelf did not work either.  A sales person and I tested them all, hoping I would be able to exchange my broken one with one that worked.I was impressed with the charger for about 1 month---than it stopped charging the NiMh batteries it came with.  I took it back to Best Buy only to find that ALL of the Rapid Chargers on thier shelf did not work either.  A sales person and I tested them all, hoping I would be able to exchange my broken one with one that worked.It was more disappointing  after calling Kodak ---they were unable to replace it or get my money back.  I thought purchasing a Kodak was a smart decision, however, they did not stand behind their product which was very disappointing. 
 I did not read the prior reviews, I bought this item &amp; loaded the software that came with it in the sealed box from Target.com.   The MFG SOFTWARE disc contains TWO VIRUSES one in Quicktime &amp; the other in Totally Hip files.  Target has been notified that the software is CORUPT with viruses &amp; that the MFG has gone out of business.  This item is only useful as a drawing tablet thru other software programs like paint shop pro as there is no WEB SITE ACCESS or tech support available for this item
 I just recently bought this and when I installed it Norton caught 2 viruses on the install CD.
 I purchased this item and was excited to get them, but burning my first DVDs.. they're all coasters! ARG.. pass Memorex and go for a more expensive media, like Verbatim
 As far as I can tell this thing doesn't work at all.  I have now tried it on 3 cds and it did not repair any of them.  I should have just replaced the cds
 How do I assign a rating? As several other people have experienced, my unit is also DOA. I received it, plugged it in, pressed 'clean', and the motor started up. I popped open the cover, put in the disc I wanted cleaned, and pressed 'clean' again. Nothing. Terrible quality control.How do I assign a rating? As several other people have experienced, my unit is also DOA. I received it, plugged it in, pressed 'clean', and the motor started up. I popped open the cover, put in the disc I wanted cleaned, and pressed 'clean' again. Nothing. Terrible quality control.What's worse is the unit case is glued together -- no way to open it up to try to fix the electronics inside without mutilating it and voiding warranty
 It didn't work properly from the time it came out of the box.  The carousel wouldn't make a complete rotation, so CDs and DVDs would  get 'trapped' inside the unit.  And occasionally, it would simply refuse to play a DVD altogether.  Panasonic has directed us to a local repair shop, so maybe they can get it to function as it should.  If you do purchase one, please read the warranty carefully;  a defective unit will either have to be repaired or replaced with a refurbished one.  Panasonic informed me that they do not replace malfunctioning units with new ones, under any circumstances. 
 BAD DISC ERROR - possible fixBAD DISC ERROR - possible fixAfter about 8 months just like the other reviewer it stopped working.After about 8 months just like the other reviewer it stopped working.I kept getting bad disc error on a new DVD I bought. I tried good discs that worked before but now got the same Bad Disc error.I kept getting bad disc error on a new DVD I bought. I tried good discs that worked before but now got the same Bad Disc error.This is not the first time I had problems loading. Previously, unplugging and plugging it in again sometimes corrected the problem.This is not the first time I had problems loading. Previously, unplugging and plugging it in again sometimes corrected the problem.This time after two weeks of Bad Disc errors, I was about to toss it when I decided what the heck, I'll check inside to see if it's dirty or something.This time after two weeks of Bad Disc errors, I was about to toss it when I decided what the heck, I'll check inside to see if it's dirty or something.FIRST I UNPLUGGED THE UNIT.FIRST I UNPLUGGED THE UNIT.I removed the 6 screws holding the cover. You may have to pull the sides out a bit if it catches to lift it off.I removed the 6 screws holding the cover. You may have to pull the sides out a bit if it catches to lift it off.With my expertise knowledge. *eyeroll* I nudged the lense mechanism. It apparently slides to read the discs.With my expertise knowledge. *eyeroll* I nudged the lense mechanism. It apparently slides to read the discs.I plugged the DVD in and loaded a disc again to see what happens. The lense slid under the tray and started reading the disc. I'll take the elation of dumb luck over the satisfaction calculated knowledge any day! lolI plugged the DVD in and loaded a disc again to see what happens. The lense slid under the tray and started reading the disc. I'll take the elation of dumb luck over the satisfaction calculated knowledge any day! lolSo hopefully this will last a little longer. But at least I can use it again for now ...So hopefully this will last a little longer. But at least I can use it again for now ...I am downrating it to 2 stars solely on the bad disc error. The viewing quality and performance is decent and covered by other reviewers
 Hi! I bought my Cyberhome 300 in April 2006, and was able to set the region code to "0" to watch all DVD's. After not using the DVD Player for a few weeks (and unplugging it), the region code has automatically set back to "1" and I cannot change it anymore! What happened?? When I try to change it now I can only choose between the settings "1" and "-". Anyone who has the same problem? Thank yo
 This item worked for a while, but required fiddling (unplugging and replugging repeatedly) with the lighter socket each time I restarted my car.  Eventually, however, it blew out the fuses in both my lighter sockets.  Don't waste your money on this piece of crap
 The product not only did not work but blew out fuses in my car.  The mechanic who checked my car out said the device had a dead short in it.  I have written to your customer service department and asked for money back but to no avail.  I will not purchase another thing from Amazon until my money is refunded
 This unit failed to provide reliable power to my new Toshiba Satellite A60 laptop. It cycled on and off every 3 seconds. It powered a 100 watt lamp okay, but wouldn't start a 250 watt heat lamp at all. Product spec sheet says it can supply 400 watt surge and 200 watts for 2 min., and is rated at 140 watts continuous. My laptop power supply is rated at 2A input at 100-240 VAC, and if it drew 2A constantly I agree that it would need 200 to 230 watts, which exceeds the continuous rating of this inverter. However, even at that power demand the inverter should run it for 1-2 min., but only manages 3 sec.  In addition, I doubt that the laptop power supply actually draws a full 2.0 amps continuously. I talked to Linksys support, and they suggested returning the unit for replacement or refund, so I did. It did not work for me. Maybe it would work for a laptop that only needs 100 watts, but I wouldn't recommend it for more than that
 I didn't notice any change in the operation of my cd writer after cleaning.  The cleaner was supposed to play music while it cleaned (30 minutes)  It didn't
 When I first started using this, I loved it.  It worked fine in my car cassette deck and had decent sound.  In fact, I bought a second one for my wife.  Then, after about two weeks, it stopped working.  It would no longer play in my cassette deck, which ejected it as soon as I put it in every time.  I tried contacting Coby's support on the Web, but they were unresponsive.  Luckily, Amazon took it back for a refund.  Note that they no longer sell these directly.  Bet they had too many returns..
 When this adapter first arrived, I thought it was great. The sound quality was excellent, and free of all the distortion and interference I get from using an FM transmitter-style adapter (there are few open frequencies in the SF Bay Area). The first day, I used it for about 20 minutes total (didn't have far to drive), and it worked great. The second day I had a bit farther to drive. After about 30 minutes, it quit. Hasn't worked again since.When this adapter first arrived, I thought it was great. The sound quality was excellent, and free of all the distortion and interference I get from using an FM transmitter-style adapter (there are few open frequencies in the SF Bay Area). The first day, I used it for about 20 minutes total (didn't have far to drive), and it worked great. The second day I had a bit farther to drive. After about 30 minutes, it quit. Hasn't worked again since.I didn't expect it to last forever, but less than an hour?I didn't expect it to last forever, but less than an hour?Yes, it has a 1 year warranty: just send the unit back with a money order ($6) to cover the return postage. Of course, then you're spending more in postage than you originally spent for the unit..
 This DVD player does play all types of DVDs no matter how you burn it.  But like other reviews, it stopped working after 3-6 months.  In my case, it was 3 months.  It just doesn't turn on anymore.  I unplugged everything and replugged it but it just went dead.  I don't watch DVDs much, so it's not like I overused it. Go with another model.  This one has problems.  I thought mines would be the exception, but I guess not.  And now I can't return it because it's been over 30 days. 
 The Panasonic CD player has a good sound quality, but does not automatically change from one CD to the next. It requires manual switching via the remote control to change from one CD to another. This feature was not explicitly stated in the specifications, and is misleading to a buyer who is seeking continuous playing of all five CD's
 I've had the X2 for roughly 14 months. The X2 was used for watching movies (about once every 2 weeks) and big sports event (NCAA/NFL finals.. etc). The unit worked up to about 1200 hrs, then the lamp blew. I was hoping to get to at least 1500 hrs before the lamp went out. I've had the X2 for roughly 14 months. The X2 was used for watching movies (about once every 2 weeks) and big sports event (NCAA/NFL finals.. etc). The unit worked up to about 1200 hrs, then the lamp blew. I was hoping to get to at least 1500 hrs before the lamp went out. Good picture quality for the price (799) but short lamp life (get extended warranty). Check other units first
 I had this card for more than 6 months, and It worked super in my Canon Powershot A510. Transfers went well too. Then all of a sudden for no reason I kept getting "card error" on my computer and digital camera a week ago. My SD/USB converter couldn't find the card either. I had really good photos I wanted to transfer to my computer and now they are probably lost for good. What a joke
 I found that these DVD-Rs did not work well in my system, were unreliable and slow.  I cannot recommend them
 I have tried these dvdrs with the burner i bought from amazon and  they do not work, i will try them again and send an email to you.  I bought a few imation to try in the burner to ensure it wasnt faulty and they worked!!! what is up with these dvds?
 I plugged my Nano into this charger for about 10 minutes and picked it up to check it out - it almost burnt my hand. My Nano is now Toast! I hope it just toasted the battery and not the whole device
 I liked this when I first got it... very cheap, handy to travel with or leave at work, etc. After a couple months, it died completely... the little power light wouldn't even come on. I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.
 I purchased this wireless card based on the price, figuring that even if it didn't live up to the good reviews here, I would only be out ~$20.  The set up was easy and smooth, but the card won't stay connected to my wireless network.  I've got a Belkin wireless router.  The Trendnet signal meter generally shows ~95% signal strength, but the connection only lasts for a few minutes, and I have to keep cycling the connection to regain network access--very annoying.  I know there's nothing wrong with the network because my laptop's connection is stable.  I purchased a D-Link card, and it has worked flawlessly.  Unfortunately, I threw away the packaging when the Trendnet card arrived; if I hadn't, then this card would be on its way back to Amazon now.  Like the title of my review says: you get what you pay for . . . 
 I have many Linksys devices and this is by far the worst one. I love Linksys stuff, which is why eveything that i own involving networking is linksis. But this thing is a piece of crap and now i cant recover the 60 gigs of personal pictures that were on my hardrive because of this things format. Spend a little more money and get a dedicated Network Attached Storage hard drive
 My company supplies these cordless headsets to its employees so I have alot of experience using headsets.  This is the latest upgrade and it is the worst unit I have ever used.  It works great for about 3 or 4 months on average.  After that, the voice unit stops working.  I can hear others speaking to me but no one can hear me.  I have gone through 4 of these units in 13 months and the longest lived unit lasted &lt; 5 months.  One broke after &lt; 2 months.  Other colleagues have complained about the same thing happening with their units.  After the experiences I have had with this piece of junk, I would never buy anything from Plantronics with my own money.  Avoid this rubbish
 I'm a cartoonist. I need to be able to print color images for clients. I bought this printer two years ago from Staples, for $2500! Worked great for a couple months, after which the toner cartridges started leaking and the print quality rapidly dimished.I'm a cartoonist. I need to be able to print color images for clients. I bought this printer two years ago from Staples, for $2500! Worked great for a couple months, after which the toner cartridges started leaking and the print quality rapidly dimished.DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER!DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER!I'm reluctant to buy anything else from HP, knowing that how it performs on the sales floor can be markedly different from how it will perform after a couple months of light use
 We've had this printer at my office for about 2 1/2 years. It's a giant waste of money. Magenta cartridges spew toner everywhere. Cyan cartridges streak. It's even worse when you use the manual feed. HP has no answers because they deny all the issues. HP's support is lackluster at best anyway. The first time when this machine was under warranty it took me three weeks worth of phone calls to get anything accomplished with them. Stay away from this printer at all costs. If you own one it makes a nice doorstop or paperweight. This is totally unacceptable considering toner and printer costs. I expect more from a product with the HP brand stamped on the box. To bad you can't give 0 stars
 Obviously HP has a design flaw on the magenta cartridges. I have also experienced leakage from only the magenta (why only this one?
 Powder from the toner cartridges get all over the inside of the printer and then ruins every page that is printed.  Every page that is printed from my printer has a greyish color due to the powder dirt inside.  It is impossible to clean it since the powder is everywhere.  The only way to get it clean would be to bring it to a car wash (obviously this would leave the printer with bigger problems than page color).  What a waste of money!!!  Good thing my office bought it and not me or I would be furious
 We travel quite a bit, both business and pleasure, domestic and international... so the idea of a pocket wireless router was a God send.  We bought this one at the beginning of our annual leave (aka tour the US in a month).  We'd heard good things about the D-Link but with the rebates, this one was practically free.... there was a reason it's always on sale.  It took forever to set up.  The old firmware is buggy, the new firmware is difficult and touchy to install.  The router itself does not seem to be compatible with most personal cable/DSL modems.  Out of the eight houses we were in, it would only work with one, although it appeared to connect with several others.  It did work with the Ethernet connection of about 70% of the hotels... but that's not a great average.  It also gets very very hot and than will quit working until it cools down again.  Frustrating.After the first week we went out and got the pocket D-Link.. excellent- plug it in and it works EVERYWHERE: personal homes, questionable modems, hotels, etc... we have used it from Alabama to Bangkok and everywhere in between.  It's also about half the size of the Netgear.  Save the hassle and get it first.... also a tip, pick up a little usb wi-fi adaptor with your router.  You will find that many people without a wireless router already, will only have a desktop, and you will need to make it "wireless" as you will be connecting their modem to your router.
 I hoping to use the WGR101 to provide wireless, encrypted access to two laptops from a wired ethernet connection in a hotel. It worked fine in single-user, no encryption mode but that is not what I needed. I experienced severe problems trying to use it in single user mode with WEP or in multi-user mode with and without WEP. One or both laptops would lose the ability to connect to the internet at seemingly random intervals. Sometimes cycling the laptop wireless radio would restablish the connection, sometimes I had to reboot the laptops, sometimes I had to reboot the WGR101, and sometimes I had to reboot the laptops and the WGR101. Stay away from this product unless single user, unencrypted access is what you need
 My Sangean DT200V pocket radio failed after 2.5 years of infrequent use.  I kept it in a padded pocket of my briefcase where it experienced no significant shocks or temperature extremes.  It worked perfectly on the few occasions when I used it over the 2.5 year period, until yesterday.  The buttons, switches, and display still work perfectly, but only very faint white noise can be heard, whether via speaker or via earphone.  The volumn of the faint white noise is not significantly affected by the volumn control.  The batteries are new, and there is no corrosion from the previous batteries. 
 My Sangean DT200V pocket radio failed after 2.5 years of infrequent use.  I kept it in a padded pocket of my briefcase where it experienced no significant shocks or temperature extremes.  It worked perfectly on the few occasions when I used it over the 2.5 year period, until yesterday.  The buttons, switches, and display still work perfectly, but only very faint white noise can be heard, whether via speaker or via earphone.  The volumn of the faint white noise is not significantly affected by the volumn control.  The batteries are new, and there is no corrosion from the previous batteries. My Sangean DT200V pocket radio failed after 2.5 years of infrequent use.  I kept it in a padded pocket of my briefcase where it experienced no significant shocks or temperature extremes.  It worked perfectly on the few occasions when I used it over the 2.5 year period, until yesterday.  The buttons, switches, and display still work perfectly, but only very faint white noise can be heard, whether via speaker or via earphone.  The volumn of the faint white noise is not significantly affected by the volumn control.  The batteries are new, and there is no corrosion from the previous batteries. My Sangean DT200V pocket radio failed after 2.5 years of infrequent use.  I kept it in a padded pocket of my briefcase where it experienced no significant shocks or temperature extremes.  It worked perfectly on the few occasions when I used it over the 2.5 year period, until yesterday.  The buttons, switches, and display still work perfectly, but only very faint white noise can be heard, whether via speaker or via earphone.  The volumn of the faint white noise is not significantly affected by the volumn control.  The batteries are new, and there is no corrosion from the previous batteries. Perhaps I got a lemon, but I feel wary of buying another DT200V for 2 reasons:Perhaps I got a lemon, but I feel wary of buying another DT200V for 2 reasons:Perhaps I got a lemon, but I feel wary of buying another DT200V for 2 reasons:1.  From the day I got it, the power button was so sensitive that a tiny waft of air (no kidding) would turn it off (or back on) at whim.  Right in the middle of a song, or talk, this shortly became maddening.1.  From the day I got it, the power button was so sensitive that a tiny waft of air (no kidding) would turn it off (or back on) at whim.  Right in the middle of a song, or talk, this shortly became maddening.Since this is unacceptable for a $50-range radio; and since I didn't want to spend as much money mailing it to and fro as it was worth, instead of sending it back -(OH looking back, how I should have!)- I opened it up myself, and had to physically shave down the plastic underside of the on/off button where it touched the internal power switch.  As I couldn't conversely move the guts further from the button, this was the only solution.Since this is unacceptable for a $50-range radio; and since I didn't want to spend as much money mailing it to and fro as it was worth, instead of sending it back -(OH looking back, how I should have!)- I opened it up myself, and had to physically shave down the plastic underside of the on/off button where it touched the internal power switch.  As I couldn't conversely move the guts further from the button, this was the only solution.Thankfully this worked, and the on/off button did not give me further problems after this.Thankfully this worked, and the on/off button did not give me further problems after this.Thankfully this worked, and the on/off button did not give me further problems after this.Thankfully this worked, and the on/off button did not give me further problems after this.Thankfully this worked, and the on/off button did not give me further problems after this.However,However,2.  Not many weeks or months of use in, the radio developed this habit of shorting out or something to where my pre-set stations just scanned as blank 'fuzz' (no station, not even 'intelligent' fuzz/crackle like it knew a station existed anywhere on the planet) and I could get zero stations of anything at all--not FM, not AM, and no TV.2.  Not many weeks or months of use in, the radio developed this habit of shorting out or something to where my pre-set stations just scanned as blank 'fuzz' (no station, not even 'intelligent' fuzz/crackle like it knew a station existed anywhere on the planet) and I could get zero stations of anything at all--not FM, not AM, and no TV.This would happen right after turning the radio on, and I should note that I always used headphones (not the ones supplied; as with most, throw them away, they're not worth it).  It seemed to me through trial and error that just turning the radio on was fine, but the act of plugging in some headphones joggled some connection or shorted something out, and did this.This would happen right after turning the radio on, and I should note that I always used headphones (not the ones supplied; as with most, throw them away, they're not worth it).  It seemed to me through trial and error that just turning the radio on was fine, but the act of plugging in some headphones joggled some connection or shorted something out, and did this.I tried several different pair and types of headphones (some with noise cancelling switches, some without, and with these On and Off), and used the 'lock' switch on the radio both in the on and off position while plugging in my headphones (as the company I bought them from recommended turning the lock switch on when changing batteries, to prevent shorts), but nothing I have done has prevented this from eventually happening again...repeatedly.I tried several different pair and types of headphones (some with noise cancelling switches, some without, and with these On and Off), and used the 'lock' switch on the radio both in the on and off position while plugging in my headphones (as the company I bought them from recommended turning the lock switch on when changing batteries, to prevent shorts), but nothing I have done has prevented this from eventually happening again...repeatedly.It is really annoying when it does, as removing the batteries (which always will lose all your presets, by the way) and waiting several minutes rarely clears the short.It is really annoying when it does, as removing the batteries (which always will lose all your presets, by the way) and waiting several minutes rarely clears the short.Weirdly, the thing I've found which clears the short or re-makes whatever connection is messed up correct itself, is opening up the back (screwdriver required) and kind of pushing the guts (board) one direction or another, kind of scooting it (there's minimal movement available, though), and saying a little prayer and putting the whole thing back together again.  Most of the time, that has worked.  Occasionally, I've had to repeat the process 3-5 times before it will.Weirdly, the thing I've found which clears the short or re-makes whatever connection is messed up correct itself, is opening up the back (screwdriver required) and kind of pushing the guts (board) one direction or another, kind of scooting it (there's minimal movement available, though), and saying a little prayer and putting the whole thing back together again.  Most of the time, that has worked.  Occasionally, I've had to repeat the process 3-5 times before it will.Sometimes it lasts several weeks before this'll happen again, other times, it happens multiple times a day.  The day I can't fix it (I don't even know what I'm doing that's fixing it!), I'll throw it across the room, against a wall, and I probably _won't_ buy another one.(If I do, I'm keeping the receipt, NEVER opening up the back as it voids any warranty, and returning it (not for repairs--for a refund!) the split second it gives me any trouble of any kind.)(If I do, I'm keeping the receipt, NEVER opening up the back as it voids any warranty, and returning it (not for repairs--for a refund!) the split second it gives me any trouble of any kind.)(If I do, I'm keeping the receipt, NEVER opening up the back as it voids any warranty, and returning it (not for repairs--for a refund!) the split second it gives me any trouble of any kind.)(If I do, I'm keeping the receipt, NEVER opening up the back as it voids any warranty, and returning it (not for repairs--for a refund!) the split second it gives me any trouble of any kind.)(If I do, I'm keeping the receipt, NEVER opening up the back as it voids any warranty, and returning it (not for repairs--for a refund!) the split second it gives me any trouble of any kind.)(If I do, I'm keeping the receipt, NEVER opening up the back as it voids any warranty, and returning it (not for repairs--for a refund!) the split second it gives me any trouble of any kind.)For all this, I grudgingly say that it does have very good reception quality of FM (I almost exclusively listen to this), pulls the stations in nicely, and has very low amount of static.  When one particular station does, it's usually more the fault of distance, or we're getting out of range, or the batteries are very low- that's at fault.For all this, I grudgingly say that it does have very good reception quality of FM (I almost exclusively listen to this), pulls the stations in nicely, and has very low amount of static.  When one particular station does, it's usually more the fault of distance, or we're getting out of range, or the batteries are very low- that's at fault.Indoors in a computer-saturated office-cubby environment and not near a window, though, I'd have to say, it has had some significant problems pulling in any more than 3-4 strong-signal stations without major static.  But your office environs may vary.  (Some are more electrical field saturated than most.)Indoors in a computer-saturated office-cubby environment and not near a window, though, I'd have to say, it has had some significant problems pulling in any more than 3-4 strong-signal stations without major static.  But your office environs may vary.  (Some are more electrical field saturated than most.)The FM (musical) sound quality itself is good/decent, and I might say better than many...but my 1 criticism on it is a certain 'canniness' of sound quality (across various headphones I've plugged in).  It's lacking some fullness of the midrange, and warmth.  Also, the bass is not what it could be.  I'm not sure given its overall sound quality signature if the addition of a bass boost button would have helped it or not.The FM (musical) sound quality itself is good/decent, and I might say better than many...but my 1 criticism on it is a certain 'canniness' of sound quality (across various headphones I've plugged in).  It's lacking some fullness of the midrange, and warmth.  Also, the bass is not what it could be.  I'm not sure given its overall sound quality signature if the addition of a bass boost button would have helped it or not.For me, clarity and volume have helped me ignore some of the lesser aspects of the DT200V's sound signature.  However, shopping for my next purchase, that will move up higher in importance
 This has to be the worst keyboard I've purchased.  It's my first wireless.  I've used and sold several keyboards and none have fealt as cheap as this.This has to be the worst keyboard I've purchased.  It's my first wireless.  I've used and sold several keyboards and none have fealt as cheap as this.With the added snap-on plastic palm rest it sets the base up too high.  Without it there is a 'hump' where your palms go that puts your hands an an uncomfortable angle.With the added snap-on plastic palm rest it sets the base up too high.  Without it there is a 'hump' where your palms go that puts your hands an an uncomfortable angle.The plastic is really bad.  It feels really cheap and slick.  The plastic is really bad.  It feels really cheap and slick.  Before I purchased this I had been trying to get in tough with Logitech about their products and compatability but they never bothered to respond.  Before I purchased this I had been trying to get in tough with Logitech about their products and compatability but they never bothered to respond.  So, bad product....company on the slide.....doesn't add up to a good value.  So, bad product....company on the slide.....doesn't add up to a good value.  Logitech used to be the best company out there...or at least one of the best...
 Though I like the keyboard, I've found two serious problems with the mouse.  First, it is very sensitive to movement.  I've tried making some adjustments but it is still difficult to control.  Finally and more importantly, the mouse burns a set of AA batteries about every 8 days.  I only use the mouse about 6 hours a week so I should be getting a lot more battery life.  I've bought other Logitech products and have been pleased with them but in this case I wish I had bought another brand. 
 NOTE TO EVERYONE WHO IS HAVING PROBLEMS WITH THIS CARD--I reformatted it in my camera and it works fine now!!Initially I wrote:I was very disappointed in the shot-to-shot speed with this card (using a Minolta Xg).  The Panasonic card that came with the camera, which I thought would be cheap, is THREE TIMES FASTER than this "upgrade".  This card is useless to me as it cripples the camera I bought it to work in.  It takes FOURTEEN SECONDS from one shot to the next with this card.  With the original card, it's less than four seconds.  The claim that this is a "high speed" card is dishonest.  This is the slowest card I've ever used.  I will throw this card away rather than curse someone else with it. 
 The first card I received was defective.  Even after formatting it in a camera, the image files could not be transferred to any of 3 computers with 2 different O/Ses via USB cable to the camera or card reader.  I'm waiting on a replacement.  Hope it works
                    After reading the detailed reports here for how to setup this Linksys gaming adapter unit, everything worked great for several days. I setup the fixed IPs, and all the rest of the settings through the web interface, all seemed well. After reading the detailed reports here for how to setup this Linksys gaming adapter unit, everything worked great for several days. I setup the fixed IPs, and all the rest of the settings through the web interface, all seemed well. Note: I'm a network engineer, so the dual-fixed-ip recommendation [one for each segment] is actually pretty normal in other network bridging appliances. I suspect the MS game adapter simply performs the DHCP handshake better than this unit and that is why it is so easy to setup. Note: I'm a network engineer, so the dual-fixed-ip recommendation [one for each segment] is actually pretty normal in other network bridging appliances. I suspect the MS game adapter simply performs the DHCP handshake better than this unit and that is why it is so easy to setup. Note: I'm a network engineer, so the dual-fixed-ip recommendation [one for each segment] is actually pretty normal in other network bridging appliances. I suspect the MS game adapter simply performs the DHCP handshake better than this unit and that is why it is so easy to setup. Then the weird stuff started. Then the weird stuff started. After having had this unit turned on for several days, I notice the connection would become slow and not quite as fast as when the Linksys is first turned on. Yet, the XBOX still shows the signal between 48 and 54 Mbps. Strange. After having had this unit turned on for several days, I notice the connection would become slow and not quite as fast as when the Linksys is first turned on. Yet, the XBOX still shows the signal between 48 and 54 Mbps. Strange. I have reproduced this several times, booting the linksys device, then playing all kinds of games online for hours, running XBMC and playing media through the network perfectly. All is good for several hours, but come back the next day after leaving the Linksys on all day/night, turn on the XBOX, and the network connection is spotty again, but the link details show a full speed connection in the XBOX wireless interface details. I have reproduced this several times, booting the linksys device, then playing all kinds of games online for hours, running XBMC and playing media through the network perfectly. All is good for several hours, but come back the next day after leaving the Linksys on all day/night, turn on the XBOX, and the network connection is spotty again, but the link details show a full speed connection in the XBOX wireless interface details. A swift power cycle of the Linksys unit solves the problem immediately, but why should I need to do this? I suspect some NIC buffer is being filled on the Linksys and the power cycle clears out the unit's network buffers. A swift power cycle of the Linksys unit solves the problem immediately, but why should I need to do this? I suspect some NIC buffer is being filled on the Linksys and the power cycle clears out the unit's network buffers. If anyone has figured out what settings to use to keep this thing stable, I am ready to listen, maybe I should select a G-only network and set the speed at 54 or 48 fixed, maybe that will work? If anyone has figured out what settings to use to keep this thing stable, I am ready to listen, maybe I should select a G-only network and set the speed at 54 or 48 fixed, maybe that will work? Anyway, I am getting tired of power cycling this thing every day. Anyway, I am getting tired of power cycling this thing every day. Good Luck, F. 
 I purchased this device to add to my wireless network, which uses a Belkin wireless router.  I had to connect the router directly to the game adapter since it could not be detected by my wireless router.  After configuring it, I could never find it once it was disconnected from the ethernet cable from my wireless router.  I made three attempts at customer service - my first call was disconnected after 20 minutes, the second call was working with a woman in India, who's headset had a ton of static to add to her accent.  I had to end that session because we couldn't hear each other.  I then used online chat, and after 90 minutes I still had not solved my problem, and that session was disconnected for unknown reasons.  The lady from India did mention that mixing their product with any other wireless router would be a problem, and now I believe her
 DON'T BUY IT!   I bought a KOSS DVD player and it broke in 6 months.  I was told I was out of luck because the warranty is only 90 days.  They do not do repairs.  My only option is to buy a new one and wasn't even offered a discounted price for it.  I have seen several complaints like mine about KOSS on the web.  They make JUNK and they make it to last just to get past the warranty period and then it breaks.  Oh, by the way I loved it until it broke
 I recently purchased a refurbished Toshiba Gigabeat F40 for about $150. Quite a bargain for a 40-gig MP3 player. However, upon reflection, I regret the purchase.I recently purchased a refurbished Toshiba Gigabeat F40 for about $150. Quite a bargain for a 40-gig MP3 player. However, upon reflection, I regret the purchase.The Gigabeat hardware seems to be OK, with good sound quality etc. The major failing is with the included software. As other reviews have pointed out, the Gigabeat will only play encrypted tracks. The Gigabeat is supplied with Gigabeat Room application software to provide the necessary encryption. Gigabeat Room starts automatically when connected to the PC via the USB port. From the time the Gigabeat is connected till the Gigabeat Room application is displayed on the screen is 30 minutes. If you switch from viewing the Gigabeat file directory to the PC file directory, the application hangs. If you try to update your track library, the application hangs. I have yet to get  through a single operation from beginning to end without the program hanging. Every time the Gigabeat Room hangs, you have to restart the application, with yet another 30-minute wait to resume. The file directory on the Gigabeat is usually out of sync with what is actually present on the hard drive. Microsoft Media Player version 10 may also be used to synchronize the Gigabeat. I have a 35-gig library. It took Media Player 18 hours to encrypt and copy all 8100 tracks to the Gigabeat. In short, be prepared for a maddening and time consuming experience with this player. Software that gives error messages such as "The Program Is Quitted" and with such obvious fragility may have been expected in 1986 but is absolutely unreasonable in 2006.The Gigabeat hardware seems to be OK, with good sound quality etc. The major failing is with the included software. As other reviews have pointed out, the Gigabeat will only play encrypted tracks. The Gigabeat is supplied with Gigabeat Room application software to provide the necessary encryption. Gigabeat Room starts automatically when connected to the PC via the USB port. From the time the Gigabeat is connected till the Gigabeat Room application is displayed on the screen is 30 minutes. If you switch from viewing the Gigabeat file directory to the PC file directory, the application hangs. If you try to update your track library, the application hangs. I have yet to get  through a single operation from beginning to end without the program hanging. Every time the Gigabeat Room hangs, you have to restart the application, with yet another 30-minute wait to resume. The file directory on the Gigabeat is usually out of sync with what is actually present on the hard drive. Microsoft Media Player version 10 may also be used to synchronize the Gigabeat. I have a 35-gig library. It took Media Player 18 hours to encrypt and copy all 8100 tracks to the Gigabeat. In short, be prepared for a maddening and time consuming experience with this player. Software that gives error messages such as "The Program Is Quitted" and with such obvious fragility may have been expected in 1986 but is absolutely unreasonable in 2006.In my estimation you would be much better off purchasing an MP3 player, even at greater cost, that can play MP3 files directly, with file maintenance provided by Windows Explorer and or Media Player.
 Even the slightest bump cause the casette to pop out and stop the CD. I will be returning this to Amazon for a refund
 The picture shows the cassette feature along with the car kit.  The cassette did not come with the kit.  Very disappointed
 I purchased this to have a stereo for my iPod for primary use in my office, but to take with me other places.  I have the 30 gig Video ipod - it fits loosly.  The entire system seems cheaply made.  As I mentioned, I wanted to use it in my office - well, at the lowest volume control, it is not very quite, so I would annoy my co-workers if I turned it on.  Bottom line - Save your money!!
 I replaced a Siemens 8825 with the Motorola 7081 and was, unfortunately, really disappointed. The 8825 while rich in function, is quite lacking in quality. So what's good about the 7081 is:I replaced a Siemens 8825 with the Motorola 7081 and was, unfortunately, really disappointed. The 8825 while rich in function, is quite lacking in quality. So what's good about the 7081 is:1.	Great design and feel, especially the handset.2.	Nice look to the unit.3.	Well-lit displays.4.	Easy to understand voice prompts when accessing remotely.5.	Reasonable range.6.	Nice feel to the buttons.7.	Fairly easy to go through the setup.8.	Ability to sort the phonebook alphabetically.9.	Base has phonebook that can be shared by the handsets.10.	Motorola customer support (excellent).10.	Motorola customer support (excellent).Now what's not good:Now what's not good:1.	Even at maximum volume, you can barely hear the speakerphone on                         the base.2.	Sound on the handset is distorted, fuzzy. The person on the other        end hears a hiss. The volume is adequate, but barely.3.	Cannot search the phonebook. If you sorted it alphabetically and        need to access a name starting with "Z" you have to scroll through         the entire phonebook.4.	Can't record an outgoing message remotely.5.	Battery level indicator on handset is useless. When the handset is         in the charging cradle, it shows a charging indication at all        times. When it is out of the cradle, it doesn't show anything.        times. When it is out of the cradle, it doesn't show anything.I really wanted to like this unit because it has such a nice look and feel to it but the poor sound quality is a showstopper.I really wanted to like this unit because it has such a nice look and feel to it but the poor sound quality is a showstopper.
 I really wanted to like this unit because it has such a nice look and feel to it but the poor sound quality is a showstopper.I have had this phone for 20 hours - and am returning it.I have had this phone for 20 hours - and am returning it.There is static noise on the line when people talk on the other end.  The echo of my voice from the earpiece is very distracting - I find it very disconcerting.There is static noise on the line when people talk on the other end.  The echo of my voice from the earpiece is very distracting - I find it very disconcerting.The wall mount bracket causes the base to stick straight out from the wall - and as a previous reviewer mentioned, is usually up to your nose given the location of most wall mounts.  This strikes me as an unexcusable oversight on Motorola's part.  Either make it desk only - or do the wall mount right.The wall mount bracket causes the base to stick straight out from the wall - and as a previous reviewer mentioned, is usually up to your nose given the location of most wall mounts.  This strikes me as an unexcusable oversight on Motorola's part.  Either make it desk only - or do the wall mount right.The speaker for the speakerphone feature is in the back of the phone - while the microphone is in the front of the phone.  Dumb design - I feel like I'm either not listening or not being picked up when talking.The speaker for the speakerphone feature is in the back of the phone - while the microphone is in the front of the phone.  Dumb design - I feel like I'm either not listening or not being picked up when talking.The volume on the base speakerphone is too low at highest setting.The volume on the base speakerphone is too low at highest setting.I'm very disappointed in this phone.  Much like a previous reviewer, the 1 star is only because I couldn't give it a 0 star rating
 After using RCA and Creative (both suck), I decided to try an iPod--this one since only a moron watches video on a 3-4 inch screen.After using RCA and Creative (both suck), I decided to try an iPod--this one since only a moron watches video on a 3-4 inch screen.iTunes doesn't like M$ too much I guess. iTunes is really crappy software. If you have a big WMA audio collection, go elsewhere. Conversion causes sound quality loss especially if you ripped at 64kbps. Protected files can't be converted so you have to burn to a CD then let iTunes rip it.iTunes doesn't like M$ too much I guess. iTunes is really crappy software. If you have a big WMA audio collection, go elsewhere. Conversion causes sound quality loss especially if you ripped at 64kbps. Protected files can't be converted so you have to burn to a CD then let iTunes rip it.If you don't use iTunes to buy music, 5 stars. If you do, 1 star.If you don't use iTunes to buy music, 5 stars. If you do, 1 star.The iPod, which I returned after discovering it would take months to convert to iPod compatibility, is flawlessly designed and takes a licking.The iPod, which I returned after discovering it would take months to convert to iPod compatibility, is flawlessly designed and takes a licking.Google "itunes problems" and you'll find a lot of hate for iTunes.Google "itunes problems" and you'll find a lot of hate for iTunes.My problem: why NOT support WMA files? iPod would grab 99% of the market if they did and kill the upcoming M$ MP3 player that will even play iTunes stuff
 When I put this device in my mp3 player, I espect listen the music but I need a room completly silent and obviusly that no was my intention.
 I was using this power cord in conjunction w/ the belkin fm transmitter during a recent 4 hour car ride. when I unplugged the ipod, it was incredibly hot, and now it does not work (I get the folder w/ the exclamation point on the display). I tried to restore the ipod, but it is toast
 I was extremely excited when I received this product and have had good success with Samsung products.  However, when I made all the connections, the unit didn't work.  I was disapointed and frustrated.  All the connections and settings were correct, but it didn't work.  I have an older DVI connection instead of the newer HDMI digital connection.I was extremely excited when I received this product and have had good success with Samsung products.  However, when I made all the connections, the unit didn't work.  I was disapointed and frustrated.  All the connections and settings were correct, but it didn't work.  I have an older DVI connection instead of the newer HDMI digital connection.I returned the product and bought the Humax brand HDTV tuner.  I bought a DVI to HDMI cable and connected the unit.  It works like a charm!  I don't know what was wrong with the Samsung SIR-T451, but I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.  I'm also having second thoughts about Samsung products now.  It seems like the reliability/quality factor of Samsung products has declined now that they are more mainstream
 This player worked for 2 months. Then all of sudden it started failing with "no disk" message. Please do not go for cheap players
 I've had it for one week only and I'm using 3rd pair of Duracell batteries right now! I was using it for 3-4 hours per day (I have another mouse at work). Stayed switched off for the rest of the day in order to save batteries. Nice mouse when it works.. Mine is piece of junk, maybe the latest batch they've got was not up to standard. So I totally agree with Mr. Loftin.. And it's silver one in my case, not a black one I've ordered..
 I can use it for about 5 working days and Ka-Put!  (Even though I switch it off when I'm not using it.)  There is no intelligible low battery indication or warning either.  Also when I changed batteries, the battery contacts fell out.  Poor quality
 I wanted an original apple usb cord for my iPod, and the description said this is, but it isn't. So if you're like me and you want the original, don't buy this one
   This product is not very good.  There is no display on the TV, just a black screen.  The remote, which is just a pause button anyways with no menu functions, does not make a difference because you are unable to see your small Ipod screen from far away.  The overall video quality is quite low, even with an s-video cable
 Avoid this product at all costs!!!  I should've listened to the other reviews but NOOOO, I just had to see it for myself.  This product worked (barely) for 2 weeks then just totally died.  In the short time that it worked, the sound quality was just horrible.  No matter what free channel you play it on.  I have a good 40 mile drive one way (not city or metropolitan driving) and in that span, I'll have to switch channels between 3 to 5 times. Kudos to Amazon's hassle free return policy, I was able to return it and get the Belkin TuneBase FM which I highly recommend
 Not at all durable due to very, very cheap construction.  I had to massage my batteries to get the speakers to play.  A total waste of time to purchase, try to use and return.  Couldn't even give these away
 I have a VOIP setup with voicepulse.  This phone works great as long as I don't assign phone numbers to the presets. When I do it stops ringing after a few days.  The lights flash indicating an incoming call and I can answer the phone if I notice the lights flashing but it doesn't ring. If I reset the phone to defaults, erasing all presets, then it works OK.   I got a new one from AT&T and it does the same thing.  I love the headset button to switch between speaker and headset. Let me know if you know a workaround
 callers can barely hear me, even with the mic right in my mouth (volume adjustment on cord doesnt affect it).and even worse, callers hear an echo of themselves, the mic picks up the caller in the earpiece enough to resend it!  (echo!). Must be because its all on the same arm or something crappy.  This makes it basically unusable, so waste of money, throw away, going to buy a better one
 This Item is not described correctly. This ITEM is NOT for Garmin c550 or Any of the C line. I had to returned it at my OWN EXPENSE. AMAZON please correct the description of the ITEM
 On the back of the package it says -  1) Transparent sound and powerful bass. - The "Transparent sound" part is true and "powerful bass" part is totally untrue. 2) Metal stabilized system for high levels. - What was that again? Metal stabilized system?? It has antiroll crossbars I guess!! 2) Metal stabilized system for high levels. - What was that again? Metal stabilized system?? It has antiroll crossbars I guess!!When companies start making vague claims about their product - thats when you know that there is a problem.When companies start making vague claims about their product - thats when you know that there is a problem.These sounded terrible at first - no bass - period. These sounded terrible at first - no bass - period. The sound changed for the better once I put on the foam covers. I could hear some bass at that point but even after equalization, it was clear that this product is designed to deliver a lot of high frequency, decent midrange but little by way of bass - even though it claims to have frequency response going from 18Hz to 20kHz. It fits my ears properly, so that is not a problem. The sound changed for the better once I put on the foam covers. I could hear some bass at that point but even after equalization, it was clear that this product is designed to deliver a lot of high frequency, decent midrange but little by way of bass - even though it claims to have frequency response going from 18Hz to 20kHz. It fits my ears properly, so that is not a problem. This product sounds far inferior to a pair of "Aiwa" ear-buds that came with a "Made in Japan" walkman purchased in 1990!This product sounds far inferior to a pair of "Aiwa" ear-buds that came with a "Made in Japan" walkman purchased in 1990!I wouldn't even compare the sound of these MX400 to the excellent Koss over the ear headphones I purchased recently.I wouldn't even compare the sound of these MX400 to the excellent Koss over the ear headphones I purchased recently.Maybe they are better than the IPOD headphones (which suck even worse), and the reason people give this 5 stars. Really - no more than a 2 star product.Maybe they are better than the IPOD headphones (which suck even worse), and the reason people give this 5 stars. Really - no more than a 2 star product.Expected much better from Sennheiser. With this experience, I've decided not to go for their noise cancelling headphone and instead go with the one from Panasonic. Reputable companies should think twice before selling junk in the marketplace
 I agree with the previous review.  This phone cord worked twice.  Now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse.  I'm returning it for a refund.  Don't waste your time with this
 If you have problems with your flash drive ( like I did) don't count on any technical support. Lines are all automated and wait is always over 20 minutes for live support. Not to mention that it disconects you when it is done telling you this. PNY tech support is a joke
 I'm mad.  I bought this one to replace my old one.  This one and the other one are doing the samething.  I had a chat with an HP service helper and they determined that it was broke.  Their customer service is top notch thought!  They are sending me a new one for free and apearently I get to keep the ink cartidges for free because of my troubles
 I like the Dish Networks technology and the potential that it could be.  One DVR which covers two rooms is great.  The picture is clear when it works.  The menus/programming are intuitive.  The pricing is reasonable.I like the Dish Networks technology and the potential that it could be.  One DVR which covers two rooms is great.  The picture is clear when it works.  The menus/programming are intuitive.  The pricing is reasonable.But, my complaint is RELIABILITY and SUPPORT...for the two years I have had Dish my TV picture seems to go out every 6 months or so.  Everytime I talk to Dish customer service I get a different reason why it could be out.  Several times I have gotten new DVR boxes mailed to me and there is always a dispute about who should pay.  Several times I have had Dish Net come out to my house and they have always tried to make me pay until I told them I'm tired of the hassel and just cancel me.  Now my dish is out again this weekend and I am missing the Ohio State / Michigan game because my TV says no Dish Signal (reason tbd).But, my complaint is RELIABILITY and SUPPORT...for the two years I have had Dish my TV picture seems to go out every 6 months or so.  Everytime I talk to Dish customer service I get a different reason why it could be out.  Several times I have gotten new DVR boxes mailed to me and there is always a dispute about who should pay.  Several times I have had Dish Net come out to my house and they have always tried to make me pay until I told them I'm tired of the hassel and just cancel me.  Now my dish is out again this weekend and I am missing the Ohio State / Michigan game because my TV says no Dish Signal (reason tbd).Anyway, if it worked consistently as advertised I would give it 4 or 5 stars.  But due to reliability I give it 2 stars.  And with Murphy's Law it always goes down when you want to watch that big event (prompting me to write this review instead of watching the game today)!!  I may have to switch back to cable.Anyway, if it worked consistently as advertised I would give it 4 or 5 stars.  But due to reliability I give it 2 stars.  And with Murphy's Law it always goes down when you want to watch that big event (prompting me to write this review instead of watching the game today)!!  I may have to switch back to cable. - J.Clark / San Jose, CA
 This product stopped working a few days after purchase.  5 phone calls and 2 emails were not returned by SanDisk.  This product did not work as advertised and no technical support of any kind is available.  I would not buy this brand again
 The Voice recorder meets all my expectations and moreEasy to use, easy to transfer great results
 All ports began running slow after just 6 months of use. Followed LinkSys RMA process and they sent me a hub in return by mistake. I followed yet another LinkSys RMA process and had to wait TWO MONTHS for the replacement switch covering their mistake. The replacement switch died after 1 week of use. The latest RMA unit ran excessively Hot until the smell of burning plastic left the air and then it would not power up. This is what I have learned about Linksys: #1) This should be a simple network pass-through device and it should not fail unless manufactured poorly - Linksys apparently cannot make a good one. #2) Do not even think about turning a broken unit into Linksys under their RMA process, they will simply send you a refurbished unit and it cannot be trusted. If these cheap switches fail they cannot be fixed and the original manufacture was flawed in the first place. #3) Choose a competitors product - I have had other brand switches running for years with no issues
 Purchased this for my laptop (it was supposed to match the Rangemax modem).  The adapter was not being recognized by my machine, and I contacted customer service.   The customer service rep was obviously from India (suprize!).  Unfortunately my inquiry was not resolved and I returned the product back.   Probably would explore other brands next time around.
 I don't like it because it is always saying "low power" and I do every thing it said to trouble shoot the problem with out and luck fixing the problem
 I just purchased this mouse. It has a good feel. It does not scroll as smoothly as I would like. Contrary to what Microsoft says, the buttons are not programmable -- you have to select from a predefined list. I chose to use the small silver buttons on the side as "copy" and "paste". Neither one works.Another irritation, I am already getting a popup that says the "signal" is weak -- about 18" away, yet the menu says it is fine I got a great buy on it at OfficeDepot (half price), otherwise I would return it
 Interference from other electronics is a severe problem - I had to return this item for a refund.  If you can locate it several feet from any other electronics, it might work for you, but who wants a phone that you cannot place on your desktop, near a computer
 I am a LONG TIME pc user and pc gamer.I am a LONG TIME pc user and pc gamer.I wanted this for a 1. tv2. pc gaming monitor3. xbox gaming monitor4. dvd veiwing device.  4. dvd veiwing device.  Here is how I rate this monitor on these four levels on a scale of 1 to 5:1. tv = 22. pc gaming monitor = 23. xbox = 14. dvd = 34. dvd = 3The ghosting for normal operations is almost too much to live with.  I returned this item just so you know.  The rca inputs gave me only black and white images.  This could have been because my monitor was defective.  I am not sure.The ghosting for normal operations is almost too much to live with.  I returned this item just so you know.  The rca inputs gave me only black and white images.  This could have been because my monitor was defective.  I am not sure.Ghosting during gaming was very bad.  Worse than that was it's lack of good brightness control.Ghosting during gaming was very bad.  Worse than that was it's lack of good brightness control.This is not for gamers
 The ONLY reason i bought this unit when I saw it in the store was for the iPod controller feature.  I really looked forward to being able to control my iPod from the deck and hiding my ipod in my dash completely out of sight.  Boy was I disappointed!  The iPod adpater works and all... but barely.  It takes FOREVER to scroll through the songs, artists or albums.  Why the hell would Alpine put out a product that has an inferior scrolling mechanism and then lock you out of the iPod so you can't even select songs from the iPod itself?  I have over 3000 songs on my iPod... by the time I scroll to the song I want I've already reached my destination... and that's if I even find the song at all!  So now what I have to do is unplug my iPod, scroll to the song I want, then plug it back in. (Luckily the reciever continues to play whatever song was already playing when you plug your iPod in.)  But again... that defeats the whole point of having the controls built into the deck.  Bottom line, the iPod control feature flat SUCKS.  The deck features a "quick search" function... but it is uselss... it isn't used to search through artsts or albums... only individual songs and there's no way to skip 10, 20, 30 or 100 songs at a time... only 1 by 1... What's "quick" about that?   I have 3000 songs and hundreds of artists and albums and Alpine thinks I'm supposed to go through them 1 by 1???? Another annoying thing about this unit is that when you skip through songs while the iPod is playing, the display just says "song up" or "song down" instead of just showing the name of the damn song!  Who thought of that?  What possible help could "song up" be to anyone? Just show the name of the song while I'm skipping through... that makes more sense right?  There are a bunch of other problems I have with the practicalness of this unit when used with the iPod adapter and iPod... but the sound quality is great which is the most important thing... but then again... who cares if the sound is great when it takes you all day to find the song you want to listen to
 I bought an Alpine 9847 and the Ipod interface. I works but it totally hijacks your Ipod. The beautiful intuitve, fast controls on the Ipod itself are locked out and you can ONLY control the Ipod from the car stereo. It is therefore very hard to deal with especially if you have a large music catalog on you Ipod. It is very slow, not at all intuitive. Even after getting used to it it is no good. The info on artist, album or song title imports from the IPod very slowly. Turning the volume knob is equivalent to circling on the Ipod but one turn eqauls about 3 spots on the list unlike one circle on the Ipod which equals dozens of spots on the list. Therefore if you have a large catalog you have to spin the volume knob 100 times to get thru a long catalog list which takes forever........Very annoying, very slow, very cumbersome. If only it did not deactivate the normal controls on the Ipod itself. A better and much cheaper solution is to find a car stereo with some form of line in, either stereo mini plug or RCA jacks. The just connect directly and use the IPods own controls which are infinitely better. I replace an old stereo to get the Ipod option and am very sorry I did so
 The only thing this item is good for is charging your ipod.  The transmitter is so weak all you hear is static buzz with muffled music in the background.    Don't waste your money.  And, don't expect any help from the manufacturer who  refuses to answer emails or accept a warranty return.  
 Terrible Design did not fit my car's electical outlet, it does not work with my Jeep Liberty.  The jack construction is defective does not even power on
 Mine worked pretty well for about the first 50 labels that I made.  Then the font size got stuck ridiculously small so that the message only covers about 10 percent of the tape surface.  If you want really small labels with a hard-to-read font size, you could use my PT-1750 to print them out and then cut down with scissors to eliminate all of the wasted label area
 I just purchased this product. In the instruction manual, it states that only the Brother AC adapter should be used and any other will invalidate the warranty. Why is it that only a Brother adapter can be used when AC adapters are supposed to be standard? A tactic to increase sales? The adapter itself costs an additional 15 to 20 dollars. In addition, I agree with some of the other reviewers that a significant amount of label is wasted with each printing due to the empty space on either side that must be cut off. The 2 line printing does look very nice. I have not used many of the other features and so cannot comment on those
 Don't even accept it as a freebie (as I did) unless you are prepared to pay $1.15 per sheet for color ink.  That was my experience with the first color cartridge, which was fully consumed on a total of 20 sheets, 12 of which were heavy color, the others being mixed color and text or very light color.  At $17.99 per color cartridge and $14.99 for black I calculate the outrageous, obscene $1.15 per sheet figure for ink.  This is about six times greater than the average ink cost for my old HP720c, which unfortunately does not work with my new HP Pavilion PC (no printer port on this model, among other issues).  I have vowed to not purchase any HP product in the future if I can possibly avoid it.  I just ordered a Canon Pixima to replace this ink hog.  On the positive side, the print quality is good, speed is excellent, and color fidelity is fair.  The software installed without incident, and the machine is easy to operate, but the HP software is overbearing and constantly trying to sell you something--worse than daytime television
 Bought this all-in-one printer and the install disc was bad. Prints test page every time I turn it on. Won't print. Jobs get stuck and cannot cancel. Spoke with customer service for 1.5 hours! Yes, that long. They would not refund me and told me that I should have did a better job researching their products. They got that right. All I could get was a refurbished replacement that also performs like crap. HP has lost a customer forever, and I am making it my mission to share with everyone how terrible they are with products and customer service. Canon, meet your next customer
 This bracket will not fit the eTrex Vista CX. This is because the battery cover supplied with the bracket (replaces the original battery cover to provide attachement lugs) will not clear the microSD card socket. This is very frustrating because the Garmin website even shows this bracket, part number 010-10361-00, in the eTrex Vista CX accessories list. So if you have a CX, don't purchase this item
 The first few times it worked great, after that i haven't been able to use it, for some reason incoming audio is good but the mic does not work, i have to use my computer's which is anoying so i stopped using altogether. Waste of money
 We have bought 3 of these VTech Phones for our house. Since the begining we have had battery problems. It is really annoying when you have to make a phone call and your phone doesn't work because of the battery.We have bought 3 of these VTech Phones for our house. Since the begining we have had battery problems. It is really annoying when you have to make a phone call and your phone doesn't work because of the battery.At any point in time, at least one of the phones constantly reports a "low charge" or "no battery" message, which means you can't use that phone. Of course, you can hear the ring from the phone that is never at the same room that you are, so you have to run to pick up the other phone, since the one in your location has the no battery problem.At any point in time, at least one of the phones constantly reports a "low charge" or "no battery" message, which means you can't use that phone. Of course, you can hear the ring from the phone that is never at the same room that you are, so you have to run to pick up the other phone, since the one in your location has the no battery problem.As other reviewers have noted, this in spite of the fact that we make minimal use of the phones and leave them in the charger most of the time. As other reviewers have noted, this in spite of the fact that we make minimal use of the phones and leave them in the charger most of the time. On the beginning we used to take the battery out of phone and put it back in. That doesn't quite work anymore. I tried to get support but you can't get a live person at the VTech number. On their website they suggest replacing the batteries, but they are rechargeable, so how many times are we really supposed to buy new rechargeable baterries (I have already replaced it once)?On the beginning we used to take the battery out of phone and put it back in. That doesn't quite work anymore. I tried to get support but you can't get a live person at the VTech number. On their website they suggest replacing the batteries, but they are rechargeable, so how many times are we really supposed to buy new rechargeable baterries (I have already replaced it once)?I know we wont buy VTech products again.
 It's not often I find a product that's as disappointing as this. The interference problem is very serious and makes most conversations a pain. Moving around the house and outside of the house, standing on your head holding the phone at a 45 angle, etc., are part of the daily ritual in trying to hold a legibible conversation.It's not often I find a product that's as disappointing as this. The interference problem is very serious and makes most conversations a pain. Moving around the house and outside of the house, standing on your head holding the phone at a 45 angle, etc., are part of the daily ritual in trying to hold a legibible conversation.But that's not the bad part. The bad part, as at least one other reviewer has noted, is that each of the phones constantly reports a  "low charge" message or something similar. This in spite of the fact that we make minimal use of the phones and leave them in the charger most of the time. The only solution I've found is to take the battery out of phone and put it back in. Then it will work for a day or two. I suppose it could be just the batteries. But if so then we were shipped batteries that were already on life-support.But that's not the bad part. The bad part, as at least one other reviewer has noted, is that each of the phones constantly reports a  "low charge" message or something similar. This in spite of the fact that we make minimal use of the phones and leave them in the charger most of the time. The only solution I've found is to take the battery out of phone and put it back in. Then it will work for a day or two. I suppose it could be just the batteries. But if so then we were shipped batteries that were already on life-support.I read a few good reviews of this phone, and of course there are a number right here. But out experience has been the opposite. The phones have been nothing other than a pain
 I picked up this headset telephone because I am spending more and more time on the phone.  I picked up this headset telephone because I am spending more and more time on the phone.  Almost immediately after plugging it in, everyone I called asked me to speak up, repeat what I said, and that they could not hear me very well.  Almost immediately after plugging it in, everyone I called asked me to speak up, repeat what I said, and that they could not hear me very well.  When I attempted to setup a new voicemail system, I found out why.  The headphone is amplified, but the microphone is not.  No matter how loud I spoke (or shouted) the audio is severely suppressed and barely audible.When I attempted to setup a new voicemail system, I found out why.  The headphone is amplified, but the microphone is not.  No matter how loud I spoke (or shouted) the audio is severely suppressed and barely audible.Simply stated, this product is not usable.  
 I had this for approximately 2 years. It worked fine for couple of months but suddenely started to activate the alarm without any disturbances. One day I left my laptop attached the alarm in my office for about half an hour. During this period, the alarm was activated and I was embarrased to face my office workers. This is without increasing the sensitivity of the alarm. I sent it back to Targus and they were nice enough to give me a new alarm. But after several months, it started the same problem. So, now I am afraid to use this security system with my laptop. But I did not face problems like changing the combination by its own. You can use it without the alarm activation (i.e: without batteries) but the cable is so thin, it is not recommended to protect any valubles
 I bought this item after seeing the almost uniformly good reviews including the one that says there is good Macintosh support.  Unfortunately the player does not work well with the Macintosh.  The included software often crashes and does not seem to be able to import DSS files.  The software can move the files between the recorder and the computer but the files do not appear in the software window.  The use interface is also fairly crude and looks as if it was ported directly from Windows 3.1.  The DS-2 appears to the finder as a standard USB disk and I have been able to copy the DSS files from the player to the compuer using the finder.  It is then possible to play the DSS files by double clicking them, but it will only play one file.  If you want to play another file it is necessary to completely quit the DSS player and relanch it.  Exporting the files to a format usable by other software such as AIFF is also nearly impossible.  There is an export function in the menu, when it is selected it asks were the new file should be saved but no file ever appears.  Unfortunately there is no other Macintosh software available to read or convert DSS files as Olympus refuses to allow others use the the format on the Macintosh.  Search of the internet reveals that others have found extremely painful ways of converting the DSS files such as playing the entire file and re-recording it with another program
 Great sound, but the build quality is just not there.  On a recent trip to Europe, the left bud completely fell apart and the leads became disconnected from the bass driver.  They are only two months old and I always keep them in the case!  I had to solder it back together and then super glue the bud back together.  Since then I've also had to superglue the right bud as well.  Also, the cable sheath is fraying over one bud lead, revealing the fine speaker wire underneath.  I don't expect these phones to last much longer which is too bad.  They are great sounding and comfortable, but unfortunately they seem to have cut some important corners.  Be warned
  These headphones are so expensive and they are aweful! I dont remember if it was the left or the right but one side of the cord is longer than the other; its very annoying! I tried to loosen it and the wire was showing, what a piece of s***. Its very annoying because the ear bud fell out when I listened to music and it doesnt feel comfortable. Also the rubber on the ear bud falls off very easily. They are too expensive for a piece of junk! The only reason I rate it two stars is because the sound is great on the headphones. Instead purchase the Sony SRF-HM01V S2 Sports Walkman Street Style Headphone Radio. I purchased those after these fell apart and they are much better :)
 I SO wanted to love this thing. I have an iPod that I am seldom without, and my car isn't iPod compatible. I bought a Monster Wireless FM Transmitter/Charger so I could listen to my music on the way to my class reunion. Unfortunately, the thing just didn't work for me. I SO wanted to love this thing. I have an iPod that I am seldom without, and my car isn't iPod compatible. I bought a Monster Wireless FM Transmitter/Charger so I could listen to my music on the way to my class reunion. Unfortunately, the thing just didn't work for me. There are 8 preset stations (low on the dial) and if all of them are in use, you're out of luck. I don't live in a huge city (maybe 60,000 with farmland all around), but only two of these stations were available. Although I was able to tune in to my iPod, it wasn't crystal clear. In fact, it wasn't even plastic clear. The static sometimes overrode the music, which drove me nuts. This is like a fax machine - the original may be spotless, but the fax will be a little fuzzy. There are 8 preset stations (low on the dial) and if all of them are in use, you're out of luck. I don't live in a huge city (maybe 60,000 with farmland all around), but only two of these stations were available. Although I was able to tune in to my iPod, it wasn't crystal clear. In fact, it wasn't even plastic clear. The static sometimes overrode the music, which drove me nuts. This is like a fax machine - the original may be spotless, but the fax will be a little fuzzy. If you have a cassette player in your car, there are adapters that go through the cassette player and are much better. If your car isn't iPod compatible and you don't have a cassette player, you're better off just burning a bunch of CD's
      If all you want is a carrying case that is transparent and UNABLE to use the stylus with the case closed, then this is the perfect item for you(sarcasm).     If all you want is a carrying case that is transparent and UNABLE to use the stylus with the case closed, then this is the perfect item for you(sarcasm).     The Palm Z22 Air case states that you are able to use the sylus with the case closed, this was the selling and purchasing point for this item. Problem is, this feature does not work. Affortable, but what is the point if you can not utilize the item for it's selling feature...      The Palm Z22 Air case states that you are able to use the sylus with the case closed, this was the selling and purchasing point for this item. Problem is, this feature does not work. Affortable, but what is the point if you can not utilize the item for it's selling feature... 
 I bought this even with the bad reviews. I have one of it's predecessors, a black one and it worked fantastically for 5 or 6 years. It still does but the on/off button finally died. I figured... how bad could it be? The one I have worked great until now.I bought this even with the bad reviews. I have one of it's predecessors, a black one and it worked fantastically for 5 or 6 years. It still does but the on/off button finally died. I figured... how bad could it be? The one I have worked great until now.It's BAD. It's AWFUL. It's WORTHLESS. I've had to enter the codes for my tv and vcr 3 times today. The batteries are brand new... that's the first thing I tried. DO NOT BUY THIS. I only gave it a 1 because you can't give it a zero
 Product is light duty,  over time it will not hold up to being flipped and opened often,  If longevity is your goal purchase elsewher
 From the photos and specs I thought this was "the camera" to have (both my wife and I loved the look of the camera from the photos we had seen). There's always exceptions to rules, and the rule, "the more you pay, the more you get" is the exception to the rule for this web camera. After getting it, I had difficulty in getting the software to load but eventually had success. I was very disappointed in the video quality. There seemed to be a lot of noise in the picture, and tweaking gave no improvement. I returned it to Amazon and took a lose in the return shipping cost, but considered it worth it just to get the price of the camera back. Amazon lived up to their part and refunded the price paid (less return shipment) with no hassle
 this webcam is not compatible with acer ferrari, with windows xp. I don't know why. I just returned it
 If you got a crappy brand TV like the Samsung the East Meadow guy got, you might need a super-expensive cable like this to make the image quality acceptable, but if you have a namebrand TV like Sony or Sharp or Philips or Toshiba or Panasonic, a $15 HDMI-DVI cable totally suffices.  This Monster cable is no better than the $15 guy (also available on Amazon, just search for "hdmi dvi cable").  Don't waste your money
 I have a Canon S2 and these batteries last almost as long as the cheap costco non-rechargable ones. They do take upto 8 hours to charge and Amazon is correct about that. Does anyone know of good long lasting 2500 Mah rechargable batteries?
 I HATE DESE KIND OF PHONES. DAY HAVE EM AT MI SKOOL N DA R TURRBLE. THEY HAV OK SOUND BUT DAY FEEL TURRBLE LIK PUTTIN TOO MUCH PRESSURE ON UR EARS. THEY F--KING HURT DOG. DON'T GET DESE, GET SONY H.EAR DOSE R ALWAYZ DA BEST
 These seemed like good headphones at first - but problems with portablity were huge!  The sound was good but 3 months into ownership one earpeice died so the phones are useless!! NOT worth spending time and money on these phones
 Not a particularly easy lock to use (combo part rotates freely when not in computer, making it difficult to set the combo). Also changing combo is very easy to do accidently. However this is usually not a problem because it is incredibly easy to figure out the combo. I am not a professional lock picker, and I am able to break the combo without any difficulty (which is a problem with many low quality combo locks, but this design try to avoid it at all). I've noticed a lot of people have a problem with the lock "spontaneously" changing combinations. It's probably not because the lock  is defective. It's probably because they inadvertently changed the combination because the mechanism to change it is so easy to engage.I would definitely never suggest this product to anyone (unless I really wanted their computer)
 Like other people here my lock spontaneously changed its combination on me....Surprise!  My laptop is currently locked up at my desk at work which ruined my day and is ruining my night.  Another stressor I do not need to deal with...do not get this lock if you value the mobility of your laptop over a theft deterrant
 Wiring broke at interface box - poor design
 I read all of the reviews here and thought these would be the best option for easy transport AND low ambient sound i-pod headpohones without breaking the bank (I'm on a plane frequently). I wanted something that I wouldn't cry over breaking or losing during my many travels. I found that the uneven cord lengths are very irritating- especially if you like to use only one plug (like maybe at your desk at work). The weight of the shorter cord pulls on the longer cord and it is quite uncomfortable- even when sitting still. So then I thought these will be great workout headphones (won't be upset if I break or lose them), HOWEVER, the cords produce noise in the ear pieces everytime they rub on your clothing or your hand. The effect is very loud and disruptive to your music listening experience (even when you are sitting stationary at your desk). It is similar to wearing a stethescope, which defeats the point of wearing in-the-ear headphones (which are supposed to reduce the ambient noise). I do not recommend these headphones, because of this stethescope effect- I could get over the uneven cord lengths for certain uses (they are after all designed to wear behind the head). I'm on the hunt for better quality headphones
 I like this style of headphone radio (especially when I jog), and haven't found any similar models that I like. This is my third purchase of this radio.  Each of the three have had problems.  First died completely (although it was used a lot).  Second still works, but last number doesn't show up on digital display.  I wanted a backup in case second died, so I ordered another one.  This third works least well of all.  At times, entire display is off, radio doesn't work at all, or it won't change channels.  Then other times it worked. Seems like might be affected by heat outside. However, I know have another persistent problem.  That being, it won't let me program the preset stations.  Again, I'm limited in my choices, and I use this type headphone a lot.  So I suffer through poor quality
 Agree with the prior reviewers.  I can not get it to retract any longer and that was only after 3 uses! 
 I agree with the previous review.  This phone cord worked twice.  Now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse.  I'm returning it for a refund.  Don't waste your time with this
 This mouse was barely functional.  It did move the arrow across the screen, but it was in a very random fashion.  I went to the Macally website and downloaded the latest drivers.  Still no luck.  I'm sending this back.  Guess I'll have to stick with my reliable Kensington. Too bad it's so ugly and doesn't match my ice keyboard.  Oh well... function over form
 The product description for these speakers is misleading. They do not plug directly into a DVD player or game console. Then, after buying the adapters and doing the initial setup, three of the five speakers did not work. Perhaps these speakers are a good solution for PCs, but that's not why we bought them, and we immediately sent them back
 Isolation:I had to use the foam inserts because the plastic ones were a little too large for my ears. With the foam, it completely sealed my ear canal and blocked out most noise.  My commute home on the J train (light-rail) was quite silent.  I was listening to classical music for the first time on the train.  With earbuds, I had to put the volume level around 50%.  With the Sony MDR-EX71 model, I could to keep it around 40%.  The noise attenuation wasn't that good with the Sony model, but definitely better than earbuds (but the sound quality was quite terrible though.)I had to use the foam inserts because the plastic ones were a little too large for my ears. With the foam, it completely sealed my ear canal and blocked out most noise.  My commute home on the J train (light-rail) was quite silent.  I was listening to classical music for the first time on the train.  With earbuds, I had to put the volume level around 50%.  With the Sony MDR-EX71 model, I could to keep it around 40%.  The noise attenuation wasn't that good with the Sony model, but definitely better than earbuds (but the sound quality was quite terrible though.)I had to use the foam inserts because the plastic ones were a little too large for my ears. With the foam, it completely sealed my ear canal and blocked out most noise.  My commute home on the J train (light-rail) was quite silent.  I was listening to classical music for the first time on the train.  With earbuds, I had to put the volume level around 50%.  With the Sony MDR-EX71 model, I could to keep it around 40%.  The noise attenuation wasn't that good with the Sony model, but definitely better than earbuds (but the sound quality was quite terrible though.)Sound Quality:Superb sound.  The partnership with Etymotic Research is evident.  Everything sounded great:  rock, grunge, classical.  The Sonys sounded really muddy while these had a really bright sound with good bass (when the seal was good).  Very balanced sound.Superb sound.  The partnership with Etymotic Research is evident.  Everything sounded great:  rock, grunge, classical.  The Sonys sounded really muddy while these had a really bright sound with good bass (when the seal was good).  Very balanced sound.Cord/Construction:I string my earphones through an REI One jacket, so this was more or less perfect length.  The cord is symmetric so it's not weirdly strung behind your neck like the Sonys, and the connection to the ear pieces is solid, not fragile-looking like the ER6.  The earphones connect to the replaceable eartips very tightly.  The included case is ridiculous though; it's way too bulky for portability.I string my earphones through an REI One jacket, so this was more or less perfect length.  The cord is symmetric so it's not weirdly strung behind your neck like the Sonys, and the connection to the ear pieces is solid, not fragile-looking like the ER6.  The earphones connect to the replaceable eartips very tightly.  The included case is ridiculous though; it's way too bulky for portability.Comfort/Fit:Sadly, this is primary reason I'm returning these.  Both the flanged rubber tips and the included foam tips were too big.  The foam models got the seal, but they were too big, so I felt an uncomfortable amount of pressure in my ear canals.  Those were my only two options with the included package.  The other problem is that I cannot find replacements that are smaller, anywhere on the web, including the Altec Lansing site.Sadly, this is primary reason I'm returning these.  Both the flanged rubber tips and the included foam tips were too big.  The foam models got the seal, but they were too big, so I felt an uncomfortable amount of pressure in my ear canals.  Those were my only two options with the included package.  The other problem is that I cannot find replacements that are smaller, anywhere on the web, including the Altec Lansing site.Documentation:Another reason I am returning these is the documentation.  The manual says that I can get replacement ear tips and accessories at alteclansing.com/inmotionearphones, and I get a 404 error when I visit the link.  That is pretty pathetic.Another reason I am returning these is the documentation.  The manual says that I can get replacement ear tips and accessories at alteclansing.com/inmotionearphones, and I get a 404 error when I visit the link.  That is pretty pathetic.Update:  (1/19/2006)I emailed Altec Lansing regarding this issue on 1/10/2006, and I have yet to get a response from them.Update:  (1/19/2006)I emailed Altec Lansing regarding this issue on 1/10/2006, and I have yet to get a response from them.Bottom Line:If you have large ears, these may suit you.  But if you know that you have smaller ears, then stay away from these, and go for something else
 I bought these to replace the standard iPod and Sony ear buds.  I was under the impression that I would get a much deeper bass response.  I was wrong.  The bass reproduction is simply horrid.  I read somewhere there is a "break-in" period.  I have found this not to be true.  They sound just as bad after 50 hours of listening as they did brand new.  This is my first pair of Sennheiser and am very disappointed.  I know they are low-end headphones - but I expected more.  My recommendation is to keep researching
 Cons: Defect: the backlight does not work. Shortcoming: has Palm OS 3.1, an early version for Handspring Visors.Neutral: (expedited) Shipping time: 5 daysPros: Price PricePS: Vendor customer support contacted me and provided a replacement unit with a working backlight, free of additional charge :)
 Item was advertised as white, but it was really grey. As a result we had to return item and assume the cost of mailing it back
 I bought this phone for use in my home office based on the rave reviews on this site for its speakerphone.  Unfortunately, I have had nothing but repeated complaints that the voice is distorted or goes in and out, with the beginnings and ends of sentences frequently cut off.  I am in the market for another phone after just 2 months
 During the installation of the software on my PC running Windows 2000 Server, the installation program froze my PC completely. I had to turn off the PC, and now it does nothing when I turn it on. The lights on the front light up, but nothing happens at all. I called Netgear, waited on hold for 15 minutes, and then was connected to a gentleman whose English was not very good. I explained my problem about 5 times before he seemed to get it. He told me that the problem is that the product is not compatible with Win 2000 Server. I told him that I had never before encountered a piece of software that ran on 2000 Pro, but not 2000 Server (perhaps there are some), but he insisted that this was the case. I explained that, typically, installation programs that encounter and incompatible operating system would display a message to the user, and exit, rather than freezing and disabling the computer, but he held firm, and advised me that there was nothing he could do to help, and that he recommended that I contact my computer vendor so that they could restore my initial configuration. During the installation of the software on my PC running Windows 2000 Server, the installation program froze my PC completely. I had to turn off the PC, and now it does nothing when I turn it on. The lights on the front light up, but nothing happens at all. I called Netgear, waited on hold for 15 minutes, and then was connected to a gentleman whose English was not very good. I explained my problem about 5 times before he seemed to get it. He told me that the problem is that the product is not compatible with Win 2000 Server. I told him that I had never before encountered a piece of software that ran on 2000 Pro, but not 2000 Server (perhaps there are some), but he insisted that this was the case. I explained that, typically, installation programs that encounter and incompatible operating system would display a message to the user, and exit, rather than freezing and disabling the computer, but he held firm, and advised me that there was nothing he could do to help, and that he recommended that I contact my computer vendor so that they could restore my initial configuration. I went around and around with this fellow, then finally asked for his supervisor. After another 15 minutes on hold, another guy came on the line, who was pretty fluent in English. He explained his understanding of the situation, which was still wrong, and I explained the whole thing again to him. He had me turn the computer on and off, which of course I had already done several times, and check the monitor connection. After this analysis, he determined that the situation could not possibly have been the result of the frozen software installation that occurred just prior to it, and must be some other problem with my PC that had previously been working perfectly, that, coincidently, occurred at the exact same time as the software freeze. I expressed skepticism towards this explanation, and asked him if he would believe that if it was his PC. He said that absolutely he would, and reassured me that there was NO POSSIBLE WAY, (emphasis his) that his software could have caused these symptoms. I went around and around with this fellow, then finally asked for his supervisor. After another 15 minutes on hold, another guy came on the line, who was pretty fluent in English. He explained his understanding of the situation, which was still wrong, and I explained the whole thing again to him. He had me turn the computer on and off, which of course I had already done several times, and check the monitor connection. After this analysis, he determined that the situation could not possibly have been the result of the frozen software installation that occurred just prior to it, and must be some other problem with my PC that had previously been working perfectly, that, coincidently, occurred at the exact same time as the software freeze. I expressed skepticism towards this explanation, and asked him if he would believe that if it was his PC. He said that absolutely he would, and reassured me that there was NO POSSIBLE WAY, (emphasis his) that his software could have caused these symptoms. Since I understood that it would be difficult for him to actually fix a computer in this state over the phone, I suggested that I could take it to a local technician, and send Netgear the bill for repairing my system. He declined that offer.Since I understood that it would be difficult for him to actually fix a computer in this state over the phone, I suggested that I could take it to a local technician, and send Netgear the bill for repairing my system. He declined that offer.So, at the end of the day, I'm left with a dead PC, but, according to Netgear, a perfectly good wireless card and installation CD. So, at the end of the day, I'm left with a dead PC, but, according to Netgear, a perfectly good wireless card and installation CD. No more Netgear for me, thank you!
 I am totally stunned that this could be sold as iPOD compatible.  Nothing, absolutely nothing, works as you would intuitively think it would.  Pause does not pause, forward arrow does not forward to the next track (just starts the same track over and over again), and heaven help you if you actually want to find a specific song or artist.  There is no way to actually speed through a menu - you have to advance one artist at a time.  This is fine if you love Aaron Neville but chances are you will be in a limb severing accident if you are trying to get to ZZ Top.  I am taking this back tomorrow and demanding something that will allow me to control my iPod again from my iPod
 I guess for $50, this is an ok product.  I am usually very against monster products, but I'd seen this for almost double at big box retailers, needed a surge protector for my new DLP tv, so figured what the heck.  It arrived without incident, I hooked it up and so far so good.  It basically a power strip with labels that also happens to be purple... for the "neato" effect I guess.  Anyways, no idea if its worth more than your run of the mill surge protector.  But the claims of independent circuitry to minimize cross-interference is what I was really interested in, as I have my reciever, cable box, DVD player, and subwoofer all connected...  All in all a good buy I guess, at least you paid a lot less than retail... :
 I bought one of these a few months ago. It worked perfectly with my old Thinkpad, but not long thereafter I got a Thinkpad T60, thinking, "Hey, universal means universal, of course it will work". But no: SIX MONTHS after the T60 was introduced, Kensington STILL hasn't gotten their act together to produce a "SmartTip" for it. They haven't even added Lenovo to the list of manufacturers on their web site! All Customer Service can say is that they don't have one, they don't know when or if they ever will, and they suggest that I check back on the website someday if I still hold out any hope. So, I have a $100 brick on my hands. Very disappointing, Kensington.I bought one of these a few months ago. It worked perfectly with my old Thinkpad, but not long thereafter I got a Thinkpad T60, thinking, "Hey, universal means universal, of course it will work". But no: SIX MONTHS after the T60 was introduced, Kensington STILL hasn't gotten their act together to produce a "SmartTip" for it. They haven't even added Lenovo to the list of manufacturers on their web site! All Customer Service can say is that they don't have one, they don't know when or if they ever will, and they suggest that I check back on the website someday if I still hold out any hope. So, I have a $100 brick on my hands. Very disappointing, Kensington.It's really too bad: the unit is lightweight, sleek, and functional, and (unlike some reviewrs) I think the 5-inch cord was brilliant (and it doesn't get tangled up in my briefcase). The cables are much nicer than on my 70-watt iGo supply, and the connectors don't break like they did on the iGo. And it's not like there's some technical problem: the T60 needs 20 volts, 90 watts, well within the 24-volt, 120-watt capability of this unit.  However, six months delay in supporting a major business computer brand is just unforgivable, so I can no longer recommend it
 I wanted to get something better than the standard earphones for my Ipod.I saw some good reviews and this brand has been known always for great headphones.  Bought these and was shocked at the terrible sound quality.  Yes, the sound is clean, but TOO clean.  The highs are too high leading to tinny and over-brassy sound.  Voices have too much hiss.  There is virtually no low end bass of any type.  Very disappointing
 dvds are less than 30 dollars now with 16x speedand look at amazon ,it is still selling then above 40 (only 8x speed
 Then buy these Ridata Disc
 Bought 100 DVD blanks - so far every one a coaster.  Never had this kind of problems with any type of discs.  Tried different software and burn speeds but nothing good.  Very disappointed - at least they were cheap (...). 
 I am looking for a system to replace a Siemens 8825.The 8825 has, in my opinion, the best set of functions of anythingcurrently available but I have some reliability issues with it. I first tried the Motorola 7081 and found that unsatisfactory. My next attempt was the Panasonic KX-TG6700B. This phone has decent volume and clarity at the base. The handset has good clarity and range but the volume could use a little help. The base layout is ok but the way you turn on the answering machine at the base is silly. The handset feels light and chintzy. The clarity of the outgoing messages on the answering machine is poor.  The base is ugly; what were they thinking? Anyway, it ok, not wonderful. But since I couldn't get the answering machine to save messages on either line (it's defective) I sent it back. Back to the drawing board
 it did not work at all and Amazon would not take it back saying it was my responsibility that it did not work. I would never buy this or any other product from this seller
 I was excited about consolidating 3 remote controls I regularly use plus my fan and light controls.  However, the Harmony 890 has proved to be a big disappointment.  I was much better off with the 3 remotes I was using before.  It was much simpler than fooling with the Harmony remote which requires so many key presses for basic functions.  I never have been able to get the Harmony to control the fan and lights.I was excited about consolidating 3 remote controls I regularly use plus my fan and light controls.  However, the Harmony 890 has proved to be a big disappointment.  I was much better off with the 3 remotes I was using before.  It was much simpler than fooling with the Harmony remote which requires so many key presses for basic functions.  I never have been able to get the Harmony to control the fan and lights.Some reviewers have said that you just need to take time to do the programming properly.  Even if you do, in my case it's just easier to juggle my 3 remotes and press ONE button to do what it would take with SEVERAL key presses on the Harmony.Some reviewers have said that you just need to take time to do the programming properly.  Even if you do, in my case it's just easier to juggle my 3 remotes and press ONE button to do what it would take with SEVERAL key presses on the Harmony.My Harmony is now going to sit with the other remotes I never use and I'll just stick to the 3 that work for me
 Before you buy this drive, be sure to Google "Cypress AT2LP RC42" and "western digital".Before you buy this drive, be sure to Google "Cypress AT2LP RC42" and "western digital".Until yesterday, I recommended this drive to everyone. Then my drive failed, prompting me for new hardware and to install a driver for Cypress AT2LP RC42. It appears that there is a chip in the drive housing manufactured by Cypress that is failing in drives left and right. (Class action suit anyone?)Until yesterday, I recommended this drive to everyone. Then my drive failed, prompting me for new hardware and to install a driver for Cypress AT2LP RC42. It appears that there is a chip in the drive housing manufactured by Cypress that is failing in drives left and right. (Class action suit anyone?)The Western Digital support staff is no help. Act like they have never heard of this error. Offer no option to just switch out the housing. Will replace drive- but you lose all the data. There are $30 replacement housings available - but you void your warranty. The Western Digital support staff is no help. Act like they have never heard of this error. Offer no option to just switch out the housing. Will replace drive- but you lose all the data. There are $30 replacement housings available - but you void your warranty. Bottom line - if you buy this drive, be prepared for it to fail. Keep everything backed up, because there will come a day that this drive will fail
 While convenient and a nice, lightweight unit, the voice pickup is very poor, regardless of how you adjust the set.  This is not only with the set I have used, but with others I have talked to - you can tell if the person on the other end of the phone is using one of these units because they are so faint.  I've gotten so I just ask if they're using a Plantronics CS50 when they are faint and the answer is invariably "yes".  Also, if you are in a building with a lot of exposed metal (window/door frames, high cubicles with lots of metal), the range deteriorates significantly
 For some years I tried this and other Monster products, to the tune of over $1000 in Monster a/v gear. The more you learn about video and audio, the more you'll avoid anything with the Monster label. Specifically, this s-video meets no NTSC, DVD or IEEE standard; it is common 30-ohm hookup wire with ineffective shielding and a poorly designed, low-conductance connect plug that can wreck your input jacks and gives poor grounding. Has a sharp image, but includes a catalog of chromatic aberrations from off-color skin tones to color blotching, dirty grays, burned highlights, murky shadows, noisy reds, and poor color balance due to impedance mismatching that results in cyan errors and bleeding reds. Makes video test patterns look great, but who watches test patterns all day? Amazon offers many other brands at good prices, why waste your $$ on this stuff? I removed every piece of Monster from my system and replaced them with AR, Belden, Viewsonics and others from Amazon. Result: vast improvement in every respect.
 I recently purchased this item from Sharper Image and was very disappointed. I recently purchased this item from Sharper Image and was very disappointed. The video is faint, grainy (even in strong lighting), and out of focus once you are more than 2 feet away from the camera. Colors all but disappear. It's practically black-and-white video.The video is faint, grainy (even in strong lighting), and out of focus once you are more than 2 feet away from the camera. Colors all but disappear. It's practically black-and-white video.The power supply weighs more than the device itself (one pound, including cord) and is HUGE. It also gets very warm after an hour or so. The power supply weighs more than the device itself (one pound, including cord) and is HUGE. It also gets very warm after an hour or so. I've tested this product in every type of lighting situation and the results have been unsatisfactory in all cases. The only thing the device does well is detect motion.
 I bought this adapter along with the Linksys WRT54GL Broadband Router.  I managed to set them up and install them properly.  (The best advice I got from the "Home Networking for Dummies" book was to get a 100 foot Cat5e patch cable so that I could put my router in the place I where I wanted it, and hook it up with a wired connection first.  I actually only needed a 50 foot cable, and got it for $20 from a local electronics supply store.)I bought this adapter along with the Linksys WRT54GL Broadband Router.  I managed to set them up and install them properly.  (The best advice I got from the "Home Networking for Dummies" book was to get a 100 foot Cat5e patch cable so that I could put my router in the place I where I wanted it, and hook it up with a wired connection first.  I actually only needed a 50 foot cable, and got it for $20 from a local electronics supply store.)So I got everything up and running (remember to install your router first, and then your network adapter), surfed the internet for awhile, and then shut down my computer.  Here's where the trouble started....So I got everything up and running (remember to install your router first, and then your network adapter), surfed the internet for awhile, and then shut down my computer.  Here's where the trouble started....As other reviewers have noted, the Linksys installation makes changes to your Windows XP configuration, de-activating the Welcome screen and the feature Microsoft calls "Fast User Switching."  This happens with no warning.As other reviewers have noted, the Linksys installation makes changes to your Windows XP configuration, de-activating the Welcome screen and the feature Microsoft calls "Fast User Switching."  This happens with no warning.When I went to turn on my computer again, I got a new start-up screen for Windows, demanding a password.  I freaked out, because I don't remember ever setting a password for Windows.  I called Linksys, and was extremely unimpressed with their customer support.  The young woman seemed to be amused by my problem, and was actually laughing at me.  She began to start me through the process of completely re-setting the router to the factory settings (this would NOT have helped).When I went to turn on my computer again, I got a new start-up screen for Windows, demanding a password.  I freaked out, because I don't remember ever setting a password for Windows.  I called Linksys, and was extremely unimpressed with their customer support.  The young woman seemed to be amused by my problem, and was actually laughing at me.  She began to start me through the process of completely re-setting the router to the factory settings (this would NOT have helped).What finally helped was figuring out (with no help from Linksys) that if you never set a password for your Windows XP logon, all you have to do is hit "Enter" at the password prompt.  That's all there is.  Linksys could have told me this, or better yet, warned before installation that these changes to Windows XP would take place and suggest setting up a User Password in advance.What finally helped was figuring out (with no help from Linksys) that if you never set a password for your Windows XP logon, all you have to do is hit "Enter" at the password prompt.  That's all there is.  Linksys could have told me this, or better yet, warned before installation that these changes to Windows XP would take place and suggest setting up a User Password in advance.Another gripe about this network adapter and the Linksys router--neither came with instruction manuals.  There is a 60-page instruction manual on the CD rom that comes with the product, but you'll have to print it out yourself (Do it before you install or try installing the product).  In the case of the router, I also had to do deep searching to actually find the instruction manual on the CD-ROM--it wanted to start up the Setup Wizard automatically and the instruction manual was not easy to access from the CD-ROM.  I guess this may be the norm now with computer hardware, but it still stinks.Another gripe about this network adapter and the Linksys router--neither came with instruction manuals.  There is a 60-page instruction manual on the CD rom that comes with the product, but you'll have to print it out yourself (Do it before you install or try installing the product).  In the case of the router, I also had to do deep searching to actually find the instruction manual on the CD-ROM--it wanted to start up the Setup Wizard automatically and the instruction manual was not easy to access from the CD-ROM.  I guess this may be the norm now with computer hardware, but it still stinks.I do not recommend the Linksys WUSB54GC, primarily because of the unannounced changes it makes to the Windows XP system, and because of Linksys' non-existent or non-functional and rude customer support
 I have owned the TomTom Navigator 5 for almost a year now.  While the program is well thought out and provides a good function, it does not work well with my Tungsten T5.  I have contacted customer service 4 times now and they have always been helpful in trying to fix my issues (listed below), but to no avail.  I have owned the TomTom Navigator 5 for almost a year now.  While the program is well thought out and provides a good function, it does not work well with my Tungsten T5.  I have contacted customer service 4 times now and they have always been helpful in trying to fix my issues (listed below), but to no avail.  Some of the issues I have had:Some of the issues I have had:Any time the software has to redirect or think, it locks up.  If I stay on the original planned route, it sometimes works properly...Any time the software has to redirect or think, it locks up.  If I stay on the original planned route, it sometimes works properly...In a 30 minute trip from Orange County to Long Beach, I had to pull over 7 times to reset my device after the software locked up.In a 30 minute trip from Orange County to Long Beach, I had to pull over 7 times to reset my device after the software locked up.Voices lock up mid sentence giving a stuttering sound until you are able to pull your car over to reset the device.Voices lock up mid sentence giving a stuttering sound until you are able to pull your car over to reset the device.In a 20 minute trip from San Francisco to Oakland the device locked up 5 times.  I finally gave up and called a friend to guide me.In a 20 minute trip from San Francisco to Oakland the device locked up 5 times.  I finally gave up and called a friend to guide me.Bear in mind, I have had no problems with my T5 in the 1.5 years of ownership...it is only with this software.  Customer service has acknowledged the problems and given solutions that have solved little to nothing.  Bear in mind, I have had no problems with my T5 in the 1.5 years of ownership...it is only with this software.  Customer service has acknowledged the problems and given solutions that have solved little to nothing.  In summary, it's not worth spending the money to have to print out Mapquest directions to have when the device crashes...stick with Mapquest
   Essentially once TomTom has your money they're finished with you . . . until you want to spend more money with them.  Essentially once TomTom has your money they're finished with you . . . until you want to spend more money with them.  The product is okay. The map data is from TeleAtlas, a vendor to many of the map software producers. What makes TomTom different is its GUI (Graphic User Interface) that the user interacts with. It really is a work of art most of the time. The map presentations are rich and may be viewed as 3D or 2D. The planning interface is icon driven and easy-to-use. Unfortunately TomTom really didn't think it all the way through.  The product is okay. The map data is from TeleAtlas, a vendor to many of the map software producers. What makes TomTom different is its GUI (Graphic User Interface) that the user interacts with. It really is a work of art most of the time. The map presentations are rich and may be viewed as 3D or 2D. The planning interface is icon driven and easy-to-use. Unfortunately TomTom really didn't think it all the way through.  There are several irritants, all of which vie for first place. One is that TomTom doesn't give you the option of using its maps without a GPS. There are many instances where I know where I am begining from and going to and I don't need a GPS fix. TomTom ignores such desires and annoyingly keeps prompting for you to start your Bluetooth connection. There is one mode that you can use to plan a route without a GPS and it simply doesn't work very well, often informing you that TomTom can't route you from a point beginning on an interstate to another point further along the same highway. That's just plain dumb. This is a mapping application. If I want to use these expensive maps for walking directions without a GPS, I should be able to. TomTom certainly doesn't think so.  There are several irritants, all of which vie for first place. One is that TomTom doesn't give you the option of using its maps without a GPS. There are many instances where I know where I am begining from and going to and I don't need a GPS fix. TomTom ignores such desires and annoyingly keeps prompting for you to start your Bluetooth connection. There is one mode that you can use to plan a route without a GPS and it simply doesn't work very well, often informing you that TomTom can't route you from a point beginning on an interstate to another point further along the same highway. That's just plain dumb. This is a mapping application. If I want to use these expensive maps for walking directions without a GPS, I should be able to. TomTom certainly doesn't think so.  Another irritant is the documentation. Probably in an effort to make TomTom appealing to the casual user, the documentation is dog simple . . . and often wrong. It appears that they didn't update the documentation to the newest version.  Another irritant is the documentation. Probably in an effort to make TomTom appealing to the casual user, the documentation is dog simple . . . and often wrong. It appears that they didn't update the documentation to the newest version.  Although you can load maps by region, TomTom makes no allowance for travelling from one region to another. You have to calculate your route to the ending point within one region and then begin it anew in the next region. Again, this strikes me as a silly omission. If you are in Wisconsin, which is one region, and drive to Minnesota, which is in another, you have to create two routes. Not bright.  Although you can load maps by region, TomTom makes no allowance for travelling from one region to another. You have to calculate your route to the ending point within one region and then begin it anew in the next region. Again, this strikes me as a silly omission. If you are in Wisconsin, which is one region, and drive to Minnesota, which is in another, you have to create two routes. Not bright.  There are a number of idiosyncracies, anomalies and bugs that drive me up a wall. However, overall, TomTom is still better than the competition. It computes routes quickly (when it is capable of figuring a route at all). Annoying, however, it tends to prefer expressways, regardless of your preferences. In a major metro area laced with expressways going in all directions, this can create some incredibly convoluted - and ridiculous - routes. Creating alternative and more logical routes is possible, but tedious.  There are a number of idiosyncracies, anomalies and bugs that drive me up a wall. However, overall, TomTom is still better than the competition. It computes routes quickly (when it is capable of figuring a route at all). Annoying, however, it tends to prefer expressways, regardless of your preferences. In a major metro area laced with expressways going in all directions, this can create some incredibly convoluted - and ridiculous - routes. Creating alternative and more logical routes is possible, but tedious.  The worst part of the TomTom experience is its customer support. Well, perhaps support is the wrong word for it. I encountered two problems installing the software. It was obviously that the tech support person was clueless and was simply guessing and grasping at straws. (I had resolved the issues before the rep called and already knew what the problem was.) The TomTom rep didn't listen, kept interrupting and when it was pointed out that he was contradicting the manual, he just kept moving. (The manual in at least one instance was correct and the rep wrong.)  The worst part of the TomTom experience is its customer support. Well, perhaps support is the wrong word for it. I encountered two problems installing the software. It was obviously that the tech support person was clueless and was simply guessing and grasping at straws. (I had resolved the issues before the rep called and already knew what the problem was.) The TomTom rep didn't listen, kept interrupting and when it was pointed out that he was contradicting the manual, he just kept moving. (The manual in at least one instance was correct and the rep wrong.)  The TomTom packaging itself arrived in broken condition. The rep denied it was their packaging, claiming that I must have bought a third-party repackaged product. Talk about insulting: I have the package in front of me with the TomTom labels, the whole works and this guy is telling me that my lying eyes are deceiving me?  The TomTom packaging itself arrived in broken condition. The rep denied it was their packaging, claiming that I must have bought a third-party repackaged product. Talk about insulting: I have the package in front of me with the TomTom labels, the whole works and this guy is telling me that my lying eyes are deceiving me?  A fax to TomTom management about my experiences has gone unanswered more than a week later.  A fax to TomTom management about my experiences has gone unanswered more than a week later.  TomTom is riding high right now but I suspect in a couple of years as competitors introduce better products with better support that TomTom will be history. It won't be the first company that offered a good-enough product without support and possesing contempt for its customers to disappear and it won't be the last.  TomTom is riding high right now but I suspect in a couple of years as competitors introduce better products with better support that TomTom will be history. It won't be the first company that offered a good-enough product without support and possesing contempt for its customers to disappear and it won't be the last.  I know that if I find a marginally better product with adequate support, I'd abandon TomTom in a flash.  I know that if I find a marginally better product with adequate support, I'd abandon TomTom in a flash.Jerr
 The TomTom Navigator is a nice enough device, until you get to the Maps activation. The Maps activation? Why should I have to activate my maps if I have paid for the product? Good question, well, I activated these maps on one PDA, and within 2 weeks my PDA died and I had to obtain warranty service. Well, I decided that I would upgrade to a new device and then sell my old device when I got it back from the manufacturers (I tend to switch my PDA every 3-4 months anyway).The TomTom Navigator is a nice enough device, until you get to the Maps activation. The Maps activation? Why should I have to activate my maps if I have paid for the product? Good question, well, I activated these maps on one PDA, and within 2 weeks my PDA died and I had to obtain warranty service. Well, I decided that I would upgrade to a new device and then sell my old device when I got it back from the manufacturers (I tend to switch my PDA every 3-4 months anyway).So I installed the maps on the new device and it asked me to activate. OK, I figure...no problem, I will be able to activate it 1...2...3 because after all, only I have the activation card/code. No such luck, TomTom wants PROOF that I have brought a new device? what kind of nonsense is that? What if I lost my PDA in 2-3 months? What if I'm a nut who likes to change PDA's every 3-4 months? What, you mean I have to show you proof that I switched? Isn't the fact that I have the activation card proof enough? I don't know too many people who pay $269 for a product and let other people use the activation codes.So I installed the maps on the new device and it asked me to activate. OK, I figure...no problem, I will be able to activate it 1...2...3 because after all, only I have the activation card/code. No such luck, TomTom wants PROOF that I have brought a new device? what kind of nonsense is that? What if I lost my PDA in 2-3 months? What if I'm a nut who likes to change PDA's every 3-4 months? What, you mean I have to show you proof that I switched? Isn't the fact that I have the activation card proof enough? I don't know too many people who pay $269 for a product and let other people use the activation codes.Avoid them at all costs. You will regret your purchase if you change devices frequently.Avoid them at all costs. You will regret your purchase if you change devices frequently.One other problem with this product...out of the box it is not 100% compatible with Windows Mobile 5 devices (most of the new Axims are WM5. You really have to break your back to install on these devices.One other problem with this product...out of the box it is not 100% compatible with Windows Mobile 5 devices (most of the new Axims are WM5. You really have to break your back to install on these devices.Avoid
 I agree, this is a flimsy piece of plastic that will not hold the GPS unit over a few little bumps. I expected more from Garmin. Consider this: Touratech Mount for Garmin 60C series. Its a solid unit. It costs a little more but you won't be replacing your GPS unit due to it falling to the ground.
    My company car has a built-in GPS unit and I have gotten to like it, sort-of.  I have gotten lost in a rental car trolling around Silicon Valley enough to get a portable GPS unit.  After some research, the Garmin iQue 3600 is what I ended up with and I paid about $700.  The unique feature of this portable GPS unit is that a PalmPilot comes integrated into the package.   I use a PalmPilot, so this GPS unit replaces my PalmV.    Installation was quite awkward, and getting it up and running was a chore.   I got the thing synced up and some maps loaded and have been using it for several months now.  It does do the job, fitfully, and has several glaring issues.  Most irritating, the Palm function and the GPS function are not seamlessly integrated.  If an address is entered in the Palm part and then route to this address is selected, the iQue 3600 makes you find the location.  But the address from the Palm section doesn't transfer cleanly into the find section and you must retype the address.  I'm left-handed and graffiti has NEVER worked for me all my letters are drawn backward.  The GPS can be engaged as soon as it recognizes where you want to go, but my unit takes a good 5-10 minutes to find the satellites when first exposed to sky.   This means that I must have a good idea what to do for the first 5-10 minutes.  Sometimes I just drive randomly until the GPS locks in and starts to issue navigation orders.  Also, the antenna must be deployed to get any GPS reception and must be forward enough in the windshield to see sky.  This is OK, except that the iQue 3600 doesn't tell you that the antenna has not been deployed.     The iQue 3600 does not work propped up on the passenger seat so a 5 pound holder is necessary to hold the unit on the dashboard.  If the antenna is not deployed, the iQue 3600 simply doesn't navigate and doesn't tell you why.  Worse, it acts stupid by going into a dangerous and unhelpful simulate mode.  If I ever figure out what that means, Ill tell you in a future post.  I figured out the antenna problem the hard way in an ice storm outside of Ottawa.  I'm a fan of GUI design, and I must say that the UI here is very, very bad.  Not the worse I have ever seen, but very bad:  non-intuitive, inconsistent, and arbitrary.  The FIND function/button has an entirely different function in the GPS section from the Palm section.  Of course, the same icon is used.  I cannot imagine grandma using this thing to navigate.  What little there is of the very pretty documentation is atrocious.  About 10 times more information is needed here.  It shuts down randomly on occasion for no apparent purpose (Battery savings maybe?).   The secure digital card is too small (max of 256MB), so you can't put more than a few California counties in the memory.  Maps storage is managed with a rather hostile GUI.  This is not fatal, but is irritating.  I would rather put a 1GB SD card in the iQue 3600 and be done with it.   The iQue 3600 burns too much power to be used as a portable, so it must always be tethered to the car or resting in the cradle.  I don't find the power issue to be a problem.  I understand that to get clear, bright screens it is necessary to use power.  I agree with the tradeoff here.
 Summary........good idea, very poor implementation.  Good software and easy to use, major problem is reception of radio stations.  I live in a major metropolitan area and have to practically stand on my head to get the radio shark to get clear reception (even with a plug in antennae)
 The price on the cases is cheap but you get what you pay for.  I will never buy these cases again.  Quite a few of them were broke when I got them.  Even the ones that weren't broke are made of VERY flimsy plastic and I have a feeling they will break if I open them very often.  They also don't open and shut very easy.  Look elsewhere for good cases
 I bought this and I'm sorry.  It sounds horrible.  Don't waste your money because you'll just have to buy another one anyway for any true enjoyment.  This crap is barely good enough for my bathroom
 They sell these at almost every dollar store, sure the sound quality might not be quite as good, but you're going to have signal loss whatever you hook it up to. These things sell for $1.50 CAN at  dollar stores and are worth every penny of THAT pric
 Alright before I begin let me just say I know quite a bit about wireless networking.  I had already connected 2 wireless pc's to my 128 bit WEP encrypted router.  I had initially set it up as WPA but opted to change it as this hunk of junk doesn't support WPA.  This card will detect your network no problem, just try connecting to it.  Apparently I am typing in the wrong WEP pass.... I can assure you I am not.  Perhaps there is an issue between Micro$oft and D-link I am unaware of...go figure.  I do not have the time nor patience to deal with Micro$oft's customer support regarding this issue.  Back to the store this goes.  Do yourself a favour and do not buy this
 Microsoft has never failed to disappoint me, (I suppose there is something to be said for consistency) and this carries on that somewhat dubious tradition. I bought this with a the MN-700 wireless router, and both worked fine for a couple weeks. However, they both conspiratively proceeded to stop functioning. This card was the most maddening of the pair, because it would find the wireless network every once in a while, yet refuse to connect. I've tried every channel, and made sure its on infrastructure mode, but it still refuses to work. I suppose I deserve it, though, expecting that a microsoft wireless card would connect to a microsoft wireless router with a microsoft operating system. Do yourself a favor and buy your wireless networking from a decent company that has some expertise in networking, like Linksys or Belkin. Whatever you do, give as little money as possible to this shoddy company
 I returned this product after a week - it was difficult to manage, the screen way too small to read (and I have 20/10 vision!) and just a very disappointing product overall.  Do not waste your money.  I ended up buying a Samsung and I couldn't be more happy
 I just purchased this printer last night at BestBuy and took it home. When I removed the contents of the box, I noticed that the USB cord was not in there. I read the directions and said that you had to buy the cord separately. I couldn't believe it. So, I went to the store and bought one. This cost me an additional $11. I went home, installed the software and plugged everything in. I printed off a few things and it looked great. Today, I went to use the printer again and the power woudn't turn on! I disconnected then reconnected everything and still no power! I tried several more things and still couldn't turn the power on. Now I have to return it to BestBuy. This was the first and last time I will ever buy anything from HP!!
 We purchased this system less than two years ago.  It has seen light to moderate use.  Several days ago, the speakers started intermittently cutting out. This afternoon, the subwoofer popped several times--then caught fire!  Fortunately, my son was able to extinguish the flames before much damage was done.  Beware!!!!
 I do not recommend Sennheiser's MX75 headphones.I do not recommend Sennheiser's MX75 headphones.First, the good features:1. As with all Sennheiser products, these earphones deliver first rate sound for its price range.2. The earphones are very comfortable and easy to fit properly using the included pads.3. Once inserted in the ear, these earphones will not fall out due to vibration, movement or sweating.3. Once inserted in the ear, these earphones will not fall out due to vibration, movement or sweating.However, the cord has ugly problems:1. The cord is unusually stiff and consequently tends to be tough to manage. This is especially true when the phones are first removed from the package, as the cord maintains a sort of corkscrew shape for quite some time.2. The cord running to the right earphone is substantially longer than the one connecting to the left earphone. The result is annoying slack around the face and neck.3. The cord is the ugliest possible shade of green.3. The cord is the ugliest possible shade of green.All in all, should Sennheiser offer a new product using the same earphones, but with conventional wiring, I'll be a buyer. Until then, I've given up on using these lime green annoyances
 I bought this TV for my husband to take hunting but we can't get very many channels and the ones we do get have a terrible picture.   The TV is an awesome size and the design is really nice with a good size screen.  I didn't hook to cable so that may improve the picture but we don't have cable.  I tried programming the channels from two different locations 20 miles apart from each other.  I tried programming with the antenna on the TV and with separate rabbit ears.   It would only pick up one of the three local network stations.  It picked up maybe 8 other misc stations which aren't popular.   I couldn't get a good picture on any of the stations and I tried adjusting all the menu items, brightness, hue, etc.  It didn't even have a good black and white picture .... it was like a white screen with blurry images in the back.   Sooooo, sooo disappointed because I wanted to be able to use this at work too. 
 I wanted a keyboard that I could use in low light with both my PC and Mac, and this one is reasonably o.k. Those users who enjoy the backlight of a Mac PowerBook or MacBook Pro will be disappointed by the cheap approach Saitek used to illuminate the keys, though. On the Mac, each key has its own embedded light under the key. On the Saitek light is splashed under the entire keyboard, reducing the contrast and making it much harder to see the keys.  But it's better than nothing, and is helpful in low light. It would have also been nice if they had an Fn key, but such is life
 I purchased my Fuji CompactFlash xD Card Adapter elsewhere and it doesn't work in my HP officejet 7130 all-in-one.  It won't load in as it's supposed to but will fit correctly backwards.  Except then I get an amber light that says there is a card error.  This is supposed to work with my all-in-one but it doesn't.  For that reason, I'd give it a zero star rating if such a rating existed.  I'm going to take this CP version back and hope the more updated CPF version works.  I'm a travel writer planning to take my own photos to go with my articles, but I'm getting nowhere fast with this card adapter that refuses to work properly.  This one is definitely a thumbs down.  However, this is my first dud Fuji product I've bought and I love Fuji digital cameras
 Mine worked fine for about a month before it stopped working. dealing with D-Link isn't a pleasure either. Don't get it. Get something better. Spend a little more, avoid the hassles
 IF YOU HAVE A TEKXON DIGITAL CAMERA DO NOT GET THIS because when you put the memory card in and you turn the camera on the screen goes black! IF YOU HAVE A TEKXON DIGITAL CAMERA DO NOT GET THIS because when you put the memory card in and you turn the camera on the screen goes black! 
 My brother got a Lexar for Christmas.  He put it in his Tungsten C and for 30 stressful minutes the card did not work.  The device recognized the card, but you could not copy, format, nothing... just got an error &quot;This card is read only and cannot be &lt;whatever&gt;.&quot;  Then all of a sudden it started working.  2 stars for the stress and for the fear that it will stop working again
 Everything your read about the picture quality is true... however, this product just isn't reliable.  Cost me another $600 to get it fixed and it isn't even 18 months old. I am sure I am not alone since you can see these on that famous auction site may with similar power issues.  Customer service from this company is also very poor. If I had it to do over I would not have purchased this product and I probably should not have spent the money to get it fixed. I think it will be just a matter of time before some of these 5 star reviews begin to change their tune
 Like most have pointed out, it's a digital signal and there's no need for all the gas-injected, gold plated, shielded stuff monster cables hype.  For analog signals this stuff absolutely makes a difference because analog cables are highly affected by outside EM interference.Like most have pointed out, it's a digital signal and there's no need for all the gas-injected, gold plated, shielded stuff monster cables hype.  For analog signals this stuff absolutely makes a difference because analog cables are highly affected by outside EM interference.Some people have pointed out that monster cables are more durable.  So yes, if you plan on swinging around on your cables it might matter.  If, like most people, you plug the stuff in behind your equipment then leave it be for months and months, don't waste your money
 Bought this and plugged it in and backedup some files, went to transfer them to another computer and the drive was dead, I treid a few computers and no of them could regonize the drive. I guess I have one of the many "bad ones".. 
 Others have written about this phone not holding the charge, and I agree! I can't tell you how many times a call has gone dead in the middle of a conversation, with no warning, no low battery message. I've only had the phone since November. There is not a quick, convenient way to redail numbers--you have to choose from a list of options, 1-plus number, or the area code without the 1, or no 1 and no area code. No easy way to speed dial. Range is disappointing. I'm looking for a new phone. Back to Uniden or Panasonic
 After burning one coaster, I thought, it's just a fluke. I'll burn my first DVD in no time. I was wrong. After updating the firmware on my new Plextor DVD burner and downloading the latest version of Nero 6, I burned two more coasters.  Don't buy these unless you want pain and frustration
 Plays fine on the first layer. But picture will freeze during layer switch. I either have to stop or skip pass the chapter but picture will be jumping and pixellated, pretty much unwatchable.you have to skip at least couple chapter away from the layer switch to get a decent picture on your screen.don't waste your money. Buy verbatim instead. I never had any problem with that media.
 Dissapointing. The sping-loaded connectors at the back of the selector are not particularly strong, so thick or rigid cables under tension (e.g. twisted at odd angles) easily slip out. The depth of the connectors is also not great, so wires cannot be inserted very far to compensate for the lack of traction. Connections might be better using Monster Cables' own Angled Gold Pin connectors, but I didn't try those
 On the good side, it was easy to set up, and worked reasonably well if the phone (tried both cordless and corded) was plugged directly into unit. However, I could not get it to work on other phones in the house when I used the jack to plug it into the wall per the instructions (so it would work like a land line on any phone in the house). I do not have a land line, so it may just need a land line to work since you are supposed to be able to switch back and forth. I even tried disconnecting the line outside the house but that didn't work either. On the good side, it was easy to set up, and worked reasonably well if the phone (tried both cordless and corded) was plugged directly into unit. However, I could not get it to work on other phones in the house when I used the jack to plug it into the wall per the instructions (so it would work like a land line on any phone in the house). I do not have a land line, so it may just need a land line to work since you are supposed to be able to switch back and forth. I even tried disconnecting the line outside the house but that didn't work either. I experience sporatic dropped calls that were not present before installing this device. I contacted tech support and was sent a driver upgrade v 1.20 (not available from their website). This seemed to improve the dropped call situation a bit, but I still have more dropped calls than before. I experience sporatic dropped calls that were not present before installing this device. I contacted tech support and was sent a driver upgrade v 1.20 (not available from their website). This seemed to improve the dropped call situation a bit, but I still have more dropped calls than before. The dealbreaker for me was after I found out you had to be logged in as an administrator for it to work. With an "always on" internet connection, I was not willing to expose myself to that security risk
 I bought this a few weeks ago so that I could connect a cordless phone to my office computer and use Skype for my calling.  When it works, it works well, and the sound quality is fine.  Unfortunately, much of the time, it doesn't work.  It drops calls at random.  Customer support is dismal, I emailed them several days ago and didn't even get a response acknowledging the email, let alone a solution to my problem.  Just now I have tried reinstalling the drivers but that seems to be failing.  I bought this a few weeks ago so that I could connect a cordless phone to my office computer and use Skype for my calling.  When it works, it works well, and the sound quality is fine.  Unfortunately, much of the time, it doesn't work.  It drops calls at random.  Customer support is dismal, I emailed them several days ago and didn't even get a response acknowledging the email, let alone a solution to my problem.  Just now I have tried reinstalling the drivers but that seems to be failing.  We have a VoSky Call Center at home that so far has been working much better.  I bought the the DPH-50U because I was in a hurry and the store I was at only carried it, not the VoSky.  I wish I had waited and bought a second VoSky
 the connection keeps coming loose and now it doesnt work unless you hold it in place - useless and a waste of mone
 I really wanted to like this mouse but so far it has given me nothing but grief. If you plan on leaving your computer on for extended periods of time and then coming back to it to do some work you may find that your scroll wheel no longer scrolls pages. I have had to on several occasions unplug and replug in my mouse in order to get the scroll wheel working again. This is absolutely UNEXCEPTIBLE Logitech! What happened to Logitech? You used to be able to count on them for quality products now I am wondering if I should switch back to Micro$oft products. I may give the Micro$oft Laser Mouse 6000 a try and take the MX 400 back
 Like the forward/back buttons but they are located too far back on the body for comfort.  Like the scroll wheel and side-to-side scroll ability.  Pointer flickers a lot sometimes and often disappears over certain buttons.  Logitech website gives no help.Comes with an installation CD for a Logitech MX320 !!!  Be prepared for a 50MB download to install the MX400.  Almost makes Microsot look good
 I have the same issue as "Misleading Item Description" below.  The only reason I bought this is because I thought it was the complete set.  What good is a headset without the base?  I have the same issue as "Misleading Item Description" below.  The only reason I bought this is because I thought it was the complete set.  What good is a headset without the base?  WARNING! TigerDirect does not except returns on this headset; so now I must return the headset to TigerDirect, then buy the full unit from TigerDirect or I lose my $70. The headset with the base is about $35 more expensive than what I would have payed at BUY.COM.WARNING! TigerDirect does not except returns on this headset; so now I must return the headset to TigerDirect, then buy the full unit from TigerDirect or I lose my $70. The headset with the base is about $35 more expensive than what I would have payed at BUY.COM.I expect a lot more from Amazon.  Very, Very Disappointed
 I bought this Rikaline GPS 6010 a month ago. I tried to make it work for hundreds times, but it only worked once. Evertime when I turned on the GPS, it was always telling me it was initializing and then it just stopped working.I hate this thing because it embarrassed me before my friends.
 Mine actually works and I still hate it.Mine actually works and I still hate it.I haven't had all the problems others are complaining about.---I run Windows XP SP2 had no problems compatability.---Signal strength is fine.---I had no problem installing on one computer....except that I installed the card before running the CD, just like every other card or peripheral I have ever installed.  I've never seen one that didn't allow you to install hardware before drivers.  So I had to take it out, run CD and put back in.  Just a minor annoyance that cost 10 minutes.  But c'mon Linksys why the special order?  Most people that are willing to open the computer and install a card don't need instructions to know "take card and put in slot" and "insert disc", so they don't look at them.  At least they put a warning sticker about the installation order on the disk cover for us non-direction readers.  Annoying but no stars deducted for this.---Told Mom to buy one (this was before I had installed mine). Installed easy and it worked fine at first.  Now it connects to router but can't find internet (yes other computers connect to net through this router just fine).  Would think maybe firewall setting issue??? but I used to work then just stopped.  C'mon Linksys if your connected to the router how hard it is to find the internet.  Deduct 1 star.---Stupid software only supports hexidecimal passwords.  Of course my router also support standard alphabet and my password had some G-Z letters, so I had go change network password and update all devices attached to the network.  C'mon Linksys how hard it is to support A-Z. Annoying but no stars deducted.---SLOW SLOW SLOW SLOW TO CONNECT!!!!  On my other computers you hit connect and are online in 5-10 seconds.  This thing takes 30 seconds to a minute. Impatient, yes.  But still unacceptable.  Deduct 1 star.---Can't hibernate or sleep computer or card disables.  Only way to get it turned on again is to reboot.  So it's either leave computer on all day long, or reboot everytime I want go online.  Deduct 1 stars.--Overall bad product.  Deduct one star
 I bought two of these cards to go alongside my wrt54gs. I though that they should work great together since they are from the same manufacturer. Oh boy was I wrong.I bought two of these cards to go alongside my wrt54gs. I though that they should work great together since they are from the same manufacturer. Oh boy was I wrong.Even the though I get full bars with these cards, I get very flaky connections with them. I've tried many different settings and firmwares to try to rectify the problem. Many hours have been spent trying to get a stable connection. No dice, very flaky.Even the though I get full bars with these cards, I get very flaky connections with them. I've tried many different settings and firmwares to try to rectify the problem. Many hours have been spent trying to get a stable connection. No dice, very flaky.Other computers with different cards work fine with the wrt54gs and never dropout. So there is something about this card that just isn't right, and I can't imagine both cards being defective. I haven't tested them with another router, but if it can't work with a wrt54gs v3, then what's the point
 I got this toy for Christmas. Ilove it. I abanded this toy,and it got some brudle hits. It was still alive! Know I keep safe becuse I don't want it to die. I don't think this toy is a wast of money.Mine is ginger. It came with a silver/grey newborn kittin
 These speakers are o.k., but don't expect high sound quality (I bought these as refurbs, so maybe that is it, but when you turn up the volume, they don't sound good - I'd recommend going to a store and testing units before buying new).  Also, probably the biggest failure in my opinion is that they appear to be line of sight - that is, they fade in and out when you walk around the room.  This should not be a problem on this low bandwidth (but it is), perhaps the antenna needs a boost
 Too much static with snapping and popping - even after making all of the adjustments possible. The speakers are ONLY 10 feet away from the transmitter but still poor-to-marginal sound quality. Don't see how these could work 300 feet away(?) I do NOT recommend this product
 Cheap piece of junk. Probably has 2 cents of electronic parts in it. I'm returning it to Wallmart. It might work OK if you live like right next door to the broadcast transmitter. Otherwise it's just too weak in its signal pulling ability. Also, when I turn the gain dials, they don't seem like they are really variable. I think they are really just on/off switches disguised as variable dials, because i don't see any difference between medium gain and high gain on any of the channels. I'm going to now go to a REAL, serious electronics store and look for some SERIOUS tv electronics hardware instead of Wallmart garbage. I'm going to work on improving my roof antenna and its cabling and I'm going to try using a variable gain preamp if I can find one (a high quality one, not junk). I tried a preamp from Wallmart (which wasn't adjustable at all) and it did help a lot with UHF channels, but the VHF channels were much worse because it made the signal too strong. So I need a variable gain preamp, assuming there is such a thing. I would advise everyone to go read the information available on the internet about tv antennas and how to get the best picture with them. I did yesterday and there's a lot of good stuff I never knew before.
 I live in a particularly bad spot for TV reception and have been forced to use cable. This antenna brings in several local stations but the quality of the picture is unsatisfactory. So, unfortunately, for me it's either back to cable or try an amplified outside antenna.Miles Kenned
 Yeah, they claim this thing works with MS Powerpoint. But what they do not tell you is that it only works with PART of Powerpoint. It only works in Slide Mode. It does NOT work in Presentation View mode. Of course, most of my presentations are run in Presentation View mode.Yeah, they claim this thing works with MS Powerpoint. But what they do not tell you is that it only works with PART of Powerpoint. It only works in Slide Mode. It does NOT work in Presentation View mode. Of course, most of my presentations are run in Presentation View mode.SO the remote is useless. And they have no fix for it. They cannot even document that this is the case.SO the remote is useless. And they have no fix for it. They cannot even document that this is the case.I am going to look for something else. Maybe the Microsoft Remote.I am going to look for something else. Maybe the Microsoft Remote.***UPDATE******UPDATE***It's true, this presenter has problems with PowerPoint's Presenter View because in that mode PgUp and PgDown keys are used to scroll the notes. However, here's a neat trick I discovered that makes it work again: - Start the presentation in Presenter View - Pres "B" on your keyboard to show a blank screen - Click the mouse (anywhere in the blank screen) once to resume the presentation and then AGAIN to advance to the next slide - Magically, from this point on the presenter buttons work flawlessly. - Magically, from this point on the presenter buttons work flawlessly. 
 I wish the description had beem better. Somethimg like THIS PHONE NEEDS ANOTHER UNIT TO WORK! People who have never seen an expansion phone can be missled like I was. Returned item
 The Antenna did not work at all! Save your money!
 I recieved this unit 3 bussiness days after I ordered it. Fast shipping.To bad when i recieved it it only worked for 2 minutes!!! Sending back tomorrow, not sure if i want another one. Only comes with usb charger, no wall charger
 Phone seemed nice but I bought it to hang on a wall and it wouldn't due to manufacturing.
 All I wanted was something to make the incoming audio louder while listening to a call and typing during an interview. I couldn't find just a headset amp so I purchased this "system" based on Plantronics' good name. All I wanted was something to make the incoming audio louder while listening to a call and typing during an interview. I couldn't find just a headset amp so I purchased this "system" based on Plantronics' good name. Instead of just plugging it into the wall phone jack, you have to use a regular phone, route the receiver/handset cord to this, then back out to the receiver/handset again, which makes this light unit basically hamstrung between the headset and handset and doesn't want to sit on the desk without taping it down. Then you have to take the receiver/handset off the hook, place it on the desk (assuming you have desk space, which I don't) then push a button to start up the headset. Instead of just plugging it into the wall phone jack, you have to use a regular phone, route the receiver/handset cord to this, then back out to the receiver/handset again, which makes this light unit basically hamstrung between the headset and handset and doesn't want to sit on the desk without taping it down. Then you have to take the receiver/handset off the hook, place it on the desk (assuming you have desk space, which I don't) then push a button to start up the headset. Most importantly, listening sound quality was muffled and not very loud. If I turned up the incoming sound volume, it immediately put a loud annoying squeal of feedback into the microphone, making it totally unusable. Most importantly, listening sound quality was muffled and not very loud. If I turned up the incoming sound volume, it immediately put a loud annoying squeal of feedback into the microphone, making it totally unusable. I went back to my regular, unampflied Plantronics headset which just plugs into the wall phone and is always on with no extra cords, ac adapter, or buttons to push. I'm not very thrilled with that, but for $15 it sounds MUCH better and much louder, without the feedback or the hassles. So for now I guess I'll stick with that until I find something else that just improves the incoming sound
 I never even got a chance to listen to music through these headphones.  I couldn't get them to stay in/on my ears.  The loops that go around your ear are huge and just make them more cumbersome.  These may fit men with bigger ears better but I wouldn't recommend them for females
 I like the color and sony's technology of the earphone itself.But the hanger that should be placed on your ear is worthless.When I put the earphone in the ears, the hanger part is just hanging in the air, not supporting the earphone to be placed in and steady.Because of that, the earphones easily pop out of your ear
 The device is well built but has one major flaw.  The adhesive comes in 2 types, "removable" and "permanent" types.  Neither adhesive would stick to the dash of my Jeep Liberty.  I'm not sure what I'm going to do with it now, it appears as though I'm going to either have to find a more permanent mounting solution or find another type of adhesive
 After two weeks of use, I returned the mouse because 3 out of 4 times I tried to make a right click, it would not work. I eventually got frustrated and decided to return it.I'm sure it has to do with the way I use the mouse but I'm not planning on changing my angle or whatever it is that makes it fail. I think a regular 2 button mouse is just perfect.I wish this mouse had a real mechanical right button because it would be perfect.I LOVED the scroll wheel and will miss it greatly
 I had high hopes for this headset.  I found that I could not hear anything when I attached it to my Treo 650.  The Treo uses a standard plug.  I verified that my Treo is working by attaching a stereo headset
 My friend bought one and I tried to set it up for him.  Let me tell you, this thing is pure garbage.  I spent a good hour and a half trying to get it to work.  I tried to set it up using 2 laptops which were set up exactly how the booklet outlined.  The direct ethernet connection wouldn't work and connecting to it through wireless was spotty at best.  I could sometimes get into the setup page through wireless, but all of a sudden the setup page would stop working.My friend bought one and I tried to set it up for him.  Let me tell you, this thing is pure garbage.  I spent a good hour and a half trying to get it to work.  I tried to set it up using 2 laptops which were set up exactly how the booklet outlined.  The direct ethernet connection wouldn't work and connecting to it through wireless was spotty at best.  I could sometimes get into the setup page through wireless, but all of a sudden the setup page would stop working.Stay away from D-Link!  All their products are cheaply made and difficult to configure
 I got this print server about a month back. Initially it took me 4 hours to get this thing installed and running in the wireless mode! After I got it setup, it worked fine for a week. But, then the wireless connection with the print server got flaky, so I switched to the wired mode. All was well again, but then after a couple of weeks the wired connection got flaky. It stopped printing and didn't recognize my HP-1200. After fiddling around with it for a few hours I finally got the contraption working again.I got this print server about a month back. Initially it took me 4 hours to get this thing installed and running in the wireless mode! After I got it setup, it worked fine for a week. But, then the wireless connection with the print server got flaky, so I switched to the wired mode. All was well again, but then after a couple of weeks the wired connection got flaky. It stopped printing and didn't recognize my HP-1200. After fiddling around with it for a few hours I finally got the contraption working again.But, now my latest problem is that the print server prints garbage to the printer! Plugging the printer directly in to a computer works fine, but the print service somehow corrupts the data going to the printer and I end up with pages of garbage and error messages.But, now my latest problem is that the print server prints garbage to the printer! Plugging the printer directly in to a computer works fine, but the print service somehow corrupts the data going to the printer and I end up with pages of garbage and error messages.SUMMARY:This thing was a beast to set-up and every time something goes wrong, it takes a phenomenal amount of time to debug and correct. That's in addition to the questionable reliability of this device. I say steer clear of this thing. I'm now shopping for something better and never buying D-Link again
 This thing does a horrible job at detecting wifi networks. I have to be within 10 feet of my router to get a 50% signal (even though I can walk out tot he edge of my house and easily still get a good connection). If it does detect Bluetooth, which half the time it doesn't (regardless of it being active), it cancels out the wifi detection. So if you have a bluetooth headset, and you're talking, the thing will just let you know that yes, there is a bluetooth device around. Thanks. I was wondering
 My husband bought me this for Christmas because we were moving to a new city. He picked it out because unlike Garmin and Magellen it was created from the ground up for use on the road. The features are easy to use, the directions are great and when you need a new route because of roadblock or traffic - it really comes up with a great plan. However - my first one lasted 3 months before it died, I then replaced it with another one and it died 3 months later as well. I was very reluctant to buy a different brand - but had to for dependability. I still don't like my Garmin as much - but at least it works. Come on Tomtom - get the electronics working as well as the maps and directions
 I'm a longtime user of Wacom Intuos tablets and I was looking for something similar with wireless capabilities for my new dual 2.5ghz-G5. There were no wireless Intuos products available at the time of purchase, so I went with the Graphire Bluetooth. Unfortunately, the product leaves a lot to be desired and after a couple of weeks of use, I plan on returning it. The major problem lies with the pen--both in design and responsiveness. I'm a longtime user of Wacom Intuos tablets and I was looking for something similar with wireless capabilities for my new dual 2.5ghz-G5. There were no wireless Intuos products available at the time of purchase, so I went with the Graphire Bluetooth. Unfortunately, the product leaves a lot to be desired and after a couple of weeks of use, I plan on returning it. The major problem lies with the pen--both in design and responsiveness. Design: the Graphire series is cheaper than the Intuos, and there's a good reason why: the Graphire pen is thinner, lighter, and has no grip. If you have very small hands this might be acceptable; in my hand this feels like a toothpick. It's very difficult to manipulate a tool effectively when it doesn't feel like it has any durability. Additionally, the Graphire pen stand is little more than a piece of transparent molded plastic and slides around the desk whenever I put the pen back into it.Design: the Graphire series is cheaper than the Intuos, and there's a good reason why: the Graphire pen is thinner, lighter, and has no grip. If you have very small hands this might be acceptable; in my hand this feels like a toothpick. It's very difficult to manipulate a tool effectively when it doesn't feel like it has any durability. Additionally, the Graphire pen stand is little more than a piece of transparent molded plastic and slides around the desk whenever I put the pen back into it.Responsiveness: There is a half-second delay whenever using the pen to click in any finder-related options--opening windows, selecting files, etc. 1/2 second may sound acceptable, but if you, like me, use the pen for everything, not just drawing, believe me it is utterly maddening. On the other hand, the mouse behaves perfectly with no delay at all, so I know it's the pen and not my computer.Responsiveness: There is a half-second delay whenever using the pen to click in any finder-related options--opening windows, selecting files, etc. 1/2 second may sound acceptable, but if you, like me, use the pen for everything, not just drawing, believe me it is utterly maddening. On the other hand, the mouse behaves perfectly with no delay at all, so I know it's the pen and not my computer.The tablet is attractive and the mouse works fine, but the bottom line is that it's more important for me to have a responsive, durable pen than a wireless tablet. If you've never used an Intuos you may not recognize the deficiencies, but for those who have, this is like going from a Mercedes to a Honda Civic. You'll get better gas mileage with the Civic but the Benz gives you the  best overall driving experience. I need the driving experience, so I'm going back to the Intuos--wire and all.
 I know that everyone else seems to love this, so perhaps my complaint is more about Apple in general. My Ipod Mini (pink)is a lemon. The battery has never worked properly. It takes longer to charge than to discharge, and my current playing time per charge (no changing settings, not backlighting, nothing but hitting play and waiting till the battery dies) is about 2 hours. Apple will gladly sell me a new ($70) battery, but other than that tough. It is apparently my fault thet they're selling shoddy products. I'm not saying don't buy it. There aren't realistically any better choices out there than the Ipod, but buy it when you have a week to sit around and evaluate it and when they get around to opening a store near you. As for me, I think I'm going to dig out my old discman
 I returned this thing the day after I bought it.  I returned this thing the day after I bought it.  I should of been clued in when I purchased it at the store, ALL the Transpod models had a little sticker on them advising them about the store's return policy.  I thought it a little unusual at the time, but after listening to the thing I understand why now.  I'm sure a lot of people had been returning this model.I should of been clued in when I purchased it at the store, ALL the Transpod models had a little sticker on them advising them about the store's return policy.  I thought it a little unusual at the time, but after listening to the thing I understand why now.  I'm sure a lot of people had been returning this model.The sound quality was really bad.  You have to turn your stereo WAY up to hear the music, and even then it sounds almost as bad as AM radio.  I'll add that the files I was playing were 192Kbps aac encoded files so they're decent quality too
 After only a couple of months of light use, the sub woofer started making loud thumping sounds and the system stoped working.  As soon as power is connected to the sub woofer, the loud thumping starts.  I exchanged the system and the second set had the same problem after 6 weeks!!  A total piece of junk
 While a nice product packed with great features when it works, the bottom line is that it does NOT support TWAIN drivers, meaning you can not scan through ANY application other than ScanSnap. BIG MINUS. Second minus is JAMS, JAMS, JAMS. I have barely used this machine, but the double feeds are incredible (the rollers are new and the machine is clean). I even tried using high grade color laser copier paper, but STILL double feeds big time! Upon occasion, I get a good feed, and I am so thankful for that. If you are planning to do some serious office organizing with various types of paper, sizes and paper weights, skip this product and go for a ADF flatbed scanner. This baby will JAM up your day and consume all of your time with fiddling, reorganizing the misfeeds and clearing jams.Think deeply before buying this one. Also, with an ADF flatbed, you can scan books, and unusual documents (thin paper, very heavy paper) that an ADF (and the ScanSnap) won't process by simply lifting the lid of the ADF and taking the scan directly on the glass. With ScanSnap, you are screwed
 Just plugged it in and I'm ready to ship it back. Creates an annoying, high pitched buzz
 I was hoping that by getting this I'd get a decent flow of air and i'd be able to use it anywayer. But I was sorely dissappointed. It doesn't give much air and all the air you get you need to be close to feel... plus its too loud to use in most places...I was hoping that by getting this I'd get a decent flow of air and i'd be able to use it anywayer. But I was sorely dissappointed. It doesn't give much air and all the air you get you need to be close to feel... plus its too loud to use in most places...If you really need it, you can get it... but I can't use mine often because like I said its too loud. Not worth it, not enough air flowing
 The battery life for this phone after one short year is abysmal.  After charging it all night, it dies after a few hours of nonuse.The redial button simply has never worked. It is not user friendly at all although I could live with this if the two issues above were resolved.   I contacted AT&T and requested that they send me a new model that works since this phone is obviously defective.  If they refuse then I won't ever buy an AT&T product again and neither will anyone I come into contact with.  It's that simple. It's that simple. Update...AT&T refused to do anything about the phone despite the obvious flaws,.  As a result, I will never buy another AT&T product again.AT&T, you are exhibiting the traits of a company that will go out of business. 
 We bought a set of these phones because they looked nice, and because AT&T is a reliable company. But these phones are the worst. After having them for about 3 weeks, we began having terrible results with the volume/speakers in the phones. I took them back, and got a new set. These lasted about twice as long, before the battery life just became worthless. We are unable to leave these phones off the hook now for any extended period of time - say, 1 hour. And you can't talk on the phone for more than 30 minutes or so before the battery dies out, and takes 6 hours or more to get back charged again. And yes, we followed all the directions for letting the batteries charge, and all that kind of stuff. Still...I have never used a more frustrating phone, nor will I ever purchase an AT&T phone again. I bought a new phone today, and once fully charged, I will take these AT&T phones out back and smash them with a hammer
 I have to agree with many others about the poor quality of this phone. The battery life decreased rapidly and after several weeks I was forced to keeps both phones on their chargers. Instead of gambling on replacement cells I bought a Panasonic phone as suggested by other disappointed AT&T model 2255 buyers
 I also was suckered in by the Monster name. I have an older Sony adapter that I've used in the past with no problems but couldn't locate it right before a road-trip, so I bought this one also. This actually sounds substantially worse than my actual cassettes (even though they're all over 10 years old).The sound is hiss-filled, very poor signal-to-noise ratio.Stay well away
 I attempted to use this product in my 2002 Chevy Tahoe factory audio system. As others here noted, the deck would quickly error and eject the Monster Adapter. The Monster Adapter did work in my 2000 Harley Davidson FLTRI factory audio system. The difference is that the Harley unit does not have "cut-tape" detection. The Tahoe does. I attempted to use this product in my 2002 Chevy Tahoe factory audio system. As others here noted, the deck would quickly error and eject the Monster Adapter. The Monster Adapter did work in my 2000 Harley Davidson FLTRI factory audio system. The difference is that the Harley unit does not have "cut-tape" detection. The Tahoe does. I returned this Monster unit and picked up the Sony Sony CPA-9C. I returned this Monster unit and picked up the Sony Sony CPA-9C. The Sony device is a bit different as it has small link of simulated audio tape within the tape path. This little bit of simulated audio tape effectively fools the tape unit not to think that there is an error and eject the Cassette Adapter. There are other reasons that these adapters will auto-eject (Google is your friend). But the Sony unit seemed to be the solution for me. The Sony device is a bit different as it has small link of simulated audio tape within the tape path. This little bit of simulated audio tape effectively fools the tape unit not to think that there is an error and eject the Cassette Adapter. There are other reasons that these adapters will auto-eject (Google is your friend). But the Sony unit seemed to be the solution for me. The big reason for the zero star review is that Monster has ZERO information on their web site or product packaging regarding device compatibility or troubleshooting. The big reason for the zero star review is that Monster has ZERO information on their web site or product packaging regarding device compatibility or troubleshooting. 
 I lost my adapter that came from Walmart and was a generic brand.  It worked perfect.  This thing was expensive and it didn't work at all.  I'd have to turn the volume on both the ipod and stereo all the way up and then I'd get some sign of life, not anything you'd want to listen to. It's worst than even the worst RF transmitter I've ever tried.  Don't waste your money, believe the reviews
 I bought this unit a couple of years ago based on its features, but soon discovered that it can't normally do the one thing that all GPSs should, tell you where you are.  I used my e-Trex Vista for about a year and half and would estimate that I spent 10% to 15% of the time staring at some type of lost signal message.  The unit is totally useless under any type of tree cover and often has trouble holding a signal anywhere on overcast days, which means about half the time in the Seattle area where I live.  I would not recommend this unit to anyone but my worst enemy
 I had this GPS device for only 3 days and found it to be no better than mediocre.I had this GPS device for only 3 days and found it to be no better than mediocre.Although at one point I was able to track 6 WAAS satellites and the display claimed accuracy to 17 feet, while driving along a straight road for 5.5 miles, it indicated that I was traveling approximately 350 feet to the side of the road.  On two occasions on this straight road, it said I actually crossed the road and traveled on the opposite side.Although at one point I was able to track 6 WAAS satellites and the display claimed accuracy to 17 feet, while driving along a straight road for 5.5 miles, it indicated that I was traveling approximately 350 feet to the side of the road.  On two occasions on this straight road, it said I actually crossed the road and traveled on the opposite side.I conducted a test by placing the unit where it would have an unobstructed view of the sky for 1 hour and leave it motionless.  The trip computer reported that it had moved nearly a quarter-mile during that hour.  I checked the accuracy at 15-minute intervals and it was constantly reporting accuracy between 12-24 feet.I conducted a test by placing the unit where it would have an unobstructed view of the sky for 1 hour and leave it motionless.  The trip computer reported that it had moved nearly a quarter-mile during that hour.  I checked the accuracy at 15-minute intervals and it was constantly reporting accuracy between 12-24 feet.The base maps are crude and inaccurate - a major 4-lane road (Hwy 7) in Tacoma, WA stops at 38th street.  Really?!?  If I drive down Hwy 7, it goes a couple of miles farther than the unit shows.The base maps are crude and inaccurate - a major 4-lane road (Hwy 7) in Tacoma, WA stops at 38th street.  Really?!?  If I drive down Hwy 7, it goes a couple of miles farther than the unit shows.While using the compass you must hold the unit level in order to obtain accurate readings - understandable.  There is even a little message that tells you to hold it level if you are off a little - nice.  I tried and tried to find "level" according to the unit and after about 3 or 4 minutes was able to determine where "level" was.  It was nowhere close to actual level.  Now, if I am trying to navigate with the unit's compass while it is mounted to my bike, there is no way it is going to be level and accurate.While using the compass you must hold the unit level in order to obtain accurate readings - understandable.  There is even a little message that tells you to hold it level if you are off a little - nice.  I tried and tried to find "level" according to the unit and after about 3 or 4 minutes was able to determine where "level" was.  It was nowhere close to actual level.  Now, if I am trying to navigate with the unit's compass while it is mounted to my bike, there is no way it is going to be level and accurate.At 5.3 ounces, it doesn't even pass off as a good paperweight.At 5.3 ounces, it doesn't even pass off as a good paperweight.Fortunately I was able to return it to the seller with no problems for a full refund (Thank you REI!).  I found out that Wal-Mart.com sells the unit for 50 bucks less than REI after I bought it though.Fortunately I was able to return it to the seller with no problems for a full refund (Thank you REI!).  I found out that Wal-Mart.com sells the unit for 50 bucks less than REI after I bought it though.Recommendation:  If you need a paperweight, get a rock - if you need a GPS, get a different one.
 Garmin's devices are pretty good. Somewhat tempermental, but mostly reliable. It's connecting their software and dealing with Garmin support that is a nightmare. And, you will need to call them because their software has all kinds of bugs and an archaic key system. Customer service hold time: 30-35 minues. Response time for  email tech requests: a staggering 5-7 working days. Clearly Garmin does not care about its customers
 When these headphones are working, they are great. I never have trouble receiving sound. They are amazingly comfortable. Great battery life, and batteries are rechargeable. Long distance is great too, I can walk throughout the whole house on multiple floors without any trouble.When these headphones are working, they are great. I never have trouble receiving sound. They are amazingly comfortable. Great battery life, and batteries are rechargeable. Long distance is great too, I can walk throughout the whole house on multiple floors without any trouble.But... it's FAR to often that these are NOT working. As a matter of fact I've gone through FOUR pair in the last 2 years. The first pair didn't work out of the box. The second pair lasted two weeks and then the headset just would not turn on. The third pair lasted about eight months before the same thing happened, they just would not turn on. The forth pair lasted about a year and then yesterday the very same thing happened.
 After having an experience with slow startup speeds (and actually freezing a computer) with the 1GB Cruzer Micro with U3, I feel compelled to write this negative review. The mere existence of a software layer to access the flash drive defeats the main purpose of existence of flash drives: a fast and higlhly compatible interface. Any hidrance to this convenience makes the device a liability. I work at an educational institution wher I am responsibel for organizing presentation sessions in which speakers often bring their presentations in a flash drive. As a matter of policy, we will not allow speakers to plug in to our computers devices that run any kind of software in the background
 I bought the Cruzer Micro not knowing that it came with the U3 Launch Pad software preloaded. As soon as I tried to use it on my computer at work, the company's anti-virus/firewall decided it was an intruder, preventing it from working at all. I was ticked... I had almost given up on it and was actually shopping around for another USB drive that had no software on it, when I ran into a website that lets you download an uninstaller for the U3 Launch Pad. I downloaded it, ran it and it took no more than 15 seconds to clean out the offending U3 garbage! Now I like my Micro Cruzer all over again! Oh yeah... the website to uninstall yours at is: [...
 I wish I had read the reviews before buying this piece of junk. As another reviewer says, U3 ruins it. I have a Mac so that feature is useless, but even worse it cannot be disabled. Everytime I plug in the drive I get this cheesy CD image cluttering up my desktop and I have to eject it, along with the drive icon, before the unit can be removed. What clunky engineering. I'll be returning this and scratching Sandisk off my list of reliable companies. I also agree with the reviewer who complained about the packaging. It is impossible to open without tearing it apart, which is probably a strategy to reduce returns
 Spare SD card slots molded into the lid of this case prevent it from closing completely around the Tungsten E. You will see a noticeable gap around the bottom edge of the closed case. Slight pressure on the latch side side will cause the case to pop open unexpectedly in purse or brief case. I returned mine to Amazon a few days after receipt; still looking for an alternative
 With a destructive toddler in the house I like to back up my DVD movies.Having recently purchased a 25 unit spindle, I recently tried backing up several DVDs with my sony DRU-710A 16x DVD recorder.  Although the recording process initially did seem to work smoothly,  when I attemped to play back the disks recorded at 16x speed, I would have read errors and lockups on DVD players usually towards the end of the film (the outside of the physical disk, where maximum recording speed is obtained.)   I did have better reliability recording at 4x speed and suspect that 8x writes will work fine as well.  Given the fact that I paid a premium for this new high speed media, I am disappointed.  I have had nearly 100% reliability with Memorex 8x DVD+R, recently making 25 successful recordings in a row with this brand (ASIN: B0001MKU4S
 I bought this thing becuase I use voice recognition with my computer and I'm on the phone quite a bit. it was supposed to eliminate the need to for two head sets.  With the amplifier and the plantronics headset to go with it The total cost came to around $200. Yay! I bought this thing becuase I use voice recognition with my computer and I'm on the phone quite a bit. it was supposed to eliminate the need to for two head sets.  With the amplifier and the plantronics headset to go with it The total cost came to around $200. Yay! The amplifier has a strong hum when used through the phone and when I use it witht eh computer it has such poor sound quality that it doesn't work with my voice rec. software. I called customer service and they said I should send the unit to them and they would send me a new one. Funny,  I have read that in a few places online.   The amplifier has a strong hum when used through the phone and when I use it witht eh computer it has such poor sound quality that it doesn't work with my voice rec. software. I called customer service and they said I should send the unit to them and they would send me a new one. Funny,  I have read that in a few places online.   I went out and bought the Labtec equivelent, the dialog-301 at a whopping $15 (headset included, the head set is cheap though) and it is chrystal clear for both the phone and my computer. Plus if you want to upgrade the head set you can buy any analog computer headset. I went out and bought the Labtec equivelent, the dialog-301 at a whopping $15 (headset included, the head set is cheap though) and it is chrystal clear for both the phone and my computer. Plus if you want to upgrade the head set you can buy any analog computer headset. Save yourself $185 and just buy the dialog-301 you will be happy.  
 Just a fair warning to all out there considering this card.  After purchasing this card it worked great.  Then in the middle of my friend's wedding the card no longer was readable by my camera.  I could not believe it!  When I got home I put the original card in the camera and it worked fine.  I reformatted this card and still the camera could not read the card.  Not worth the money for only one years use
 I have the Canon Rebel.  I had the same problem where files were corrupted.  Also, when clearing the card, some pics stayed filed.  I am not happy with this flashcard at all.
 It doesn't work properly.  I can charge the Ipod but it doesn't let me sync.  Sent an email to the seller but no answer so far!It doesn't work properly.  I can charge the Ipod but it doesn't let me sync.  Sent an email to the seller but no answer so far!I am very disappointed with my purchase
 DO NOT BUY THIS CRAPPY PIECE OF JUNK!!DO NOT BUY THIS CRAPPY PIECE OF JUNK!!I purchased this unit with faith in SONY.  Well forget it!! after 4 months the unit failed and began reading "disc dirty" half way through each recording.   I sent the unit back for repair.  They claimed to have "fixed it" but when I received it back it STILL failed on each disc (note that these failures RUIN the disc!).  They sent  me a brand new unit.  GUESS WHAT..?!   It failed after 3 months with the SAME PROBLEM!!  I sent it back for repairs.   AGAIN they claimed to have "fixed it".  Well,  it malfunctioned IMMEDIATELY!! I sent it back AGAIN!! This time they gave me a refurbished unit. I know you wont believe this...but the unit is WORSE than the other two!!  They are currently sending me ANOTHER new unit.  But I have no doubt this one will STILL be a piece of crap.  They simply don't have this technology down. SONY should NEVER have put this junk on the market. BEWARE!!I purchased this unit with faith in SONY.  Well forget it!! after 4 months the unit failed and began reading "disc dirty" half way through each recording.   I sent the unit back for repair.  They claimed to have "fixed it" but when I received it back it STILL failed on each disc (note that these failures RUIN the disc!).  They sent  me a brand new unit.  GUESS WHAT..?!   It failed after 3 months with the SAME PROBLEM!!  I sent it back for repairs.   AGAIN they claimed to have "fixed it".  Well,  it malfunctioned IMMEDIATELY!! I sent it back AGAIN!! This time they gave me a refurbished unit. I know you wont believe this...but the unit is WORSE than the other two!!  They are currently sending me ANOTHER new unit.  But I have no doubt this one will STILL be a piece of crap.  They simply don't have this technology down. SONY should NEVER have put this junk on the market. BEWARE!! - UPDATE -They sent they new unit.  Guess what?   PIECE OF JUNK.   Fails on discs writing and when reading written discs.   After trying FOUR of these units I can assure you this is a LEMON.   Please note these positive reviews are from buyer who had their units for two weeks or similar time periods.   I have had four different units for ONE YEAR and can tell you THIS IS JUNK!    Selling this crap on ebay and buying a REAL unit.   NOT SONY!
 We needed to know if this unit (Philips DVD 782C) was compatible with DVD+RW disks so I Googled it and found this Amazon listing.We needed to know if this unit (Philips DVD 782C) was compatible with DVD+RW disks so I Googled it and found this Amazon listing.We were totally amazed to find the reviews we found ... and wish we had done this years ago INSTEAD OF SPENDING ALL THIS TIME STRUGGLING WITH THIS POOR EXCUSE OF A DVD PLAYER. We have spent countless hours MR. Clean'ing and SkipDr'ing disks just to get them to play (and sometimes even that didn't work).We were totally amazed to find the reviews we found ... and wish we had done this years ago INSTEAD OF SPENDING ALL THIS TIME STRUGGLING WITH THIS POOR EXCUSE OF A DVD PLAYER. We have spent countless hours MR. Clean'ing and SkipDr'ing disks just to get them to play (and sometimes even that didn't work).Just in case anyone else comes along, take the excellent advice given several times in this collection of reviews ... RUN THE OTHER DIRECTION WITHOUT QUESTION IF SOMEONE OFFERS YOU THIS DVD PLAYER.Just in case anyone else comes along, take the excellent advice given several times in this collection of reviews ... RUN THE OTHER DIRECTION WITHOUT QUESTION IF SOMEONE OFFERS YOU THIS DVD PLAYER.Now, we do NOT believe this is a fundamental problem with Philips. We have, and have had, many fine products sold by Philips. We are guessing this particular DVD player was the result of some very poor product planning that went very badly before, during and after the fact. Hopefully the person(s) responsible has (have), per usual corporate practice, been promoted farther up the ladder where they can no longer inflict this kind of pain on Customers.Now, we do NOT believe this is a fundamental problem with Philips. We have, and have had, many fine products sold by Philips. We are guessing this particular DVD player was the result of some very poor product planning that went very badly before, during and after the fact. Hopefully the person(s) responsible has (have), per usual corporate practice, been promoted farther up the ladder where they can no longer inflict this kind of pain on Customers.Now, we do NOT believe this is a fundamental problem with Philips. We have, and have had, many fine products sold by Philips. We are guessing this particular DVD player was the result of some very poor product planning that went very badly before, during and after the fact. Hopefully the person(s) responsible has (have), per usual corporate practice, been promoted farther up the ladder where they can no longer inflict this kind of pain on Customers.P.S. We tried to give this product "0" stars but Amazon requires at least "1" star. Probably a quid pro quo agreement of some sort we imagine
 Unfortunately my wife and I purchased this &quot;product&quot; without reading the posted reviews here. ALL are entirely accurate! I cannot calculate how many hours I have spent trying to figure out what is wrong. No loading, skipping, freezing, not OPENING when it freezes, all down the line, combined with 100 trips to and from the video stores to exchange their &quot;defective&quot; DVDs. My wife was firmly of the belief the DVDs were just &quot;dirty&quot; but I finally decided (this agrees with one of the reviewers) there is a balance problem in the drawer. When there is a no-load, jiggling/adjusting the drawer sometimes (not always) fixes it, but only until the next time, and will not stop the freezing problems. If my wife had a dime for every time I said &quot;this thing is a piece of @&amp;*!&quot; she would be a millionaire. This is very late but if this product is still on the market in ANY form stay many miles away. And Philips' arrogant lack of response (as reported; I have no personal experience here) is virtually criminal in this day and age
 For some years I tried this and other Monster products, to the tune of over $1000 in Monster a/v gear. The more you learn about video and audio, the more you'll avoid anything with the Monster label. Specifically, this s-video meets no NTSC, DVD or IEEE standard; it is common 30-ohm hookup wire with ineffective shielding and a poorly designed, low-conductance connect plug that can wreck your input jacks and gives poor grounding. Has a sharp image, but includes a catalog of chromatic aberrations from off-color skin tones to color blotching, dirty grays, burned highlights, murky shadows, noisy reds, and poor color balance due to impedance mismatching that results in cyan errors and bleeding reds. Makes video test patterns look great, but who watches test patterns all day? Amazon offers many other brands at good prices, why waste your $$ on this stuff? I removed every piece of Monster from my system and replaced them with AR, Belden, Viewsonics and others from Amazon. Result: vast improvement in every respect.
 ~I bought the MVSV3-1m cable and put it between my Pioneer V555 DVD player and SONY WEGA tv KV-27FS12, I was unable to see with my naked eyes any improvement regading the visual quality, color, sharpness. Same as the result as I used the composite cable came with the box. I really don't know why. I have to say, my TV is a good one and the picture quality is already satisfactory even I don't use DVD player. Unfortunately my DVD player does not have component jack to let me try the next level video~~ experience. I don't want to say this expensive cable is a poor one, I was just unable to verify its alledged ultra high performance. we just don't have a benchmark to evaluate it.
 I bought these headphones based on the first couple of reviews I read here.  I should have read further, because about two weeks after I purchased the earphones, the left side went out completely.  There was nothing obvious on the outside of the unit and I didn't hear any "rattling" as described by other users.  The darn things just quit!  I must say, however, that the sound quality for those first two weeks was excellent, but all in all, not worth the money and frustration
  Cowon aka iAudio have the worst customer service of any other major company I dealt with. No phone support, they have an 800 number but when you call it they direct you to their website. Their website support gives you the option to submit a ticket or Live Chat. I waited over an hour on their Live Chat before I get a message saying that Live Chat is not available at this time. I submitted a ticket & guess how long before I heard a response. & the response was "ship the item back for a refund". I also tried to download the latest firmware and the link was broken. I heard a lot about how bad their customer service was, but when I tried it myself it was even worse
 These batteries are NOT sold by Amazon.  They are sold by an Amazon re-seller called Electrogalaxy.  Please read the reviews of this company before purchasing.  I do not recommend this company due to their poor return policy and terrible customer service.  You have been officially warned.  DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM ELECTROGALAXY
 I went and got this keyboard after the first one broke.  I found the keys were re-arranged.  Instead of hitting home - I wound up deleting my work.I went and got this keyboard after the first one broke.  I found the keys were re-arranged.  Instead of hitting home - I wound up deleting my work.This is a keyboard I cannot work with.  Model Number 1 and 3's were better.
 Problem #1 - out of hte box, these units are assigned 192.168.0.10 as an IP address.  find if your network is on the .0 subnet.  So I had to change my entire network over to this in order to get it configured.Problem #2 - once changed, now i have Ip address issues because of the existing clients picking up the .10 address.Problem #3 - If you incorrectly specificy the SSID/wep key or IP address, you have to put it back to the defaults and start over.  there's no way to configure the unit Problem #4 - it just plain don't work as it should.Problem #4 - it just plain don't work as it should.Easily the most difficult unit i've ever had to configure.  It's a shame that I'm swearing off linksys as their prices are good.  Despite it's decent price, stay away from this one
 I have a D-link router, and I couldn't even get this thing to connect wirelessly.  It works if connected with a ethernet wire, but that isn't really the point, is it?I have a D-link router, and I couldn't even get this thing to connect wirelessly.  It works if connected with a ethernet wire, but that isn't really the point, is it?I called customer support, and the call dropped 4 TIMES!!!!  Even when I was able to stay connected, they obviously weren't listening to me, and were of no use in the end.  I'm off to go return.  Save your time, money, and aggrevation.  Avoid this like the plague
 I bought this unit over a year ago and still haven't figured out how to work it. I have used the D-link wireless router with no trouble, but no matter what I do, I can't get the print server to work properly. This is after hours with their customer service people and doing everytihing possible. Based on other people's reviews this unit actually does work. It just hasn't for me.
 After 3 hours of banging my head against a wall I finally called Tech Support.  They finally figured out that this is not compatible with multi-function computers.  You can learn that on their support website but no-where in the standard documentation that comes with it
 Before you buy anything from Creative, google the words incompatible + legacy drivers + sounblaster + windows xpBefore you buy anything from Creative, google the words incompatible + legacy drivers + sounblaster + windows xpHuge compatibiltiy issues that will have Creative Tech help telling you to flash and update your system bios, chipsets, leaving an entire PCI slot between Sounblaster card and any other card, update drivers, yada, yada, etc. Read all of the issues from the aforementioned google, and ignore the Creative employee reviews (they are easy to spot). Creative ignores the fact that its products have huge conflicts with Windows operating systems
 I bought this machine based on the good reviews I found here. I have had it for one month and it does nothing but jam.  Now the two week return policy at the store has expired and I am left with a jamming piece o' junk.My advice - look for a different fax machine
 I am shocked by the amount of positive reviews on this site.  Let me tell you about my experience.  I bought this machine in June of 2005.  In one year, I have replaced this machine THREE TIMES.  All three times, I got error messages that the toner cartridge was out (Toner Life End) even when new toner cartridges were put in.  I do give high marks to Brother for its customer service, though.  Each time I had a problem, I called and they sent out a replacement by FedEx along with materials for me to send back the broken one.  But when the fourth replacement arrived last week and I turned it on and got an immediate paper jam message, I had enough.  I had a similar issue with a Brother mutlifunction machine I purchased around the same time.  I am done with Brother products
 I ordered this keyboard/mouse combo and it turned out to not be blue tooth, so I returned it.  I'm sure it would have been great if I had used it but my Mac has blue tooth and I thought I was getting a blue tooth kbd and mouse.   I got an apple blue tooth keyboard instead and I found a logitech blue tooth mouse, which I also got.  (Apple doesn't offer a decent blue tooth 2 button mouse in anything like an acceptably reasonable price range)
 I purchased this for my Intel iMac mainly because I was so frustrated with the Mighty Mouse.  I wanted something with two separate buttons.  I had tried the Logitech MX 610 (which I purchased as well for another computer) and thought that the ergonomic shape felt wonderful.  So, I purchased this desktop set because I wanted it to match my Mac and so I could have a proper 2 button mouse.  I figured the Mac keyboard could use improvement as well so the keyboard could come in handy as well.  In fact, I thought I would get added convenience since this was a keyboard designed for a Mac and had extra shortcut buttons.I purchased this for my Intel iMac mainly because I was so frustrated with the Mighty Mouse.  I wanted something with two separate buttons.  I had tried the Logitech MX 610 (which I purchased as well for another computer) and thought that the ergonomic shape felt wonderful.  So, I purchased this desktop set because I wanted it to match my Mac and so I could have a proper 2 button mouse.  I figured the Mac keyboard could use improvement as well so the keyboard could come in handy as well.  In fact, I thought I would get added convenience since this was a keyboard designed for a Mac and had extra shortcut buttons.Other than having 2 separate buttons on the mouse, this keyboard/mouse combo has been an utter disappointment.Other than having 2 separate buttons on the mouse, this keyboard/mouse combo has been an utter disappointment.First of all, the white doesn't quite match.  It's close, but just a touch too cream.  Also, there's just too much silver.  Especially on the mouse.First of all, the white doesn't quite match.  It's close, but just a touch too cream.  Also, there's just too much silver.  Especially on the mouse.Secondly, it doesn't have all the buttons the Mighty Mouse does.  There is no button to switch to the Widgets.  Luckily, you can press F12 on the keyboard.  Not quite as convenient, but still possible.  However, I have yet to find a button that allows you to switch between various open programs.  This is especially necessary if you have multiple web browsers open.Secondly, it doesn't have all the buttons the Mighty Mouse does.  There is no button to switch to the Widgets.  Luckily, you can press F12 on the keyboard.  Not quite as convenient, but still possible.  However, I have yet to find a button that allows you to switch between various open programs.  This is especially necessary if you have multiple web browsers open.Thirdly, this mouse just doesn't work as well as other Logitechs.  It is too light, lacking the "feel" and a bit of the comforting weight that the MX 610 has when you move it around.  Also, the speed of the cursor is off.  No matter how I try to adjust the speed, it doesn't quite match the speed of the original Mighty Mouse.  It is either too fast or too slow.  I think part of it is simply OSX's lack of adjustability compared to [gasp] Windows for cursor speed.Thirdly, this mouse just doesn't work as well as other Logitechs.  It is too light, lacking the "feel" and a bit of the comforting weight that the MX 610 has when you move it around.  Also, the speed of the cursor is off.  No matter how I try to adjust the speed, it doesn't quite match the speed of the original Mighty Mouse.  It is either too fast or too slow.  I think part of it is simply OSX's lack of adjustability compared to [gasp] Windows for cursor speed.Finally, the keyboard is simply atrocious.  I don't even use it anymore.  It's packed up in the box and I plugged the original Mac keyboard back in.  The keys make a horrendous clatter when typing.  The pressure is nonexistant making touch typing just a bit more difficult than normal.  Also, the depth is quite shallow.  This is a desktop keyboard.  You can press the key down further on nearly all the laptop keyboards I've tried.  Also, the texture of the keys is far too smooth and uniform.  The raised dots to help you find the F or J buttons is too shallow.  I can't find the asdf an jkl; rows by touch.  I have to look.  As a touch typist, this is an unforgiveable sin.  It basically transforms you from a touch typist to a hunt and peck typer who has to visually find each key before you can hit it.  I'm typing on a Thinkpad whose laptop keyboard is far superior to this Logitech.Finally, the keyboard is simply atrocious.  I don't even use it anymore.  It's packed up in the box and I plugged the original Mac keyboard back in.  The keys make a horrendous clatter when typing.  The pressure is nonexistant making touch typing just a bit more difficult than normal.  Also, the depth is quite shallow.  This is a desktop keyboard.  You can press the key down further on nearly all the laptop keyboards I've tried.  Also, the texture of the keys is far too smooth and uniform.  The raised dots to help you find the F or J buttons is too shallow.  I can't find the asdf an jkl; rows by touch.  I have to look.  As a touch typist, this is an unforgiveable sin.  It basically transforms you from a touch typist to a hunt and peck typer who has to visually find each key before you can hit it.  I'm typing on a Thinkpad whose laptop keyboard is far superior to this Logitech.So, in short, save your money and avoid this keyboard/mouse combo.  I rated it a two because the mouse did have 2 separate buttons, unlike the Mighty Mouse, which is why I purchased this in the first place.  It hit my most basic requirement.  Otherwise, it really deserves a 1 star rating
 Love this phone.....if only the Caller ID would work!  It worked fine on day 1, day 2 worked on and off.....day 3 Caller ID not working.  Tried moving the phone to different outlets, removing the batteries & putting them back in, tried new wire etc.... The phone works great otherwise.  Loved the Caller ID when it was working--much larger than most and easy to read. Oh well
 After having my old phone for 40 years I bought a new NWB phone due to remodeling. It lasted 5 months. You cannot get through on their help line and they do not answer their e-mail. Buy a NWB phone at your own risk. I had to buy another phone--AT&amp;T and it works fine
 I am comparing these transfers to the HP transfers for colored shirts.  these require a reverse image and are just not user friendly.  after three unsuccessful attempts I just went back to the more expensive HP's.  The transfers did not adhere well and would flake off in little chunks even before you tried to wash them
 These sound awful. I'm embarrassed to admit I spent 140.00 on these. The earphones from my 1989 sony walkman are far superior. If you like your music to sound as if it came from the bottom of a well then these are for you.
 Bought these pretty cheap, from woot.com.Bought these pretty cheap, from woot.com.The good:- Great sound quality, all digital transmission so no hissing.- Look good- Decent battery life- Decent battery lifeThe bad:- needs drivers (most USB headsets - granted, not wireless - don't)- Doesn't work on the Mac- If you are not playing music, they beep every 15 seconds or so. Then after a couple of minutes they turn themselves off. This drove me crazy and was not configurable.- Takes you ~15 seconds every time you turn them on and try to pair them.- Not terribly comfortable.- Not terribly comfortable.After about a month of normal use, the headset cracked in the middle and stopped working. Bad quality o material. The Logitech people said they will refund whatever I paid for after I send them a copy of the receipt and the broken product. Too bad I get to pay for shipping and I'm not even sure they'll refund the ORIGINAL shipping. Lesson learned
 the toshiba vcr combo arrived, and was quite light in weight. it hooked up ok, but the orange (nice color) display, constantly stayed on zeros, and the vcr played tapes so bad, there was always a white static streak across the screen bottom. i sent it back after trying a few tapes (all tested poor.) better to get a good vcr for good vhs picture display quality
 I bought this unit because a DLink Sales Rep said it would be perfect for my application. Hah! It doesn't work at all (I hope Amazon will let me return it). The first thing I had to do was upgrade the firmware - no instructions on how to do this, but for the uninitiated: you have to download the .ftp file from Dlink, move it to the Dlink Firmware folder on your computer, then get the AP Manager to see your unit (that's another story involving IP addresses - again, no help from the install documents), and then you can install the update. I finally got the DWL-2100AP to see my network, but never could get it to talk back - it just sent gibberish. The Net tech and I worked on it for most of two working days, to no avail. Spent a lot of time on the phone with the DLink tech staff too, where everyone involved said we got some bad dope from the sales staff, but that we might get it to work, provided it is compatible with the existing equipment blah, blah, blah... My assessment of Dlink and the DLINK DWL-2100AP? Poor pre-sales support, poor post-sales support, confusing tech support, and poor documentation/install instruction for a product that may be (but then again, may not be) compatible with your existing equipment. What's up DLink
 when i got the moniter i said it was cool and alright but whe i plugged it in it did nat work and i was angry.i tried again but it did not work so i tried to send it back but it was to much of a hassle.i decided t see what was the problem and send it to a electronics store and the told me the the ic was bad.the only thing i could have done is to buy a new adapter.so i paid 800 trinidadian dollars to get it to work.i was furious
 My family and I just relocated 3 states away from our extended family and wanted to get a good webcam to keep intouch with everyone and let our 2 year old see his grandmother once and a while.  When I saw the Microsoft LifeCam at Target stores and that it was compatible with Windows Live I thought it would be worth the $100 price tag to be able to keep in touch with family.My family and I just relocated 3 states away from our extended family and wanted to get a good webcam to keep intouch with everyone and let our 2 year old see his grandmother once and a while.  When I saw the Microsoft LifeCam at Target stores and that it was compatible with Windows Live I thought it would be worth the $100 price tag to be able to keep in touch with family.I purchased the software and started the installation process on my computer.    Just so you know,my system is running a pentium 4 processor and has 8 active USB 2.0 connections, only 3 of which are being used for the keyboard, mouse, and this webcam, along with 512MB of RAM which is more than necessary for this product to function.I purchased the software and started the installation process on my computer.    Just so you know,my system is running a pentium 4 processor and has 8 active USB 2.0 connections, only 3 of which are being used for the keyboard, mouse, and this webcam, along with 512MB of RAM which is more than necessary for this product to function.The software took about 10 minutes to install which I thought was a little odd, then it askes for you to plug in the camera.  My XP system recognized the camera but told me that the hardware had encountered an error during installation and may not function properly.  I uninstalled the software and tried the installation again with the same result.  I then tried a different USB port just in case there was a problem.  Following a stepwise process I checked and updated all drivers for the USB hub, ports, etc. and I checked under the system manager tools to ensure that all were working properly.  I then went to the microsoft website and downloaded the updates for the software (this took another 15 minutes and the site crashed twice).The software took about 10 minutes to install which I thought was a little odd, then it askes for you to plug in the camera.  My XP system recognized the camera but told me that the hardware had encountered an error during installation and may not function properly.  I uninstalled the software and tried the installation again with the same result.  I then tried a different USB port just in case there was a problem.  Following a stepwise process I checked and updated all drivers for the USB hub, ports, etc. and I checked under the system manager tools to ensure that all were working properly.  I then went to the microsoft website and downloaded the updates for the software (this took another 15 minutes and the site crashed twice).By now I was getting very frustrated but hoped that the software update would allow appropriate conectivity with the camera.  I went into the software and found that it was recognizing the mic, but it said that there was no camera attached.  I again tried to find the camera through other means with no results.By now I was getting very frustrated but hoped that the software update would allow appropriate conectivity with the camera.  I went into the software and found that it was recognizing the mic, but it said that there was no camera attached.  I again tried to find the camera through other means with no results.For the price paid and the 3+ hours I spent trying to install the hardware I can say with all assurity that this product is not worth it.  I will be returning it to Target for a full refund and will look into investing my money with another brand.For the price paid and the 3+ hours I spent trying to install the hardware I can say with all assurity that this product is not worth it.  I will be returning it to Target for a full refund and will look into investing my money with another brand.As someone else said earlier in the reviews, "does microsoft ever send their products through Quality Assurance before they release them?
 Dont microsoft ever send their software thru Quality Assurance checking? They asked me to install a windows update (KB something or the other) saying that it prevented the software from running at 100% CPU usage. Lo and behold, it still gets stuck!! Task Manager dutifully reports that it is after all consuming all resources
 I've found these headphones to be highly overrated.  I've found these headphones to be highly overrated.  The noise cancelling is primarily from the snug fit in the ear.  When the noise circuit is turned on, the background "hiss" becomes incredibly annoying.  To be fair though, this model does remove some background low frequency sound, even in addition to the the noise reduction from the ear plugs.  The noise cancelling is primarily from the snug fit in the ear.  When the noise circuit is turned on, the background "hiss" becomes incredibly annoying.  To be fair though, this model does remove some background low frequency sound, even in addition to the the noise reduction from the ear plugs.  The frequency response during playback sounds like an old am radio
 In terms of sound quality, noise cancelling, and general comfort - thise headphones are top of the line. I absolutely love the way the sound and the ammount of noise cancelling that they provide. I used them regularly when mowing the lawn and when flying, and I always recieved the highest quality sound and noise cancelleation. I was even able to listen to drum-n-bass while mowing the lawn and hear all of the appropriate frequencies on the low end. In terms of sound quality, noise cancelling, and general comfort - thise headphones are top of the line. I absolutely love the way the sound and the ammount of noise cancelling that they provide. I used them regularly when mowing the lawn and when flying, and I always recieved the highest quality sound and noise cancelleation. I was even able to listen to drum-n-bass while mowing the lawn and hear all of the appropriate frequencies on the low end. However... inside of 6 months, I have gone through 2 pairs of these headphones because the right ear headphone has gone out on them. The worst part is - I can't even begin to imagine why it goes out. I keep my heaphones in a locked cabinet in my office every night. Last friday, I placed back into the nice little carry bag that they come with, and placed them into this cabinet. This morning when I pulled them out for use, the right ear bud is out again... no physical damage is apparent anywhere on the headphones, and there is not a broken wire anywhere. In fact, the wiring is perfectly fine and still functional. It is the physical earbud - the hard plastic peice - that has gone out. If i squeeze the earbud hard enough, it will turn on again. However... inside of 6 months, I have gone through 2 pairs of these headphones because the right ear headphone has gone out on them. The worst part is - I can't even begin to imagine why it goes out. I keep my heaphones in a locked cabinet in my office every night. Last friday, I placed back into the nice little carry bag that they come with, and placed them into this cabinet. This morning when I pulled them out for use, the right ear bud is out again... no physical damage is apparent anywhere on the headphones, and there is not a broken wire anywhere. In fact, the wiring is perfectly fine and still functional. It is the physical earbud - the hard plastic peice - that has gone out. If i squeeze the earbud hard enough, it will turn on again. Something inside of the earbud is obviously designed improperly and I would highly recommend that noone purchase these headphones because of this
 Someone previously pointed out that these earphones did not filter out the highs well. It may be the highs all I know is the only thing it seems to filter well is my wife and kids voices and allow in every other ambiant noise around. Someone previously pointed out that these earphones did not filter out the highs well. It may be the highs all I know is the only thing it seems to filter well is my wife and kids voices and allow in every other ambiant noise around. Now I may have gotten a lemon but the sound is poor. Volume cranked to high on any device I put this on comes out low at best. Put in any other set of earphones and it is painfully loud. Now I may have gotten a lemon but the sound is poor. Volume cranked to high on any device I put this on comes out low at best. Put in any other set of earphones and it is painfully loud. The little inline triangle that has the on/off switch is cumbersome and is at a strange distance from the earphones. Just seems to far from the earphones or not far enough. Just doesn't seem to clip naturally anywhere. Either to much cord or not enough. The little inline triangle that has the on/off switch is cumbersome and is at a strange distance from the earphones. Just seems to far from the earphones or not far enough. Just doesn't seem to clip naturally anywhere. Either to much cord or not enough. I am not a music or sound expert by any means so it does not bode well that I think these earphones are poor at best
 I got Avaya RoadWarrior up and running on my computer to use when I work remotely. My co-worker told me to get a GN Netcom headset but I figured I'd save some money and get this one. Big mistake.I got Avaya RoadWarrior up and running on my computer to use when I work remotely. My co-worker told me to get a GN Netcom headset but I figured I'd save some money and get this one. Big mistake.There is a major problem with some laptops when the power cord is plugged in, the listener on the other end has what sounds like you in a an airplane during flight. The humming goes away when you unplug the power cord but that doesn't help me, I need to be able to use it when the power cord is plugged in or not.There is a major problem with some laptops when the power cord is plugged in, the listener on the other end has what sounds like you in a an airplane during flight. The humming goes away when you unplug the power cord but that doesn't help me, I need to be able to use it when the power cord is plugged in or not.Anyway, I chatted with Plantronics support and then informed me that it's a known issue with no work around except to unplug the power cord while using it.Anyway, I chatted with Plantronics support and then informed me that it's a known issue with no work around except to unplug the power cord while using it.So, it's getting returned.
 It failed Dragon Naturally Speaking's sound tests, tests easily passed by the cheapo mike included with the program.  And just try to return it.  Antonline stonewalls, Plantronics doesn't respond at all
 Gave it one star because there was no option for zero. Died after two days of use, would not turn on or reset. Previous Zen Nano, same thing after six months of use. I guess that would be my last Creative product
 The first warning sign is that the drivers are not Windows approved and unsigned. Their installation instructions advise you to ignore the warnings.The first warning sign is that the drivers are not Windows approved and unsigned. Their installation instructions advise you to ignore the warnings.Next, is the cheesy "cool" looking set-up program. Please forget about the groovy graphics and just provide a usable interface.Next, is the cheesy "cool" looking set-up program. Please forget about the groovy graphics and just provide a usable interface.Then, the drivers don't work. My cursor slides all around the screen after I stop moving the mouse. I tried calling customer support, but there is no telephone support. I then tried connecting with their online chat support. No one helped me after 20 minutes. Two days later, in response to an e-mail, they sent me 3 pages of instructions about how to adjust my system to accommodate their crappy software.Then, the drivers don't work. My cursor slides all around the screen after I stop moving the mouse. I tried calling customer support, but there is no telephone support. I then tried connecting with their online chat support. No one helped me after 20 minutes. Two days later, in response to an e-mail, they sent me 3 pages of instructions about how to adjust my system to accommodate their crappy software.Too bad, because the mouse itself is a nice piece of hardware. Solid-feeling, well-built, and comfortable.Too bad, because the mouse itself is a nice piece of hardware. Solid-feeling, well-built, and comfortable.I'm sending mine back for a refund
 THE ROUTER CARD DOES NOT WORK, MY OLD ONE WORKS WITH THE NEW ROUTER BUT THE NEW CARD DOES NOT WORK AT ALL, SO I NEED A REFUND FOR IT, OR A REPLACEMENT, THANKS
 I bought it with my Linksys WRT54GS Wireless-G Broadband Router with SpeedBooster. The software installation procedure is really poor. When I ran the software first few times it constantly gave me error messages (can't remember what they were) so I had to reinstall it 2-3 time till it settled down finally. Then I set up the network settings with my router and scanned for the access point (Infrastructure) but it couldn't find anything even though the router was only 5-7 feet away! At one point it managed to connect to the router but it was still searching for the internet connectivity.. After several minutes it couldn't find anything and disconnected from the router. I knew there was nothing wrong the router or internet because I inserted my old Belkin adapter and it connected straight away!I bought it with my Linksys WRT54GS Wireless-G Broadband Router with SpeedBooster. The software installation procedure is really poor. When I ran the software first few times it constantly gave me error messages (can't remember what they were) so I had to reinstall it 2-3 time till it settled down finally. Then I set up the network settings with my router and scanned for the access point (Infrastructure) but it couldn't find anything even though the router was only 5-7 feet away! At one point it managed to connect to the router but it was still searching for the internet connectivity.. After several minutes it couldn't find anything and disconnected from the router. I knew there was nothing wrong the router or internet because I inserted my old Belkin adapter and it connected straight away!Don't waste your money on this. If you wanna get a router, get the one I've got which is quite good. If you want a WiFi Adapter then get Belkin F5D7010 Wireless 54Mbps Notebook Adapter. I couldn't find any 108g adapters by them but this one is really good.Don't waste your money on this. If you wanna get a router, get the one I've got which is quite good. If you want a WiFi Adapter then get Belkin F5D7010 Wireless 54Mbps Notebook Adapter. I couldn't find any 108g adapters by them but this one is really good.http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B000085BCX/qid=1125546516/sr=8-5/ref=pd_bbs_unbuck_5/002-4891207-7082407?v=glance&s=electronics&n=17259
 This product keeps changing home addresses; none of which are the address I typed in the initial field. It does not stay charged so that it is actually able to function as advertised if you are gone from home any length of time and you put your dog in a yard.  Additionally, gravity takes it down to the lower neck area in common use so that when the dog is doing normal dog things, the device sinks downward so that the antenna is pointing toward the ground.  The pictures are misleading.  We tried all of the advise the company gave us. It's just not a device that works when and where you need it to work.  It was a lot to invest to have this many problems. 
 ... it's called a leash. Or a fence. How about keeping your pet safe the responsible-- not to mention cheap-- way. ... it's called a leash. Or a fence. How about keeping your pet safe the responsible-- not to mention cheap-- way. I've been a volunteer at a no-kill animal shelter for 5 years, and I'm still amazed at the lack of guardianship people show for their pets. So your dog has this $350-dollar doodad on its neck. It's not going to keep it from running out into the street and getting hit by a car, or picked up by somebody who wants to use it for dog-fighting bait or sell it to a lab (yes, these things happen-- often). I've been a volunteer at a no-kill animal shelter for 5 years, and I'm still amazed at the lack of guardianship people show for their pets. So your dog has this $350-dollar doodad on its neck. It's not going to keep it from running out into the street and getting hit by a car, or picked up by somebody who wants to use it for dog-fighting bait or sell it to a lab (yes, these things happen-- often). Have some sense, people. This is ridiculous. 
 A nice device, but Microsoft didn't include software that encrypts the fingerprint image. Although very difficult to do someone *could* steal your fingerprint. To be safe I would not use this fingerprint reader for password protected websites that contain sensitive information or for network admin or computer BIOS privledges
 This camera had some nice features like the ability to write to a network storage device, smart motion detection, etc.  The recorded videos have their own codec so you can use it or d-vix.  Some videos are unreadable and if you dig deep enough, d-link has a utility to make them readable.This camera had some nice features like the ability to write to a network storage device, smart motion detection, etc.  The recorded videos have their own codec so you can use it or d-vix.  Some videos are unreadable and if you dig deep enough, d-link has a utility to make them readable.I upgraded the latest firmware 1.06, tried using the ability to write to a storage device and found it very hard to manage.  Motion triggering is touchy but works once you set it up.  The wireless caused 90% of my communication problems.  Ran a wire and things were fine.  Clock could not keep time for anything.  Set USA EDT and it was fine and shortly after it feel back one hour.  D-Link knows of this and the only solution was to use Atlantic time.  It has all the right features and image is great but I have to vote thumbs down on this unit.I upgraded the latest firmware 1.06, tried using the ability to write to a storage device and found it very hard to manage.  Motion triggering is touchy but works once you set it up.  The wireless caused 90% of my communication problems.  Ran a wire and things were fine.  Clock could not keep time for anything.  Set USA EDT and it was fine and shortly after it feel back one hour.  D-Link knows of this and the only solution was to use Atlantic time.  It has all the right features and image is great but I have to vote thumbs down on this unit.One more thing, D-Link hard codes an IP address so if you try and factory reset remotely or of you happen to be using a different network addressing scheme, you're done.  Why for the life of me they don't use DHCP by default is beyond me
 Camera will not stay up on wireless network with Dlink router! Firmware has some serious issues. Dlink support was worthless. I returned the camera and bought a Panasonic and never looked back
 It would be really great if Amazon and other resellers did a better job outlining which accessories were compatible with which products.  This is stated as a CF Type I card yet this does not work with a Nikon Coolpix 4300--another, more expensive Kingston card, must be used
 I have several pairs of portable speakers for my laptop but forgot to bring them on a recent trip and bought these based on the glowing reviews posted here. However, when I received the speakers I found that they are much larger in size and much lower in both quality of build and quality of sound than for example the Creative speakers. They have a huge and unstable footprint when opened (about 9 inches long and one inch deep) and are not particularly compact when folded either. The sound is not rich and they eat batteries amazingly fast, then begin to buzz. I do not recommend these speakers
 I bought this for my 5g Ipod. I drive a late model Subaru with the lighter switch inside of the ashtray console. Firstly the transmitter was completely dangerous to operate while driving. Its impossible to use in Park and Neutral in my car. The controls are bulky.  The transmission cut out in mountains, on hills, and on the highway whenever I drove over 60mph resulting in my ipod starting and stopping because it shakes and wobbles in the console.  In short, it hardly worked and I was afraid to touch it while driving, lest I'd knock my gear shift out of place. Its cheaply made and all in all a complete piece of junk.I bought this for my 5g Ipod. I drive a late model Subaru with the lighter switch inside of the ashtray console. Firstly the transmitter was completely dangerous to operate while driving. Its impossible to use in Park and Neutral in my car. The controls are bulky.  The transmission cut out in mountains, on hills, and on the highway whenever I drove over 60mph resulting in my ipod starting and stopping because it shakes and wobbles in the console.  In short, it hardly worked and I was afraid to touch it while driving, lest I'd knock my gear shift out of place. Its cheaply made and all in all a complete piece of junk.This is hands down the worst IPOD FM transmitter I have ever used.  I've previously used a basic Kensington all in one model  (stolen by wife, worked well but awkward) and ended up replacing this with a far superior Griffin Road Trip.  I reccommend spending the extra $15 on the Road Trip.
 Worked well for a while ( 2 weeks) , the sound always had static, later the sound went really low and then it just died
 I have the same problem some other reviewers had: the audio was extremely low unless I manually adjust the cassette.  It's not that easy - you have to stick your finger into the cassette slot while the adapter is in there, and wiggle it forward and backward until the audio adjusts.  But that doesn't always work.  If that doesn't work, you then have to turn your hand over and use your fingernail to catch a ridge on the adapter and lift it up a bit.  I'd rather not have an accident on the highway by either (1) fiddling with the audio, or (2) smashing the adapter into little pieces while I drive.I have the same problem some other reviewers had: the audio was extremely low unless I manually adjust the cassette.  It's not that easy - you have to stick your finger into the cassette slot while the adapter is in there, and wiggle it forward and backward until the audio adjusts.  But that doesn't always work.  If that doesn't work, you then have to turn your hand over and use your fingernail to catch a ridge on the adapter and lift it up a bit.  I'd rather not have an accident on the highway by either (1) fiddling with the audio, or (2) smashing the adapter into little pieces while I drive.Hundreds of songs on the ipod and no way to listen while you drive...Hundreds of songs on the ipod and no way to listen while you drive...
 After using this sd card only twice, it can not be recognized by any of my card reader. Totally a waste of money and time. Do not buy pny brand
 I had DCS-900W from the same product line. It craped out after 9 months, and now I am on the fifth call to try to resolve the issue and get it shipped back. I don't know where their support is located, but the line quality is very bad, they ran the same drill over and over, but just don't want to issue you an order for you to ship back.I had DCS-900W from the same product line. It craped out after 9 months, and now I am on the fifth call to try to resolve the issue and get it shipped back. I don't know where their support is located, but the line quality is very bad, they ran the same drill over and over, but just don't want to issue you an order for you to ship back.This is the first D-Link product I own and probably the last. The resolution looks crappy even when it's new, and now it's totally dead, even reset won't work on it
 Yesterday was the annual Thanksgiving sale day. I got this 1G CF card from Staples by $40 after easy rebate. With this price, I think it is a great deal. However, it worked for my digital rebel only half an hour before it was DEAD. All my photos in the card were lost. I am a graduate student majoring in computer engineering, I know how to recover data if a hard drive fails. But this time, I find I simply can't help. Fortunately, Staples have a good return policy and I just returned it without hassle. Hopefully, this is only my case. My suggestion: make sure your dealer has a good return policy before you get this item. 
 Of course as all things computer related, as soon as this was purchased the price dropped drastically.  Unit works great but buy the 2 gig.  More bang for the $
 The card failed after 23 pictures.  Amazon credited me with a full purchase price credit to my credit card account
 I was on hold 50 minutes, 52 seconds before anybody answered.  I heard "your call is important to us" at least 100 times, which wasn't very convincing
 I bought this reader for my laptop since it didn't have USB 2.0.But to tell you the truth, I think this device is a little slower than USB 1.0!  I am going to buy the Lexar 32Bit card and see if that improves the download speed, because this reader is so slow.It took me about 45min to download 2GB of photos from my Extreme III card.  That is unacceptable
 Note: I am fully aware that compact flash cards have a maximum sustained upload speed which caps off the potential speed of the medium it is being transferred on.Note: I am fully aware that compact flash cards have a maximum sustained upload speed which caps off the potential speed of the medium it is being transferred on.Note: I am fully aware that compact flash cards have a maximum sustained upload speed which caps off the potential speed of the medium it is being transferred on.I purchased this product to use in conjunction with my SanDisk Ultra II compact flash cards.  I thought that PC cards would be faster than USB 1.1 and 2.0, but thats not the truth.I purchased this product to use in conjunction with my SanDisk Ultra II compact flash cards.  I thought that PC cards would be faster than USB 1.1 and 2.0, but thats not the truth.Whenever I try to upload files from my CF cards thru the PC card, it slows down the ENTIRE system.  I can't do other tasks while the card is uploading files since everything is acting sparatic and slow.Whenever I try to upload files from my CF cards thru the PC card, it slows down the ENTIRE system.  I can't do other tasks while the card is uploading files since everything is acting sparatic and slow.I'll admit, the card is a bit faster in uploading files than USB 1.1, but I can't do anything else on my computer while the card is working.  Honestly, I would rather have a little bit slower performance with my USB 1.1 card reader and be able to work on my computer at the same time instead of having the card slow down my entire system.I'll admit, the card is a bit faster in uploading files than USB 1.1, but I can't do anything else on my computer while the card is working.  Honestly, I would rather have a little bit slower performance with my USB 1.1 card reader and be able to work on my computer at the same time instead of having the card slow down my entire system.I believe this card is a 16-bit pcmcia card.  I've heard good praise for Lexar's 32-bit pcmcia cards, but I have yet to try it out.  I'm sure it costs more money than this PC card or a USB card reader, though...I believe this card is a 16-bit pcmcia card.  I've heard good praise for Lexar's 32-bit pcmcia cards, but I have yet to try it out.  I'm sure it costs more money than this PC card or a USB card reader, though...I believe this card is a 16-bit pcmcia card.  I've heard good praise for Lexar's 32-bit pcmcia cards, but I have yet to try it out.  I'm sure it costs more money than this PC card or a USB card reader, though...All in all, I suggest getting a USB 2.0 compact flash reader over this product if you want to work on your computer at the same time as you are uploading files.All in all, I suggest getting a USB 2.0 compact flash reader over this product if you want to work on your computer at the same time as you are uploading files.Otherwise, if your the kinda person who doesnt mind leaving the computer alone while the files are uploaded to your computer, this will work just fine for you
 and the worst part is that I'm actually glad about it!and the worst part is that I'm actually glad about it!I bought this set to replace a [...]Logitech wireless mouse/keyboard combo that was about 3 years old when the mouse scroll wheel stopped working.I bought this set to replace a [...]Logitech wireless mouse/keyboard combo that was about 3 years old when the mouse scroll wheel stopped working.I figured I'd treat myself to what looked like the best wireless set out there.  Here's what I found:I figured I'd treat myself to what looked like the best wireless set out there.  Here's what I found:1) The keyboard is HUGE.  I have Dell 19" flat panel and the keyboard looks ridiculous in front of it.1) The keyboard is HUGE.  I have Dell 19" flat panel and the keyboard looks ridiculous in front of it.2) Even though the USB dongle is plugged in the Dell monitor about 1 foot from the mouse/keyboard it still loses its connection and I get the message "USB device has malfunctioned."  I have to remove and replace the dongle and it starts again.  This happens a couple of times a week, but of course at the most inconvenient times.2) Even though the USB dongle is plugged in the Dell monitor about 1 foot from the mouse/keyboard it still loses its connection and I get the message "USB device has malfunctioned."  I have to remove and replace the dongle and it starts again.  This happens a couple of times a week, but of course at the most inconvenient times.3) The keyboard goes to sleep like the mouse after a few minutes to save battery life.  The mouse will wake up after a slight delay and I'm used to that but I can't tell you how many times I pressed "Ctrl-C" to copy something into the buffer and then discovered that it didn't "take" because the keyboard was asleep.  The keyboard should never go to sleep or this "feature" should have a way to be disabled!3) The keyboard goes to sleep like the mouse after a few minutes to save battery life.  The mouse will wake up after a slight delay and I'm used to that but I can't tell you how many times I pressed "Ctrl-C" to copy something into the buffer and then discovered that it didn't "take" because the keyboard was asleep.  The keyboard should never go to sleep or this "feature" should have a way to be disabled!4) The keyboard died (stopped responding) at less than 6 months old.  I still use the mouse but dug out an ancient Dell quietkey wired keyboard.  Frankly I don't miss the behemoth MS monster at all, at least the old keyboard doesn't take up the whole desk and when I hit Ctrl-C it works every time.4) The keyboard died (stopped responding) at less than 6 months old.  I still use the mouse but dug out an ancient Dell quietkey wired keyboard.  Frankly I don't miss the behemoth MS monster at all, at least the old keyboard doesn't take up the whole desk and when I hit Ctrl-C it works every time.Microsoft has made some good keyboards and mice, but this set is not one of them.  Buyer beware. 
 I bought this keyboard/mouse set hoping to consolidate most of my wireless devices onto a single HUB and standard.  I bought this keyboard/mouse set hoping to consolidate most of my wireless devices onto a single HUB and standard.  Setting up the set was easy enough in Windows, but I immediately found that the mouse did not work well at all.  The cursor would move in increments of around 10 pixels at a time.  I even put the Bluetooth adapter on a USB extension cord and placed it within inches of the mouse, but that didn't help at all.Setting up the set was easy enough in Windows, but I immediately found that the mouse did not work well at all.  The cursor would move in increments of around 10 pixels at a time.  I even put the Bluetooth adapter on a USB extension cord and placed it within inches of the mouse, but that didn't help at all.The keyboard seemed to work well, but I didn't use it for very long because the mouse was unbearable to use.  I have several wireless networks in my area, which may be causing interference with the Bluetooh though
 Speaking from real experience, don't waste your money buying this cable which makes absolutely no difference from a cabe you can find with half or less the price. I bought a few top of the line monster cables once I got the top of the line SONY XBR960 HDTV. Later on I switched cables around, with other brand, cheaper component cables such as Philips PTS1000 (the HDMI standard owner by the way), and also other HDMI cables (even no name brands coming with my DVD player). You know what? I see absolutely no difference even under close examination. The SONY XBR960 produces the finest pitch you can find on any TV. You think about what that means. Stop buying this ridiculously priced cables, and save your $$ and buy somethinfg else on your shopping list. Digital is digital. Don't let monster mislead you that their cables produce more 11010 ... than others.
 Basically a nice phone, BUT:A: I've had three of these phones, and sooner or later the little repositionable hang-up tab snaps off, rendering it useless as a wall-mount, andB:I can hear well with the speaker phone, but have to shout to be heard.
 I purchased the Kensington after my casette adapter developed an annoying wheel noise. I heard and read a lot about the problems with FM transmitters, like static and audio quality but the Kensington was the best rated unit.I purchased the Kensington after my casette adapter developed an annoying wheel noise. I heard and read a lot about the problems with FM transmitters, like static and audio quality but the Kensington was the best rated unit.It arrived the day before I had to take a business trip and thought it would be a great test. The first day I used it, it seemed to work great. The next day on my return trip home, all I got was static and could barely hear the music from my iPod. I tried every station I could find with little or no transmission on it, but the audio quality remained extremely poor.It arrived the day before I had to take a business trip and thought it would be a great test. The first day I used it, it seemed to work great. The next day on my return trip home, all I got was static and could barely hear the music from my iPod. I tried every station I could find with little or no transmission on it, but the audio quality remained extremely poor.I am not sure if there are just too many stations broadcasting in the NYC metro area or this particular unit is defective, but since my car has a casette player I will go with casette adapter for now.I am not sure if there are just too many stations broadcasting in the NYC metro area or this particular unit is defective, but since my car has a casette player I will go with casette adapter for now.If you have lots of unused frequencies, it might work in your area. Just be sure you can return it if it doesn't work out for you.If you have lots of unused frequencies, it might work in your area. Just be sure you can return it if it doesn't work out for you.
 I had a Monster iCarPlay for some time and had givben it to a friend. So when I was looking for a new one i thought I'd try the Kensington.Big mistake - my car couldn't pick the signal up without manually tuning - very painful. Go for the Monster products over this in a heartbeat
 Using this in my wife's Expedition is very annoying.  For some reason the cord must be placed in exactly the right position or static will drown out the music coming from the car's speakers.  Note that no other electrical devices in this car (and there are a lot of them; she got every option available with the car) misbehave at all.  I would not repeat this purchase, not can I recommend anyone else buy one of these.  I only gave it two stars because with continual minor effort it can be made to work acceptably - however, fiddling with the cord while driving is certainly NOT a safe practice
 NEW are notorious thieves in the consumer electronics repair industry.  I personally submitted for repair both a $1,600 video camera (Sony DCR-PC5) and a car CD player (a Sony CDX-C90, a $1,200 in-dash top of the line unit.  If you've heard of it, you know what I'm talking about).  I was told that the warranty did not cover what was wrong with my video camera (some ambiguous statement about logic board, power unit, etc. failure followed), and would have to pay ~$780 to have it fixed.  I naturally refused, and was forced to keep my dead 4 month-old handycam, an unfortunate testament to some of Sony's now widely publicized QC issues.  The reason I did not send in the camera initially has to do with the fiasco involving my CD player.  I was told, explicitly, that if NEW could not fix it, they would either return the unit or write me a check in the amount of $1,000 (not even enough to cover the cost of the player).  As an added insult, when they indeed could not fix the unit, they KEPT it, and I NEVER received a check!!!  Simply outrageous!  Blatant theft, and I'm not the only one who will tell you a story about NEW and such an act.  They are IMPOSSIBLE to get ahold of, and literally take your money and run/disappear.  Don't expect to ever hear from them, should your camera stop working, and good luck getting ahold of them if you happen to send it in beforehand.  Chances are, you will have to eat the loss, as I did.  This product deserves a negative star and should come with an automatic refund.  I seriously thought it was a gag when I saw NEW was in charge of the coverage.  What a joke!  Whoever runs your company, NEW, ought to be both ashamed of themselves and held liable for all the countless damages and losses they have caused.  The whole lot of you belong in an unfriendly prison
 I originally placed my order with my a digital camera and this four year service plan. Three days after, I had to cancel my digital camera order for personal reasons. However the $161.80 total I spent on this warrant did not refund automatically and nor have I received a confirmation that it will be refunded. After several phone calls and emails of providing information for the requested refund. They finally tell me that it will take 8 weeks for my refund to process. That is two whole months. Horrible service I can't imagine how long it would take for them to either repair or replace my camera should it have faltered. I would not recommend this four year service plan or any other plan by N.E.W. Customer Service Companies to anyone
 The sound is really great, but there is one problem with this headphones they keep falling from my ears no matter what rubber caps (they come with 3 different sizes) I used. The design flaw makes them unusable for me
 The absolutely worst headphones I have ever had.  Trying the different sizes, the earplugs just don't want to stay in my ears (even standing still).  The headphones that come with the I-Pod, and the earlier version of lanyard headphones were both much better.  The sound was fine, but not any better than the standard headphones.  A poor product.  I was very disappointed, as I have had good experiences in general with Apple in the past
 Ok, after reading the multiple good reviews on Amazon i persuaded myself to buy these speakers thinking some people were just pessimistic. Ok, i got these and immediately put a pair of batteries in. These things sound absolutely awful, it goes about the volume of someone quietly talking and the sound is distorted and fuzzy, forget about any bass. Absolutely do not buy these things. Oh yeah, whoever has been rating these things as good must be working for sony or something cu these things are terribl
 To anyone who may like these, I am sorry to learn about your hearing disability. The T33 looked like a nice little package, but I thought, "How could it possibly sound even acceptable?" I hoped for a Sony surprise, but it didn't happen. When I returned them later that day, the clerk asked, "Is there anything wrong with them?" I said, "Yeah, they suck". She smiled and handed me a refund.
 I was excited about these headphones because Creative usually has great products.I was sadly disappointed.The connector is clunky and surely going to wear out it's flimsy wire on the jack.The bluetooth signal is weak, take a walk down the street and it begins to distort like crazy. It also distorts at high volumes which you will need to use anyway because the sound is so low.It runs out of power after only a few short hours.And worst of all, the headphones are impossibly tight, causing real discomfort. After only two days of using these headphones, I couldn't take it any more
 I really wanted to like the TomTom Navigator 5.  I really wanted to like the TomTom Navigator 5.  The GPS itself is tiny, well-designed, and very sensitive.  It worked fine from down in a underdash cupholder or in the glove compartment.The GPS itself is tiny, well-designed, and very sensitive.  It worked fine from down in a underdash cupholder or in the glove compartment.The interface is attractive and easy to navigate.  The voice prompts are clear and loud.The interface is attractive and easy to navigate.  The voice prompts are clear and loud.The installation on a Mac was problematic.  Search on TomTom OSX for details, but suffice it to say that the installer included on the CDs simply doesn't work and a new one must be downloaded.  Once past that, it ran fine on my Treo 700p.The installation on a Mac was problematic.  Search on TomTom OSX for details, but suffice it to say that the installer included on the CDs simply doesn't work and a new one must be downloaded.  Once past that, it ran fine on my Treo 700p.Unfortunately there is one fatal flaw - the map database.  In using the Navigator in both California and North Carolina, the maps regularly had misnamed streets, exits referred to by numbers where there were none, and directions that lacked critical information like heading (i.e. take the 101 instead of take 101N when approaching a complex interchange).  Unfortunately there is one fatal flaw - the map database.  In using the Navigator in both California and North Carolina, the maps regularly had misnamed streets, exits referred to by numbers where there were none, and directions that lacked critical information like heading (i.e. take the 101 instead of take 101N when approaching a complex interchange).  Worse, the company seems to be actively hostile to updating these maps.  If you go to the TomTom site, you can purchase maps on a city-by-city basis.  Are they newer than the ones that came with your unit?  Who knows?  TomTom lists no version info and seems to expect you to buy and cross your fingers.Worse, the company seems to be actively hostile to updating these maps.  If you go to the TomTom site, you can purchase maps on a city-by-city basis.  Are they newer than the ones that came with your unit?  Who knows?  TomTom lists no version info and seems to expect you to buy and cross your fingers.There were just too many errors that I saw while traveling in areas that I'm familiar with to trust the TomTom maps for any unfamiliar territory.  Everything else is great, but the whole point of a GPS is accurate navigation.  And sadly, that's where the TomTom Navigator fails
 It is not as good as recommended. The image is really unclear when the light is not strong, and it's totally white under strong light. The contrast is low.It is not as good as recommended. The image is really unclear when the light is not strong, and it's totally white under strong light. The contrast is low.It's not a good product, useles
 At the moment I am in the middle of a 3-day ordeal sorting out Outlook 2002, which comes with the ipaq.  Outlook 2002 has many many many known bugs (which only now I find out) and I can't for the life of me figure out why HP would ship it with their hardware.  DO NOT INSTALL OUTLOOK 2002 on your machine.At the moment I am in the middle of a 3-day ordeal sorting out Outlook 2002, which comes with the ipaq.  Outlook 2002 has many many many known bugs (which only now I find out) and I can't for the life of me figure out why HP would ship it with their hardware.  DO NOT INSTALL OUTLOOK 2002 on your machine.The ipaq itself may be OK, but if this is a foreshadowing of the fun to come..
 I'll admit, I'm not the techno wizard some on this panel seem to be, but then again, I don't believe you should have to be to operate what should be something simple, like a handheld computer.  I'll admit, I'm not the techno wizard some on this panel seem to be, but then again, I don't believe you should have to be to operate what should be something simple, like a handheld computer.  In essence, the title of this review says it all.  Almost $300 and several months later, I am unable to get this hunk of junk to even turn on.  Let alone connect to a server.  All of these things were supposed to be fixed by a 'patch' that if someone can download from the HP website, I'd love to see it.  All downloads came back with an Error message when I attempted to download.  In essence, the title of this review says it all.  Almost $300 and several months later, I am unable to get this hunk of junk to even turn on.  Let alone connect to a server.  All of these things were supposed to be fixed by a 'patch' that if someone can download from the HP website, I'd love to see it.  All downloads came back with an Error message when I attempted to download.  Long story short, you'd be better off buying a laptop.  HP is not known for their handhelds, do not buy this product or anything similar to this from HP.  You will be sorry. 
 I like the light that goes on when the phone rings but that is about all I like about this phone.  Friends tell me I sound like I am under water and I have had to terminate many conversations due to static and interference.  One friend insists that I have a microwave running as we speak.  I am actively looking for a new set to buy because these are worthless
 It looked flashy and well-conceived on the web shopping sites that featured it; however, after setting up Panasonic's KX-TG5576M, I'm underwhelmed...    First of all, even in this day and age, it's not Mac-compatible (though the Pansonic Call Center Representative had assured me, after checking with her Superior, that it indeed was.)   So,  I cannot comment on downloading ringtones, wallpapers, etc.   (Meanwhile, these mobile phone-like features were the main reason I wanted this particular cordless phone).It looked flashy and well-conceived on the web shopping sites that featured it; however, after setting up Panasonic's KX-TG5576M, I'm underwhelmed...    First of all, even in this day and age, it's not Mac-compatible (though the Pansonic Call Center Representative had assured me, after checking with her Superior, that it indeed was.)   So,  I cannot comment on downloading ringtones, wallpapers, etc.   (Meanwhile, these mobile phone-like features were the main reason I wanted this particular cordless phone).Secondly, the built in digital message recorder is of the lowest quality.   I was looking for an alternative to the monthly charge for voice mail through the phone company.    This isn't it. If you prefer to record your own message in lieu of the generic built-in message options, your Callers will here something sounding like a worn-out Edison recording.   It struck me as odd that with the included audio cable, you can connect the handset to an audio device with a headphone jack, to record custom ring tones, with good quality results.  Yet, to record a message for the digital answering machine, you need to speak into the dinky little microphone hole on the base unit, with the aforementioned low sound quality.  Secondly, the built in digital message recorder is of the lowest quality.   I was looking for an alternative to the monthly charge for voice mail through the phone company.    This isn't it. If you prefer to record your own message in lieu of the generic built-in message options, your Callers will here something sounding like a worn-out Edison recording.   It struck me as odd that with the included audio cable, you can connect the handset to an audio device with a headphone jack, to record custom ring tones, with good quality results.  Yet, to record a message for the digital answering machine, you need to speak into the dinky little microphone hole on the base unit, with the aforementioned low sound quality.  Finally, the battery life of the handset is rather short.  This is despite the (too) low backlighting on the handset keypad.  Oh, why no backlighting on the base unit? 
 I cannot recommend HP to anybody anymore. The company introduced regional coding, which means printer cartridges from one region cannot be used in another. For most this is probably not an issue, for those busily traveling around it is. Also, it is an issue of principle, its bad enough for DVD, but printer cartridges? HP has introduced this rather secretely and if you don't read the box cover etc very carefully, you may not notice. The main issue is in Europe. I got caught out. I bought a 3 catridges overseas - I could not use them on my HP printer. I asked for a refund, HP Email Support (US) was nice but ineffective. HP Customer Support (Europe) was snotty and very rude. I think HP does not care about its customers and this cost me over US$75, almost 50% of my printer (my sixth and last HP). Don't buy HP
 I cannot review this item since I have not received it so far at the shipping address I gave Amazon when I did the purchase.I bought four items, and I only got two of them by mail.What happened to the other two items? -KOSS Stereo In Ear Ear Plugs - The Spark Plug (Purchased on 09/15/2006) -Apple iPod USB Travel Kit with Car Charger, Travel Adapter & Cable (Purchased on 09/15/2006) WHO KNOWS..
 I agree with the viewer preceding me. Very tinny. The ones I was using from my old computer sound 100% better. These are a complete waste. Two stars because I do hear the music but it sounds awful
 These speakers were a major disappointment.  I have speakers that are about 5 years old, and wanted to replace them.  But these Sony speakers were AWFUL - the sound was tinny, the bass was almost non-existent, and the sound was probably worse than that coming from my built-in laptop speakers.These speakers were a major disappointment.  I have speakers that are about 5 years old, and wanted to replace them.  But these Sony speakers were AWFUL - the sound was tinny, the bass was almost non-existent, and the sound was probably worse than that coming from my built-in laptop speakers.And these weren't even the "cheap" speakers - there were many sets that cost less than this.  If you care at all about the quality of the speakers, spend another $20-$30 and get a decent set... don't buy these..
 These Ear Buds are large and hard. They have sharp edges and hurt my ears. I have large ears and large ear canals and wear other earbud type headphones all the time which do not bother me. These were not only painful but did not enhance the sound, but actually reduced it. This product should be taken off the market
 Using Rechargeable AAA batteries, with the Battery Saver feature turned on, about two hours. Sometimes I get more using alkalines, but not much more. Honestly, this unit is worthless, because I can't trust the batteries.Using Rechargeable AAA batteries, with the Battery Saver feature turned on, about two hours. Sometimes I get more using alkalines, but not much more. Honestly, this unit is worthless, because I can't trust the batteries.Order a Garmin Etrex Legend instead. It isn't much more expensive, larger or heavier, and it includes a base map of roads, towns, and shorelines. The Legend comes with a cable to transfer data from your computer. The Legend's screen is a bit larger, but shows much more detail. And - the batteries last hours and hours.
 This did not live up to its price or my expectations.  I walk to work and there was static on both AM and FM -
 Takes 3 AAA batteries that in our experience run out too quick. Other units we've owned have lower battery drain. Also the LCD display has poor contrast. All in all, I'd buy another one that costs a few bucks more
 I ordered this charger a month ago. Since, they've sent me three chargers all the same, all wrong. They've sent me the shuffle charger three times in a row. Don't waste your money on this product, for a few bucks more you can get a company that will actually send you the right product the first time
 Bought a cell phone battery that, of course, died one week past their return/refund deadline.  Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective.  This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again.  Consider yourself warned
 I purchased a unit recently and after a couple hours tinkering with it, I couldn't get it to work.  I called Actiontec/Vosky support and spent almost an hour on the phone with them.  They advised me to uninstall their software and Skype and to try reinstalling each product.  When that didn't work, they told me the product was defective.  Unfortunately, they refused to take it back themselves and made me deal with the Seller (ANTOnline.com) first (not a very good seller, btw, as they gave me a terrible time when I tried to return the defective product).  I purchased a unit recently and after a couple hours tinkering with it, I couldn't get it to work.  I called Actiontec/Vosky support and spent almost an hour on the phone with them.  They advised me to uninstall their software and Skype and to try reinstalling each product.  When that didn't work, they told me the product was defective.  Unfortunately, they refused to take it back themselves and made me deal with the Seller (ANTOnline.com) first (not a very good seller, btw, as they gave me a terrible time when I tried to return the defective product).  Hopefully you'll have better luck.Hopefully you'll have better luck.Also, be sure to check out whether Vosky is officially supporting Skype 2.5.  When I made my purchase, they did not
 If your cars Dash is curved or sloping, this mount will not work. Did not work on a 1988 Mercedes 300E or a Daewoo Lanos. It might work if you have a perfectly FLAT dash. I had to return the item as it did not sit properly. Even the slightest touch from a finger would make it slide down. Those of you who are clean freaks like me, BEWARE. Products like armour all which leave a protective coating on your dash will further reduce the grip of this stand! I would not trust a $800 piece of equipment on an unreliable stand like this when even a slight touch of a finger can make it slide down. What about jolts and bumps while normal driving? I did not wait to find out using my $800 GPS as an experiment
 I bought this to run ethernet into my daughter's room.  The powerline etherernet works flawlessly, I've had it up and running for six months without restart or problem into three other rooms.  The wireless module however tends to overheat and drops the network after 24-48 hours of operation, so she has to unplug it every time she is done with the network, and plugs it back in whenever she wants to connect.  I am going to upgrade her to another wired powerline ethernet module
 I posted a review two weeks ago, but it hasn't appeared, so I'm trying again...I bought this lock two years ago.  It has always been difficult to remove.  (Note:  despite what some other reviewers seem to think, it does NOT have a motion detector - that's a different lock.)  Recently, the lock decided to remain firmly inside my iBook, despite my efforts to remove it.  After a fruitless call to Targus's customer support, I finally got it out.  That took over 30 minutes of struggle.  My next step was going to be purchasing a hack saw.  Apparently, the Targus lock is not a good fit for iBooks.  I'm going to send mine back and demand compensation.  If you own an iBook, I strongly suggest you buy a lock made by someone other than Targus
 We drink a lot of coffee all day, every day.  So we decided to convert to a thermal carafe coffeemaker in order to keep our coffee hotter and fresher-tasting.  We first bought the 10-cup Capresso MT-500 which we loved except for the carafe which leaked slightly.  The coffee was perfect everytime and the taste great.  Unfortunately the control panel burned out about a year and half after we bought it.  So instead of another expensive Capresso replacement, we decided to try a Japanese model which we thought might be more reliable.  We have been using the Zojirushi for 2 weeks now and it works perfectly.  No leaks and it just feels more mechanically reliable than the Capresso.  Unfortunately, there is no water filter system in this model compared to others (we had taken this for granted and not checked for it).  And no reuseable metal mesh filter (that I could find on the market) instead of paper filters.  The water also does not seem as hot when it goes into the coffee grounds.  We are not sure why our coffee just doesn't taste very good anymore, but we definitely have noted a real sharp drop in taste quality.  Today, we pulled out our very old Krups ProAroma model and have noted a definite taste improvement.  We will use this and the Zojirushi thermal carafe until we get a new Capresso coffeemaker replacement.  Don't waste your money on this Zojirushi model unless you don't care about taste.  It was money thrown out the window as far as we are concerned.  Even mediocre coffee beans are too expensive to use with this machine
 Everyone has already covered the basics, so here's the highlights:Everyone has already covered the basics, so here's the highlights:The audio listening quality is poor, especially for 40mm drivers (which normally sound good with strong bass response).  This is due to the fact the speaker itself is far from the ear canal, since the outer padding contacts the side of the head instead of the actual speaker pad.The audio listening quality is poor, especially for 40mm drivers (which normally sound good with strong bass response).  This is due to the fact the speaker itself is far from the ear canal, since the outer padding contacts the side of the head instead of the actual speaker pad.The headphones are heavy, which means a large amount of pressure is required to hold them in position.  They slide very easily off the head, and apply a lot of downward force on the ears.  I have a big head, and even made some slight modifications that increase the pressure, now they don't slide off, but are uncomfortable for more than an hour of use.The headphones are heavy, which means a large amount of pressure is required to hold them in position.  They slide very easily off the head, and apply a lot of downward force on the ears.  I have a big head, and even made some slight modifications that increase the pressure, now they don't slide off, but are uncomfortable for more than an hour of use.At first, the volume slider is stiff, but then becomes smooth.At first, the volume slider is stiff, but then becomes smooth.After 4 months of use, the mute switch is getting loose, I don't expect it to work 4 months from now.After 4 months of use, the mute switch is getting loose, I don't expect it to work 4 months from now.I really like the microphone portion of the headset, the angle is adjustable, and the volume is loud and clear.I really like the microphone portion of the headset, the angle is adjustable, and the volume is loud and clear.In the end, these headphones have a good microphone matched with very poor quality headphones.  Next time, I'd grab the cheaper Logitech headset, where they are nice and light and the speaker pads make contact with the ears, not some large outer pad
 I purchased this unit not for gaming, but for making PC to PC calls.  Here are my observations:I purchased this unit not for gaming, but for making PC to PC calls.  Here are my observations:Pros:  1. Sound quality of the microphone on the receiving end is reported by my friends and family as exceptionally clear.  Certainly much better than what you'd get out of a webcam.2. Chord is robust and long.  Easily fits over my long desk to my CPU that rests beneath.3. Controls are easy to use, although the mic on/off switch doesn't click into place like I'd expect it to.  It just slides back and forth.  I can see people accidentally turning it off.4. Headphones produce good sound, although nothing extraordinary.5. The mic itself freely rotates, so you can position it however you desire.5. The mic itself freely rotates, so you can position it however you desire.Cons:1. First and foremost, if you've got a small head DO NOT PURCHASE THIS!!  My head is not big and these headphones ARE NOT ADJUSTABLE!  These headphones are so large that they're actually uncomfortable.  Their entire weight rests on my ears and I can't wear them for very long without my ears falling off.1. First and foremost, if you've got a small head DO NOT PURCHASE THIS!!  My head is not big and these headphones ARE NOT ADJUSTABLE!  These headphones are so large that they're actually uncomfortable.  Their entire weight rests on my ears and I can't wear them for very long without my ears falling off.2.  These headphones are very heavy, uncomfortably so.  I've resorted to holding them up to my head and listening through one speaker to take the weight off my ears.2.  These headphones are very heavy, uncomfortably so.  I've resorted to holding them up to my head and listening through one speaker to take the weight off my ears.3.  Perhaps having the airspace between the speakers and the frame keeps your ears cooler, but it still feels like I'm wearing a set of insulated ear muffs.  Chatting on hot summer days is limited to 10 minutes or less until I'm dying of heat exhaustion.3.  Perhaps having the airspace between the speakers and the frame keeps your ears cooler, but it still feels like I'm wearing a set of insulated ear muffs.  Chatting on hot summer days is limited to 10 minutes or less until I'm dying of heat exhaustion.4. You need to get a Y splitter if you wish to have these headphones and your computer speakers on at the same time. If you don't have front headphone plugs on your case this is an issue.  Otherwise you have to crawl under your desk and manually disconnect the headset from your motherboard jacks and plug in your speakers again.  Y splitters are only a few dollars but it's an accessory you will have to purchase, especially since front speaker ports on most computers can't be hooked up at the same time as your rear motherboard jack (and most people have their main sound systems plugged in with the rear one). Granted, this is more of a general microphone/headset combo issue than anything Logitek related, but if this is your first microphone/headset purchase then you should be aware of this problem.  I use onboard audio instead of a sound card, so I don't have multiple output jacks.4. You need to get a Y splitter if you wish to have these headphones and your computer speakers on at the same time. If you don't have front headphone plugs on your case this is an issue.  Otherwise you have to crawl under your desk and manually disconnect the headset from your motherboard jacks and plug in your speakers again.  Y splitters are only a few dollars but it's an accessory you will have to purchase, especially since front speaker ports on most computers can't be hooked up at the same time as your rear motherboard jack (and most people have their main sound systems plugged in with the rear one). Granted, this is more of a general microphone/headset combo issue than anything Logitek related, but if this is your first microphone/headset purchase then you should be aware of this problem.  I use onboard audio instead of a sound card, so I don't have multiple output jacks.5. These headphones are designed to rest behind your neck, not over the top of your head.  Unfortunately, the plastic beam is too heavy and pulls the speakers back, placing all the weight on your ears.  The plastic beam is also too short (and just!) to go over the top of my head for a more comfortable fit.  6. The design also doesn't make sense.  The beam is so short that it should rest behind your neck, yet the angle of the speakers through that air gap is better for wearing the beam over your head.  It's pretty uncomfortable.  If the headset was adjustable it would be fine!  The earpieces are just too huge!6. The design also doesn't make sense.  The beam is so short that it should rest behind your neck, yet the angle of the speakers through that air gap is better for wearing the beam over your head.  It's pretty uncomfortable.  If the headset was adjustable it would be fine!  The earpieces are just too huge!Overall I'm disappointed with these.  If you're under 5'10" I say go with another model.  The hardware works great, but the design is terrible.  I'm returning these and purchasing an uglier, but more functional, set of smaller headphones
 The headset sits on the back of head, which is ok, however due to large ear rests it feals awkward and uncomfortable. I was not able to use volume control, as the headphones were only audible at higher volume level.The headset sits on the back of head, which is ok, however due to large ear rests it feals awkward and uncomfortable. I was not able to use volume control, as the headphones were only audible at higher volume level.The mic is poor.  Whether you want it for gaming or just general purpose use, its better to skip this for something else
 I have been using the Palmone Navigator with my TX for about eight weeks.  Most of my comments are based on a comparison with the built-in navigation system in my Lexus.  I have been using the Palmone Navigator with my TX for about eight weeks.  Most of my comments are based on a comparison with the built-in navigation system in my Lexus.  Software installation is fairly easy.  However, you need at least a 256 MB SD card to load more than a couple of states; I recommend a 1 or 2 GB card.  Software installation is fairly easy.  However, you need at least a 256 MB SD card to load more than a couple of states; I recommend a 1 or 2 GB card.  While the concept of a TX doubling as a navigation device is intriguing, the realty of it is rather sobering.  It is a cool toy, but if you have to plan routes for your job or any other meaningful purpose, this is NOT the right product.  While the concept of a TX doubling as a navigation device is intriguing, the realty of it is rather sobering.  It is a cool toy, but if you have to plan routes for your job or any other meaningful purpose, this is NOT the right product.  The pros are: - Inexpensive in comparison to built-ins und stand-alone products - Unit can be used in different locations and cars and even while walking - One device serves multiple purposes - One device serves multiple purposesThe cons are: - It can take up to several minutes after starting the unit to acquire a satellite signal.  This is not the case with my car's OEM navigation system. - The maps are outdated and not as precise as the OEM nav system:  I live in Phoenix, AZ and my neighborhood (built seven years ago) as well as most of the freeways I take to work and back don't exist on the software.  More recent updates are not available (I checked the Tomtom website). - Navigation is often not precise enough (e.g. it tells me to make a left in 50 yards, when I have already passed the intersection where it wants me to make a left).  I never have this problem with the built-in navigation. - Look-up function for addresses and phone numbers is clumsy and doesn't display actual address until you map it. - It tends to freeze at least a couple times a day, requiring a soft reset.   - Lost connections to the satellite receiver or lost satellite signals also tend to disrupt the navigation on longer trips with stops. - Lost connections to the satellite receiver or lost satellite signals also tend to disrupt the navigation on longer trips with stops.Overall, the unit is too unreliable to be used as your only navigational aid.  If you need navigation to get to your travel destination, you are better off with a stand-alone unit.  I truly wish I had better things to say about this device since I really like the concept, but the reality just doesn't match the marketing.Overall, the unit is too unreliable to be used as your only navigational aid.  If you need navigation to get to your travel destination, you are better off with a stand-alone unit.  I truly wish I had better things to say about this device since I really like the concept, but the reality just doesn't match the marketing.
 The GOOD news is that this is a full featured GPS solution that is easy to mount in the car and can navigate to contacts in your address book. Maps are detailed and the POI (Point of Interest) database is fairly extensive.The GOOD news is that this is a full featured GPS solution that is easy to mount in the car and can navigate to contacts in your address book. Maps are detailed and the POI (Point of Interest) database is fairly extensive.The BAD news is that it all too often fails to connect via Bluetooth. Installation of software and maps is error prone (do not follow any of the 'advanced' hints in the manual - they scrambled my SD card). The BAD news is that it all too often fails to connect via Bluetooth. Installation of software and maps is error prone (do not follow any of the 'advanced' hints in the manual - they scrambled my SD card). Only buy this product if you like puzzle solving and have a great deal of patience. If you are expecting an out of the box solution that is 100% reliable - look elsewhere.
 I have a 5gb but a lot of the H10's are having the same problem.  I can play all of the songs that I owned myself but everything through the subscription service has run out and can't be reinstalled. I've done a little research about the disappearing MP3 player and it appears to be a problem that is affecting a lot of the H10's and 1 other model I can't remember right now and iRiver can't figure it out; although I've been told they are trying desperately to find the bug....So buy with caution.... 
 I went looking at Fry's for a mapping software and bought this before looking online at reviews.  I'm now stuck with a bazillion (ok, just 17) CDs and a product that takes minutes to load once you initiallize the program.  I still can't figure out how to access any info on Hawaii or Alaska and I'm waiting each time an average of four days before "tech support" haha will write me back.I went looking at Fry's for a mapping software and bought this before looking online at reviews.  I'm now stuck with a bazillion (ok, just 17) CDs and a product that takes minutes to load once you initiallize the program.  I still can't figure out how to access any info on Hawaii or Alaska and I'm waiting each time an average of four days before "tech support" haha will write me back.Don't buy this. 
 Sorry, the speakers don't attach well, and the quality of these stands is not what I'm used to with a Bose system
 these cds burn fine BUT they won't play in most cd players.  I've tried it in two car aftermarket cd players, brand new mazda, and a brand new F1500 - they all did not read the cd.  Most computers can read them, but other than that they are not very usable
 For over eight years (nearly 9), I had an Acer 17" CRT & loved it. I use a KVM to switch computers, & the CRT kept all of my adjustments for that computer, every time.When it started showing signs of age (about four months ago), I decided to try a flat screen, or LCD, though I've heard horror stories about them, my laptop is great.When it started showing signs of age (about four months ago), I decided to try a flat screen, or LCD, though I've heard horror stories about them, my laptop is great.I don't mind the dark overlay associated w/LCDs, I have that on my laptop. I was amazed at how poorly this monitor responds to things. I still swap computers. I can't get the same clarity that I once did.I don't mind the dark overlay associated w/LCDs, I have that on my laptop. I was amazed at how poorly this monitor responds to things. I still swap computers. I can't get the same clarity that I once did.I swap between ME & XP, which shouldn't matter.I swap between ME & XP, which shouldn't matter.Don't believe there isn't any flicker, that's wrong. If you change the refresh rate, the monitor changes, not the computer. What happened to dumb monitors (what happened to dumb printers)? Best, should be a button (turn on) away. Some tweaking isn't bad.Don't believe there isn't any flicker, that's wrong. If you change the refresh rate, the monitor changes, not the computer. What happened to dumb monitors (what happened to dumb printers)? Best, should be a button (turn on) away. Some tweaking isn't bad.Fade out: I have the monitor, at the "proper" height, & the upper & lower corners fade. As looking at any lcd from an angle.You can't tilt this monitor very much at allYou can't tilt this monitor very much at allDon't spend much time on shut down or re-start in ME, the lines & jaggies will kill you.Don't spend much time on shut down or re-start in ME, the lines & jaggies will kill you.I'm sorry that I bought this monitor. The refesh rate for games, is fair. Don't play any games prior to ME! Because ME era games fade badly at the ends, nearly blacking out. Post XP isn't anything to write home about really.I'm sorry that I bought this monitor. The refesh rate for games, is fair. Don't play any games prior to ME! Because ME era games fade badly at the ends, nearly blacking out. Post XP isn't anything to write home about really.I would suggest trying out an hdtv first. With a direct (vga) plug in. It's a few dollars more, but if you're considering an hdtv, as well as a monitor, I'd chance it. You can always buy a 20" CRT for less.I would suggest trying out an hdtv first. With a direct (vga) plug in. It's a few dollars more, but if you're considering an hdtv, as well as a monitor, I'd chance it. You can always buy a 20" CRT for less.I hope this helps
 The keyboard with this set is flimsy and cheap feeling.  The keyboard with this set is flimsy and cheap feeling.  Worse, the layout is nonstandard: they've messed up the key cluster above the arrows (Insert/Delete/Home/End/etc.).  And the right hand Ctrl is not below the right end of the Shift key, it is under the left end of the Shift key, where one of the Windows keys (the context menu one) normally is.  They've taken out one of the Windows menu keys, too.  Worse, the layout is nonstandard: they've messed up the key cluster above the arrows (Insert/Delete/Home/End/etc.).  And the right hand Ctrl is not below the right end of the Shift key, it is under the left end of the Shift key, where one of the Windows keys (the context menu one) normally is.  They've taken out one of the Windows menu keys, too.  The wireless features worked fine (I've used it two days) and worked even without installing their driver software (something I'm always reluctant to do).  I think some of the extra buttons (multimedia controls) on the keyboard don't work for me, because of this.  I use the computer it's on for work, not screwing around, so this doesn't bother me.  (I have it installed on a Thinkpad laptop so I can keep the screen farther from my eyes, and my employer bought the thing; it wouldn't have been my first choice.)The wireless features worked fine (I've used it two days) and worked even without installing their driver software (something I'm always reluctant to do).  I think some of the extra buttons (multimedia controls) on the keyboard don't work for me, because of this.  I use the computer it's on for work, not screwing around, so this doesn't bother me.  (I have it installed on a Thinkpad laptop so I can keep the screen farther from my eyes, and my employer bought the thing; it wouldn't have been my first choice.)I've given it two stars only because it worked great, out of the box, with no driver software.  (This is on a Thinkpad running WinXP.)  I'm already dreading the battery usage (based on another review here).  Thankfully, it's not my main keyboard
 Ive had this unit for over a 1+ year and ran into problems with reception it would drop signal and it would eventual come back.  I found out that this unit had a defect and the xm rep said I could get a replacement for $50!!!  They didnt figure to tell anybody about this?  If this is true I would not recommend XM Radio at all.Thanks John 
 I have to admit, the price of this item got me.  It's now 40 bucks down the drain as it has failed to work completely.  It worked for about 8 months but was very fuzzy.  The quaility was that of an AM radio station.  Recently, it quit working altogether so now I am back in the market for one that will work
 Unfortunately the item didn't work.  The company offered to replace it but I just decided to pay more and buy locally
 It is an okay printer (I haven't done photos yet) and pretty fast but I have to change the cartridges every 3-4 weeks. This is just home use I'm talking about, not business use.The cartridges are small, run out real fast and cost up to $60 a month for one black and one color.I'm thinking of going back to a Lexmark
 I bought this printer because I wanted high quality photo printing and I didn't need any of the bells and whistles that come with more expensive printers. It's a Canon, so I figured I could count on the photo quality. I was terribly disappointed though. I generally buy Staples brand photo paper for general photo printing, and it always worked fine with my Epson printer. But my first prints on this printer looked dull and muddy -- like I was looking at the images though a mild but annoying grey/brown haze. So I went out and bought Canon paper instead. The quality was somewhat improved, but still not what I had expected. So yes, I got a printer for under $30, but now to get even passably OK prints, I need to spend a fortune on Canon brand inks and paper. Not much of a bargain.
 As best as I can tell the wires were too thin, and it could not handle any kind of bandwidth.
 I installed the board and my PC (running XP Pro) won't boot. I tested all the PCI slots with other cards (and mixed them up too) and the PC boots fine. I returned the card and got a new one. Same problem. I removed all of my other PCI cards and left this one in there alone ... same problem. I'm speechless. I guess it's not compatable with some systems. By the way, I know my set-up is fine. I have 3 PCI slots filled and 3 additional USB devices and all is well. I never had a problem like this before
 This adapter will not work at all with Windows XP SP2 - despite any promises from the Linksys website, this cannot be setup - buy the Anycom adapter instead
 I have spent time with lynksys and Dell, both of which say they have done all they can do, (from their manuals). Because I have had to finish phone calls without without solving the problem, I call back and get conflicting oppinions...this keeps me coming back. It still is not working,  they have that in common.
 Their quality is cheap. so do their price. Out of the 25 CDs, atleast 8 of them failed. The rest, okay. I would suggest Verbatim. They are pretty good
 Pros* Fits like a glove (goes without saying)* Um... Peace of mind?* Um... Peace of mind?Cons* This case makes pushing the buttons harder than it already is.* There is nothing to protect the screen. * If you're left-handed (or like to operate gadgets with your left hand) note that it is impossible to push the Menu button. It would take a double-jointed freak of nature to comfortably push it.* The case is a dust and hair magnet. Every time you pull it out of your pocket, it's encrusted with lint you didn't even know you had. Dust manages to sneak under every surface, and hair magically sticks to it. This case is a DNA-sample paradise for forensic experts.* The case is a dust and hair magnet. Every time you pull it out of your pocket, it's encrusted with lint you didn't even know you had. Dust manages to sneak under every surface, and hair magically sticks to it. This case is a DNA-sample paradise for forensic experts.One of the features of a flash-based memory player is the fact that they won't break as easily when you drop them. Unless you're paranoid about getting scratches on your shiny new Sansa, don't buy this
 I bought this product from KB Electronics.I bought this product from KB Electronics.Because of this product, my digital camera stopped working.Because of this product, my digital camera stopped working.On giving a bad review to this product, KB Electronics offered me 10% discount on my next product. So, I told them that I would give a good review to them if they can repair my camera. At this they went silent. So, basically this means that they would try to make someone silent with a few dollars, but if they have to fix their problems, then they would forget all morals and turn dumb.On giving a bad review to this product, KB Electronics offered me 10% discount on my next product. So, I told them that I would give a good review to them if they can repair my camera. At this they went silent. So, basically this means that they would try to make someone silent with a few dollars, but if they have to fix their problems, then they would forget all morals and turn dumb.I don't know about the current company, but beware of the same thing happening to you guys. It is possible that KB Electronics has started selling the same product by the name of its sister concern - businesses do this all the time
 I bought this player a little over a year ago, mainly for the ability to upgrade the firmware to region-free. Played everything I put in it until a few days ago, when it started having intermittent problems- graphics were staticy and blocky, sound would just buzz and it wouldn't eject discs until I shut it down and restarted it. That lasted for two days before the problem became permanent. Now it's a doorstop.  The Apex web site appears to be down right now, but based on the other reviews here I doubt there's much point in contacting them
 The resaon I purchased this sport case is because it was an Apple product. My thoughts were that is I was going to dive into the ipod experience I should invest in a quality case to protect it. I'm sure that most people would think the way I do. I read the reviews and felt that even though it was a little pricey I would go ahead. This product is not a good one for the price. Mine broke, specifically, the plastic slider on the side that locks the shuffle in. I know what your thinking... she abused the product but I swear I did not. I loathe returning things but, darn it, this is ridiculous. Avoid this one and go for something less expensive.
 Though the concept is great, and the controls are straight forward and easy to use, the Belkin Reader falls short of usability. While out on a location, I was away from a power source and thought the Belkin reader would be a great alternative to lugging a laptop around for file transfers. Trying to transfer 1000 pics off a 1GB CF card was impossible. The reader would drain a fully charged ipod and still not finish the transfer. Though it claims firewire transfer speeds, I did some tests from home and found otherwise:impossible. The reader would drain a fully charged ipod and still not finish the transfer. Though it claims firewire transfer speeds, I did some tests from home and found otherwise:100 compressed 2K pics transferred via:100 compressed 2K pics transferred via:USB1 card reader to computer 1 min 20 sec.PCMCIA card reader in laptop 45 seconds.Belkin Media reader 6 min. 45 secBelkin Media reader 6 min. 45 secThis was just a simple example. You can see how hundreds of files would take 30 minutes or more. For the price, I'd suggest buying a few more memory cards and not worry about the transfers until you get home, unless you're in no rush and can charge up the ipod regularly
 Arrived today in a taped, ripped, and open box.  It appears as though all the parts are there, but this is definitely not a 'factory sealed' product.  Beware!Arrived today in a taped, ripped, and open box.  It appears as though all the parts are there, but this is definitely not a 'factory sealed' product.  Beware!My suggestion would be to buy from someone else
 This product came with an italian users guide. In addition the specification fails to state the thickness of this wall mount. It turns out its about 3.5 inches thick and with the thickness of the monitor itself it stands out very far from the wall.This product came with an italian users guide. In addition the specification fails to state the thickness of this wall mount. It turns out its about 3.5 inches thick and with the thickness of the monitor itself it stands out very far from the wall.I RETURNED THIS BACK TO AMAZO
 Hard to figure out and organize music... battery life not what is promised and needs to be changed often... don't recommend it. Very "Not happy
 I adore my nano, but this armband is one of the worst products I have ever bought.  I work out quite a bit with the nano and the band comes off multiple times during my workout.  The spacing of the velcro dots means I never get exactly the right fit and the band gets ripped off anytime I do weight lifting close to my body.    It is also as other reviewers mentioned hugely overpriced for what it is.  I am ordering a band from a different company and this will go straight to the garbage.
 Either I am idiot or this product is very poorly designed! It takes forever to get it just right, so that it won't slip off and still it feels uncomfortable and not quite right. Now they have them in sorts of colors, don't buy it, you'll just get annoyed everytime you want to use it, like me.
 I bought the armband when I got my mini ipod. However, the belt clip that comes with the iPod is perfect to clip to my shorts while jogging. You don't need this large, clunky armband
 I found the armband to be uncomfortable and inconvenient.  I think the upper arm is just a bad place to carry an iPod.  The added weight is distracting when I'm running.  Even worse is any activity that requires me to flex my biceps at all, so lifting weights is out.  Put it on too tight, and I constrict the muscle.  Loosen it a little, and the band slips off.  There is no happy medium.  Also, the earphone cord gets in the way more when it's leading from my arm.I found the armband to be uncomfortable and inconvenient.  I think the upper arm is just a bad place to carry an iPod.  The added weight is distracting when I'm running.  Even worse is any activity that requires me to flex my biceps at all, so lifting weights is out.  Put it on too tight, and I constrict the muscle.  Loosen it a little, and the band slips off.  There is no happy medium.  Also, the earphone cord gets in the way more when it's leading from my arm.The belt clip that came with my iPod mini works much better for me.  I clip it on the waistband of my sweatpants when I'm working out and it remains very secure, even when I'm running on the treadmill.  And the cord stays close to my body, where it is far less likely to get caught on something.The belt clip that came with my iPod mini works much better for me.  I clip it on the waistband of my sweatpants when I'm working out and it remains very secure, even when I'm running on the treadmill.  And the cord stays close to my body, where it is far less likely to get caught on something.The only advantage of this product is that it lets you advertise to the world that you own an iPod mini.  Big deal.  My armband is destined to be forgotten in the back of a drawer at home
 Do not waste your money on this product!! Whilst Amazon has a very good price for it, the headset is junk! I tried two different sets and both had a terrible hum. The hum was audible at all jacks in the house and on two different phone lines. It could be heard by the other party and made my hearing the other party nearly impossible. I work for the phone company and have used headsets over the past 25 years with no problmes. This set is very poor quality and not worth the money.
 Amazon quickly shipped this item to me and I was ready to rock 'n' roll -- until I plugged it in.  There was a distinct buzzing noise that both myself and the caller on the other end could hear.  The buzzing noise stopped when I hit mute, so the Plantronics rep said it was a microphone problem.  Amazon was very gracious about their return policy and I was quickly sent a new phone free of charge.  Well, the second phone does the same thing and I'm returning it to get a refund.  Maybe just my phone line?  Possibly.  But I've tried two phones now and have the same problem with both
 Bought C01U and was glad I could send it back after a testing period: Tried it witih Ableton Live on OS X 10.4.7 and a MacBookPro. Sound Quality was okay but either the buffer was too small (which caused the sound to scratch every few seconds) or the buffer was too large which ended in a lag causing me to get distracted from my monitor-earphones. I tried for about two hours to find the right balance but it didn't work out. This Microphone might have a nice sound but I can'T recommend it for high standard voice recording.
 The card lasted about 3 months then just died.  I'm disappointed considering the cost.  When it was working it seemed to have better range than my builtin centrino web access card.  I don't know if I got a lemon but now I have to check the warranty. 
 The card worked really well except for one little thing. There is no way to enbale super G mode (you need it to connect at 108mbps).  Without the most I could connect at was 54mbps.  The quick install guide and the manual said it's available, but it wasn't.  Tech support was able to reproduce my problem, and tried many, many things. Even though they were very helpful, they coudln't fix it.The card worked really well except for one little thing. There is no way to enbale super G mode (you need it to connect at 108mbps).  Without the most I could connect at was 54mbps.  The quick install guide and the manual said it's available, but it wasn't.  Tech support was able to reproduce my problem, and tried many, many things. Even though they were very helpful, they coudln't fix it.My guess is that it's going to take a firmware upgrade to enable Super G.  If you can wait for that, then you will be happy.  I returned mine, and bout a Linksys WPC54GX
 Like another reviewer, I had the SRF-H3 model, and loved them - comfortable, secure, decent sound, and *almost* indestructable.Like another reviewer, I had the SRF-H3 model, and loved them - comfortable, secure, decent sound, and *almost* indestructable.I was hoping these would be "new and improved". Well, they are new... I really do not like them. The electronics/sound seem to be at least as good as the SRF-H3, which is fine, but the new design does not work for me at all, for 3 reasons.I was hoping these would be "new and improved". Well, they are new... I really do not like them. The electronics/sound seem to be at least as good as the SRF-H3, which is fine, but the new design does not work for me at all, for 3 reasons.1. The bigger band that goes over the top of the head is almost square - flat on top, instead of curved, so the weight all rests right on the crown of my head.1. The bigger band that goes over the top of the head is almost square - flat on top, instead of curved, so the weight all rests right on the crown of my head.2. The smaller band, instead of keeping it secure, just loosens up rather than hanging on.2. The smaller band, instead of keeping it secure, just loosens up rather than hanging on.3. The earpads, which were on wobbly stalks on the SRF-H3, to match the angle of the ears, are fixed on this model. so they push more on the rear edges of my ears, and push the headphones forward.3. The earpads, which were on wobbly stalks on the SRF-H3, to match the angle of the ears, are fixed on this model. so they push more on the rear edges of my ears, and push the headphones forward.The quality of the electronics and sound don't do much good if the things are a pain to wear. Maybe they will work well for some head shapes, but not for mine. Bummer... Maybe I can find the old model somewhere.
 I can't say enough positive about Logitech mice.  This device, however, was a dismal disappointment.  The PC interface works well, and its knowledge of existing components seems impressive.  Unfortunately, that in no way translates into a good remote interface.  The ability of the unit to reliably turn on multiple components was poor, and, for those with video recorder boxes, very important functionality like the ability to access or schedule recording lists is not readily available (if its there at all, its hidden many keystrokes deeper than I care to know about).  Even when reverting to manual operation of individual components, changing which device is being accessed involves two keystrokes (as opposed to just one on less complex universal remotes--a much more irritating trait than one might think).  Overall, for day-to-day functionality I actually consider the barely-programmable remote that came with my Scientific Atlanta DVR vastly superior to the Harmony, which I've given up on after only a few days of forced use.I can't say enough positive about Logitech mice.  This device, however, was a dismal disappointment.  The PC interface works well, and its knowledge of existing components seems impressive.  Unfortunately, that in no way translates into a good remote interface.  The ability of the unit to reliably turn on multiple components was poor, and, for those with video recorder boxes, very important functionality like the ability to access or schedule recording lists is not readily available (if its there at all, its hidden many keystrokes deeper than I care to know about).  Even when reverting to manual operation of individual components, changing which device is being accessed involves two keystrokes (as opposed to just one on less complex universal remotes--a much more irritating trait than one might think).  Overall, for day-to-day functionality I actually consider the barely-programmable remote that came with my Scientific Atlanta DVR vastly superior to the Harmony, which I've given up on after only a few days of forced use.Considering the ridiculous pricetag, I strongly advise you save yourself a lot of money and your relatives a lot of frustration this year by steering clear of this sad study in user interface failure
 I have 2 10 year old natural keyboards with the old keyboard layout and when I saw this new keyboard with the same layout I bought one.  Sadly, this keyboard is painful to use.  The keys - especially the space bar - require far more force to use that my previous keyboard.  I am a software engineer and used to typing but this keyboard has slowed my typing rate and wears me out after 20 minutes.  On the shelf it goes for emergencies as I'll continue to maintain my old keyboard
 Used this unit for a few weeks and returned.Used this unit for a few weeks and returned.Annoyances:Annoyances:Sofware: With ADF scanning, you have to enter scan parameters (paper size etc) again for every scan and it does not have an option to let you to continue scanning more pages then ADF can hold. You will have to use "add to file" function and select all scan parameters again. There is no option to scan double-sided pages as well with using 2 pass scanning. So 3rd party software is definitively needed to get a real value out of ADF scanning.Sofware: With ADF scanning, you have to enter scan parameters (paper size etc) again for every scan and it does not have an option to let you to continue scanning more pages then ADF can hold. You will have to use "add to file" function and select all scan parameters again. There is no option to scan double-sided pages as well with using 2 pass scanning. So 3rd party software is definitively needed to get a real value out of ADF scanning.Color Scanning: While B/W scans are fast, color scanning speed is very poor to me. Scanning stack of color pages could take ages. Slow color scanning speed was observed in both USB and network modes. Color Scanning: While B/W scans are fast, color scanning speed is very poor to me. Scanning stack of color pages could take ages. Slow color scanning speed was observed in both USB and network modes. FAX: Number of rings before FAX answers is limited to 4 and I found no way to increase that. No good for SOHO
 Confusing light display (looking in the manual) told me there was a paper jam after printing three pages.  There is no jam. There is nothing stuck in the printer.  Sending it back now.  I do not have time to troubleshoot a new printer that fails to work properly after three pages.  (Maybe you won't have time either!)  I am very tech savvy and have checked the manual.  The device simply is defective.  Confusing light display (looking in the manual) told me there was a paper jam after printing three pages.  There is no jam. There is nothing stuck in the printer.  Sending it back now.  I do not have time to troubleshoot a new printer that fails to work properly after three pages.  (Maybe you won't have time either!)  I am very tech savvy and have checked the manual.  The device simply is defective.  I also noted that the top lid that folds down for packing to travel seems very flimsy.  It's hard to imagine it would not break in time, and since it's the paper feeder, you'd be out of luck.  I'd recommend something else
 The description indicates that it works on Mac platform. But it does not. And the funny thing is the instruction.It says "if it does not work, try different computer." Very helpful, isn't it?So I had to use my PC and set up a network w/ Mac and trasnfer. Too much trouble if you have a Mac.However, it's easy to use. Hook up and click, click. that's it.
 These are some great headphones, BUY THEM FROM SOMEWHERE ELSE! I chose to buy them here because of the lower price, big mistake, what I recieved wasen't the item picutered. I don't know if there an older version or some knock-offs, the sound is ok... but there very cheaply made and theres something wrong with the hinges they don't fold properly. I have an average size head and even fully extended to put them on you have to warp the headband to the point that it looks like its about to break. Returned them and spent the extra 20 bucks to buy them from the actual site
 Worked well when it was working...massive bass response, comfortable cushioning for big ears and funky styling. Only complaint is the cumbersome battery case and cheap feeling plastic construction. However, none of this mattered when it just stopped working 4 months after purchase. Gave absolutely no signs before hand, just working one day, completely dead the next. There are other reviewers here that shared my same fate, so if you want to gamble with these, go ahead, but know that the risk is a pair of dead headphones. 
 Low volume ... people can not hear me at the other end. I therefore have to return it. Low volume ... people can not hear me at the other end. I therefore have to return it. I liked my Siemens 8825 much much better. Other complaints:1. No central office voice mail indicator2. All handsets display the same missed call messages; so the same missed call has to be handled 4 times. A very stupid design. 3. Large heavy handset4. This is not a phone system. It is a collection of phones.4. This is not a phone system. It is a collection of phones.4. This is not a phone system. It is a collection of phones.4. This is not a phone system. It is a collection of phones.4. This is not a phone system. It is a collection of phones.
 One of the two ends was broken
 This version released late 2005 is obviously a cost-cutting result. This release drops the zipper which is essential when travelling.  Also the price have doubled compared to the previous style. 
 This is my second one of these (I pinched off the cable on my first one with a storage console door and had to get another!)This is my second one of these (I pinched off the cable on my first one with a storage console door and had to get another!)The display has two settings: very dim and off.  THe one I had before was quite bright so they must have changed something.The display has two settings: very dim and off.  THe one I had before was quite bright so they must have changed something.That said, it works perfectly.  You shouldn't be looking at the display while driving anyway
 A $150 calculator that I am going to trash.  I had the same problem with the keyboard (terrible response); I struggled with it for about a year and then called HP.  My warranty was out, so Hp suggested I install an update, which I did.  Now the keys are firing off 3 or 4 digits with one press of the button.  This is ridiculous. 
 I am an RPN devotee and have owned two other HPs going back to the original 11C. But this calculator is horribly unreliable because it seems to ignore key entries occasionally. (Although you hear and feel the click, nothing happens)  Also, the keys themselves may "bust loose" and start to wobble even after little use. This is my third replacement in the last two years. Be sure and save your receipt because quality control is absent on this one.
 This was my first set of in-ear headphones and I bought them because they are cheap.  Well, you get what you pay for.  Being disappointed with the fit of the Koss phones, I bought the slightly more expensive JVC HA-FX55V.  At least for me, a much better fit, which means more comfort and better sound.  And I am still shopping.  The array of offerings is daunting:  JVC and JPlug at about $20 all the way up to Shure's top of the line at $500.  So shop around, but forget about the Koss
 This warranty is purchased through Amazon, but it is actually distributed by another company.  When you search for TV warranties on Amazon, you will see 4 warranties that appear to be the same, but are different prices.  I called the company that sells these warranties and asked what the difference was.  They told me that there is no difference between the $119 warranty and the $499 warranty; they cover the exact same thing.  The girl I spoke with even asked her manager and he said there is no difference.  Warranties are a tricky item to review, because it all looks good until you actually need it.  So, on this one, I suppose only time will tell.  The one difference between the Amazon warranty and the electronic store warranty is that the Amazon one will not replace the first bulb in the TV; but I figure if I need to replace the bulb within those four years I will still be saving $100 because I can get a new bulb for around $200.
 Bought this as a back-up for the internal hard drive of the laptop. My experience was sadly similar to  many others on this site. Worked fine for two backups, then the drive stopped being recognized by my own or any other computer. Little red "power" light is on, little disc whirls around, but no blue "data transmit" light appears anymore. These are clearly a dismally unreliable and poorly made product- just imagine the disaster if this occurred when you were trying to restore data to a corrupted hard drive on your primary machine. A free replacement would not be much of a compensation. Avoid!!
 Buy the "empty" player for 37, then get a 128 mb card....its only 5 bucks mopre total.....
 The iPod is cool but ours ... as we've found has happened to many other owners ... went on the fritz and our nightmare began. Apple's customer service is the worst CS that we've ever experienced regardless of the product or service supported. I could write for days about the awful experience but I've wasted so much time with them already ... I can't bear to waste more. The most notable point is that the iPod CS folks repeatedly stated that iPods are more or less disposable, commodity items and "breakdowns" were common. Wow!! .. $400 Bucks of throw away!?!?!? We still haven't recieved the return box for replacement/repair after several days even though it was promised in 24-48 hours. We also own an MP3 player that we refer to as a "Dell-Pod" from Dell Computer and have had to use their customer service as well. Dell's CS support was awesome. Based on our experience with Apple/iPod CS support ... this is the first and LAST Apple product that will be owned in our household
 I purchased this item on Nov. 17, 2006.  Amazon claimed it was in stock.  I then upgraded from free shipping to Standard, which promises a 3-5 days delivery time.  Amazon now informs me that it will arrived on Nov. 29th! This is the second recent order with a longer than anticipated/promised delivery time.  I don't know if Amazon is going down hill or what, but it's discouraging.  Next time, I'll just buy the item locally and pay a few extra dollars.  And by the way, don't even try to call Amazon Customer Service at 800-201-7575.  They can't do anything to resolve a problem and barely speak or understand English.  Another great American company moving towards metiocracy; what a shame
 Short answer: The microphone volume on this is set too low relative to the speaker volume, and cannot be adjusted independently--either through the device or at the O/S level.Short answer: The microphone volume on this is set too low relative to the speaker volume, and cannot be adjusted independently--either through the device or at the O/S level.I spoke with tech support, and they said this was to keep the echo-cancellation software from having issues.I spoke with tech support, and they said this was to keep the echo-cancellation software from having issues.So as a speakerphone, this device is useless.So as a speakerphone, this device is useless.I'd have given it one star, but the rest of the device is actually very well designed, easy to setup, and so on.
 compared this cable to a philips performance component cable and i am not impressed it was the exact same in picture quality.compared this cable to a philips performance component cable and i am not impressed it was the exact same in picture quality.all your paying for is the name..all your paying for is the name..why spend 50$ when you can spend 20$ on the philps and get the same thing?
 I was fairly satisfied with this phone until I had to re-arrange my office and move my phone.  Once I moved it and then tried to reconnect it, I no longer had LCD functionality or speakerphone functionality.I was fairly satisfied with this phone until I had to re-arrange my office and move my phone.  Once I moved it and then tried to reconnect it, I no longer had LCD functionality or speakerphone functionality.I looked on their website and this is what it said on their FAQ:I looked on their website and this is what it said on their FAQ:Problem:No caller ID information receivedDoes the LCD screen on the handset show anything?NoYour telephone is defective and needs to be sent in for serviceYour telephone is defective and needs to be sent in for serviceSince it is on their FAQ I would assume this is a common problem.  In trying to exchange my phone they were insistent that I send my phone in first so they could look at it and then refurbish it / exchange it.  Since I use this phone for my home office this was problematic for me.  Since it is on their FAQ I would assume this is a common problem.  In trying to exchange my phone they were insistent that I send my phone in first so they could look at it and then refurbish it / exchange it.  Since I use this phone for my home office this was problematic for me.  I would not recommend this product.  I personally will not by Panasonic again due to the quality of customer support (or lack thereof) that I received
 I didn't have the same experience as the "Great support from Lexar" review below.I didn't have the same experience as the "Great support from Lexar" review below.The rubber caps on the Sport Jumpdrives will quickly split open and you will probably loose your jumpdrive when it fall off your keychain.The rubber caps on the Sport Jumpdrives will quickly split open and you will probably loose your jumpdrive when it fall off your keychain.Unlike the person below, Lexar would not send me a free replacement.  They said that I could go to their web site an purchase another rubber cap.Unlike the person below, Lexar would not send me a free replacement.  They said that I could go to their web site an purchase another rubber cap.Poor support for a poor product
 Everyone knows TERK MAKES JUNK, and this multiswitch is no exception. I needed a multiswitch quick, went to Best Buy and paid, get this, $154.00 for this Terk ms!! Yeah, I know, but I needed it asap. ONE WEEK after installation, one of the satellite inputs crapped out, dead. And I do have surge protection on the lines. Also, the unit runs very hot. I've had three other Terk products do the same thing. Avoid Terk at all costs and go with Monster or even Radio Shack in a pinch. Will never buy a Terk product again. Ever
 The item I bought had to be returned due to the fact it did not wor
 Yes, I burned them in for at least 25 hours. They sounded muddy. Smooth as caramel, but veiled. The bass was heavy and indistinct. The high frequencies were not clean, and not abundant. Yes, I burned them in for at least 25 hours. They sounded muddy. Smooth as caramel, but veiled. The bass was heavy and indistinct. The high frequencies were not clean, and not abundant. Having listened to Stax headphones for years and years, I know I got used to a superclean, almost clinical sound. But still I cannot believe how completely different the HD600s were. Having listened to Stax headphones for years and years, I know I got used to a superclean, almost clinical sound. But still I cannot believe how completely different the HD600s were. I borrowed these from a friend, who bought them new and had hardly used them. Frankly, I get more pleasure listening with my Sony MDR-W20G sports headphones that I bought for less than $10.   I am at a loss to understand the glowing reviews. I would love to hear a headphone that sounds as wonderful as people are describing. But the one I heard did not. Not even after break-in.  Never would I consider one of these phones without auditioning them. Perhaps I truly heard a rare, defective unit. But if so, both drivers were defective, because they sounded the same. 
 -small button size-recording time is crap when used with the best batteries-hold button, many bugs with-bugs; files often end corrupt in various ways, meaning you get f***ed over-software is crap, also it cant convert to mp3, o and did i mention you have to convert in general not true for all ic recorders, which others record directly in mp3 for example-mic is without noice reduction-device is the most fragile ic recorder ever-a consumer grade product, not a professional grade productGo with the following: ds-2200 made by olympus, it smokes this ic recorder by a mile, and its tough and goes for about the same price perhaps cheaper.
 Will not charge the Micro Zen, but will power the unit.  Will toss it in the car for those times when the battery is dead and I just need my music.
 It is rather ironic that this device was so cheap that despite the fact that IT WILL NOT CHARGE AN IPOD SHUFFLE...it cost more to ship it back than I would get in a refund.Bought from an Amazon associated store (Tiger Direct) for $4.99. I also bought the matching car charger for $3.99. NEITHER WORKS WITH THE IPOD SHUFFLE. Oh well. Bought from an Amazon associated store (Tiger Direct) for $4.99. I also bought the matching car charger for $3.99. NEITHER WORKS WITH THE IPOD SHUFFLE. Oh well. Belkin makes a iPod dock connector to USB adapter that allows you to use your existing FW based stuff for CHARGING ONLY...., I think that is the ticket for charging the Shuffle on the road
 ...while this device does power your USB cable it seems to fail charging my Blackberry or my iPod. Maybe the 400 mA is not enough for that. I would not suggest to buy this item for these devices. For the iPod you better get the USB charger from the Apple store for 25$ that even comes with a standard iPod cable
 I recently received an iPOD Photo and after loading in tons of CD's I said  . . . hey why not buy an all in 1 adapter for my car.  My transpod arrived but I had difficulty inserting the adapter into my car's charger.  After working that out and using it everyday for a week, it stopped working.  I realized that the fuse had blown.  It's small and relatively compact unlike the Griffin RoadTrip, but it's a whole lot of drama for the price.  I recently received an iPOD Photo and after loading in tons of CD's I said  . . . hey why not buy an all in 1 adapter for my car.  My transpod arrived but I had difficulty inserting the adapter into my car's charger.  After working that out and using it everyday for a week, it stopped working.  I realized that the fuse had blown.  It's small and relatively compact unlike the Griffin RoadTrip, but it's a whole lot of drama for the price.  With regard to the quality of the sound through my vehicle's audio system, I am extremely disappointed.  What sounds like a million dollars through headphones does not translate to what you hear through fm radio frequencies.  I have adjusted the iPOD's equalizer and played around with some options inside my car, but I am extremely disappointed.  If someone has a better alternative . . . GOD BLESS YOU but don't waste your money on this product
 My first mouse broke after only a few uses. When I sent it back for repairs, they sent back a refurbished mouse that did not work at all. Avoid buying this mouse at all costs
 When it works, this mouse is simply wonderful. Small, accurate, easy to recharge, easy to carry. Under those conditions, it's probably my favorite mouse. I've found that it's equally good for both Mac and Windows.When it works, this mouse is simply wonderful. Small, accurate, easy to recharge, easy to carry. Under those conditions, it's probably my favorite mouse. I've found that it's equally good for both Mac and Windows.One complaint is that when it's tethered to the USB port for recharging, it works nominally, but becomes very slow and awkward. It's not at all the same behavior as seen when it's completely free to move.One complaint is that when it's tethered to the USB port for recharging, it works nominally, but becomes very slow and awkward. It's not at all the same behavior as seen when it's completely free to move.My first incarnation of mouse lived a long life of about 10 months. My second incarnation of mouse, however, just died at the tender age of 4 months. I've attempted mouse-to-mouse resuscitation, but to no avail, having found that Iogear technical support exists by name only. I have sent multiple requests for help, and have received not a single answer. Both mice died identical deaths. Suddenly it stops being able to hold a charge, and freezes after about 5 minutes of use. Even when tethered to the USB port for a recharge it freezes. My first incarnation of mouse lived a long life of about 10 months. My second incarnation of mouse, however, just died at the tender age of 4 months. I've attempted mouse-to-mouse resuscitation, but to no avail, having found that Iogear technical support exists by name only. I have sent multiple requests for help, and have received not a single answer. Both mice died identical deaths. Suddenly it stops being able to hold a charge, and freezes after about 5 minutes of use. Even when tethered to the USB port for a recharge it freezes. I'm sad that a technologically good product should have such terrible quality assurance in its manufacture. And such terrible customer support in dealing with its lack of QA
 What a waste of money. For $300 you shouldn't HAVE to buy a protection plan for the 2nd year of a products life; unfortunately the poor quality of iPods makes it a necessity. BUT, the protection plan is riddled with clauses that exclude any number of reasonable issues. What a waste of money. For $300 you shouldn't HAVE to buy a protection plan for the 2nd year of a products life; unfortunately the poor quality of iPods makes it a necessity. BUT, the protection plan is riddled with clauses that exclude any number of reasonable issues. I've bought Apple for the last 15 years, but never again will I send them my money
 Although this policy is thru Apple, it is 2x the price of similar policies available from other companies that also have very good reputations.  One is Crutchfield.com which has a 2 yr. plan for $29.99 which starts *after* the standard Apple 1 yr labor coverage (for a TOTAL OF 3 YEARS).  Apple extended warranty is a total of 2 years for $59.99, rather than a total of 3 years for $29.99 thru Crutchfield
 After receiving this boon mic, I found it did not work consitently.  Losing contact with lost words, and the mic had to be held to the lips, therefore it was not truly hands free.  I require a mic that I do not have to touch to work and can be used with VO
 I received the camera and was not happy when I found a cheap mic that was attached to the cord of an ear peace instead of the the superior sound mic advertised in the ad.  I called Amazon, they had no appolgies and said the most they could do was refund my money.I received the camera and was not happy when I found a cheap mic that was attached to the cord of an ear peace instead of the the superior sound mic advertised in the ad.  I called Amazon, they had no appolgies and said the most they could do was refund my money.On another note the picture quality was ok but froze at least 2 times or better per use, as for sound I had to put the mic up to my mouth before the person on the other end could hear me.  On another note the picture quality was ok but froze at least 2 times or better per use, as for sound I had to put the mic up to my mouth before the person on the other end could hear me.  Not very happ
 The z-5450 has good points, reasonable cost, ease of use and ease of setup. It has a major fault in a buzzing noise made when the unit is turned on. Give this item a pass, wait for the next generation and a guarantee that this problem has been corrected
 This thing looks great - but it still has tracking problems as these cheap units tend to. Do yourself a favor and buy the cyber home - it's the only cheaper unit that seems to have some quality to it
 I searched Amazon.com for a multi-region DVD player so I could view DVDs that I have purchased overseas.  This DVD player came up.  There are no instructions within the packaging that state how to watch Non-region 1 DVDs.  I called the manufacturer and they told me how to "rigg" it to play region 2 DVDs.  Also, the remote control did not work from the very beginning and the manufacturer said I would need to pay money to replace it.  They also let me know that the DVD player will not work without the remote control (not compatible with universal remotes).  This is not a good product
 Maybe 2 1/2 stars. Software and wireless setup for this card went fine, even great, and have continued to work for over 1 1/2 years now but . . .Here's the rub.Seems the housing on the card that receives the threads of the antenna was not properly attached to the board.The antenna would not work properly - 0-50% signal strength from the Access Point in the next room when it wasn't falling off the back of my machine! Futzed with the thing getting half-*** performance with it for toooo long until . . .Had to remove board from computer, use plier to remove antenna from the recept and VERRY carefully place the card in a vice and use vice-grip/clamp tool to forcefully slide the 1/2" housing in place onto the board.Did this once and it didn't seat far enough (antenna fell off) and a couple weeks later had to repeat the process.Apparently it needed to be pressed on even further and it actually snapped (securely ?) the 2nd time after using more force that you might imagine on such a delicate device.It has worked as advertised since then (about a year now).There ARE other reviewers who have suffered from "antenna drops off" too. Be warned.When one pays extra "for quality" they should expect better than this.It's time again to add to my network and will try a different board (for half the price).
 This charger is flimsy. 1) As other mention, the "retractable" unit quickly became tangled, and without significant attention every single time (not feasible while driving), doesn't retract. 2) The plastic covering the wire at the base of the jack pulled loose, exposing the wires. 3) After a few months of very gentle use, the white plastic cover of the jack cracked and fell off. As a result, I'm back in the market for a charger, just months after buying this one
 i tried them on a sony dcr-trv33, and they clogged my heads in about 10min. of recording.i tried them on a sony dcr-trv33, and they clogged my heads in about 10min. of recording.the camera has worked fine for about two years now, and it's the first time i use other than sony. this camera went to the sony service center for a full cleaning/service about two months ago, and worked perfectly fine until i tried these tapes.the camera has worked fine for about two years now, and it's the first time i use other than sony. this camera went to the sony service center for a full cleaning/service about two months ago, and worked perfectly fine until i tried these tapes.i read somewhere that the tapes have a surface compound that lubricates the head, and that it is incompatible between brands, clogging the tape head when the different compounds mix in it. i didn't believe it then, and stil not.i read somewhere that the tapes have a surface compound that lubricates the head, and that it is incompatible between brands, clogging the tape head when the different compounds mix in it. i didn't believe it then, and stil not.according to that, maybe they are fine and you only have to stick with the brand. and i'll do, but another one
 After purchasing my Canon ZR-90 this summer, and using the four pack of TDK tapes ABC Warehouse gave me with the camcorder, I went online and found these tapes and bought two ten packs due to the great price and the JVC name.They have only done one thing, clogged up my video head on the camcorder.  I videotape my sons basketball games for their coaches and it was only after the first couple of games and bad recordings that I got onto Canon's website and realized my video head was clogged.  I purchased a head cleaner and the first tape after the cleaning taped great, but the next tape clogged my head up, so to use these tapes, I highly recommend you clean your video head after EACH use, which is not good for your video head on your camcorder
 It worked okay for about a month and then froze up one day when I was running.  I popped out the battery so it would turn off and when I turned it back on it had deleted all of the songs. 
 Don't waste your money. What iRiver doesn't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead, the system is useless. I will never buy one of their products again and I'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iRiver products. My system cost me $340.00 and it is now as useless as the customer service department at iRive
 The features, size, and design of this unit are what drew me in. But after just a few uses, I quickly came to realize that this was nothing more than cheap electronics wrapped up in an attractive, but completely unusable package. To start with, the unit is small - the smallest of its kind. But the bulky external mic makes the overall footprint just as large as some of the palmtop units that this was made to replace. Second, the unit has a built-in rechargeable battery that cannot be removed. So, when it crashes, which it does frequently, there is no way to "cold-boot" the unit by removing the battery. This is also a problem because it reduces the unit's true portability because you can easily get stuck with no remaining battery life and no AC power to recharge it. Then, what you have is a paperweight. Oh, and by the way, when you do have it plugged in to charge, the backlight is always on (even if the power is off). So forget about using this unit as a plugged in desktop recorder either.The features, size, and design of this unit are what drew me in. But after just a few uses, I quickly came to realize that this was nothing more than cheap electronics wrapped up in an attractive, but completely unusable package. To start with, the unit is small - the smallest of its kind. But the bulky external mic makes the overall footprint just as large as some of the palmtop units that this was made to replace. Second, the unit has a built-in rechargeable battery that cannot be removed. So, when it crashes, which it does frequently, there is no way to "cold-boot" the unit by removing the battery. This is also a problem because it reduces the unit's true portability because you can easily get stuck with no remaining battery life and no AC power to recharge it. Then, what you have is a paperweight. Oh, and by the way, when you do have it plugged in to charge, the backlight is always on (even if the power is off). So forget about using this unit as a plugged in desktop recorder either.But, all of this aside, the firmware simply does not work. It locks up incessantly and, with no way to reboot, you literally have to unplug it, wait for it to auto-power-off, and hope that you can start the machine up again. And, to add insult to injury, the body is a cheap Chinese-made piece of plastic with absolutely no meat on its bones.But, all of this aside, the firmware simply does not work. It locks up incessantly and, with no way to reboot, you literally have to unplug it, wait for it to auto-power-off, and hope that you can start the machine up again. And, to add insult to injury, the body is a cheap Chinese-made piece of plastic with absolutely no meat on its bones.Overall, don't be taken in by the low price. Paying any amount of money is too much for a unit that doesn't work
 The microtrack will not hold a charge by itself or even operate very long when hooked up to an external  usb battery pack. It just drains away under charge. The concept for  this  a pretty good , but the implementation woefully lacking almost to the point where I may not reliably recommend to others.
 I bought this product twice. Now I have two of them and none works. This router is not able to get itself an IP from the cable modem let alone sending out a wireless signal. First time i thought the router was defective and I ordered a new one hoping to return the first one, received the second one before i could return the first one, and the new one was no better than the other anyways. Avoid this product at all costs, or else
 Run WinXP, sp2 with everything updated.  I've had this router for 6 months.  It is the WGT624v3, firmware updated.  I never realized how bad the wireless was on this router until this week - dropped connetion 3 times in 15 minutes today alone, while reading the Amazon.com reviews.  My desktop PC's  graphics card went down this past week and I had to RMA it... so about 10 days to send out and get a return.  I have always used a wired connection for my home desktops.  The wireless access was a 'it's there if I need it' novelty.  I started brining my IBM R51 laptop home from work so I could get online, VPN into work, etc..  This is the first time I have used my wireless consistently for more than a hour or so.The last 10 days have been rediculous to say the least.  I logged on my first day and lost connection 5-6 times browsing MSN and Yahoo.  At first I thought it might be channel interference since 2 other routers in range were using channel 11.  I went ahead and disabled the 108G feature since I had never come close to hitting that speed anyways, and changed the channel..  I used the IBM ThinkVantage software to scan my area for other wireless routers and picked a channel not being used.  I changed channels and I verified my signal strength before and after I changed, 95% signal strength. The connection is still getting dropped randomly.  Changed channel to another channel not being used in my area and verified signal strength.  No difference.  Scanned the networks again using the IBM ThinkVantage software.. theres my router, 97% signal strength @ 54Mbs.  unplugged router, modem, repaired my WINSOCKS with WinsockXP, rebooted PC.  I turned on my modem first until is was ready to go, then the router until it was ready, and then my PC (as per the netgear website)and yea, no difference in the connections stability.  The conection is still getting dropped randomly.  I might expect this from a router thats on all the time and is getting tired from constantly being hammered. But I hardly ever used the wireless access (yes, wireless radio has been OFF).  After reading these reviews, I am pretty sure the problem wont go away.  The part that upsets me the most, I payed premium money for a product that I thought was premium.  If this had been priced (at the time) at bargain bin prices, I wouldn't of cared.. but it wasn't and i do.  The 'you get what you pay for' saying does not hold true for this product. Buyer Beware
 Caution. Creative used to have great support. Now, 60 days of phone support. I have a 9 month old ZEN Micro. It will not start, if I plug it in, it appears to charge but never completes, If I turn it on while plugged in i get to the Creative boot up screen, it goes blank and never completes the boot up. Useless junk now. I cnnot find my original receipt, (who can). I cannot be returned, and I cannot get support on it.Caution. Creative used to have great support. Now, 60 days of phone support. I have a 9 month old ZEN Micro. It will not start, if I plug it in, it appears to charge but never completes, If I turn it on while plugged in i get to the Creative boot up screen, it goes blank and never completes the boot up. Useless junk now. I cnnot find my original receipt, (who can). I cannot be returned, and I cannot get support on it.I will be returning my perfectly good running Vision M with receipt, as i cannot risk this device breaking down too.I will be returning my perfectly good running Vision M with receipt, as i cannot risk this device breaking down too.I have always hated Apple, I am a PC guy, but an Ipod will be my next MP3 device
 I wanted to connect a computer to a router, and the computer was going to be pretty far away from the router.  So I figured I needed a long cord, and decided to get this one, which is supposed to be cat 5 stranded patch (which was what I needed.)  Well, it's long.  That's the only good thing about this cord.  But the bad thing is so bad that the cord is useless.  There is nothing on the ends!  It's just a giant wire!  There aren't any connectors on the ends that I can use to plug the cord into my computer, or the router.  So I have a cord, but no connectors.  It's completely useless, unless I buy the connectors separately, and attach them myself.  Do I know how to do that?  Do I want to do that?  No.   So I'm returning this.  Maybe, if all you need is the cord (it's grey, by the way), and not the connectors, you might be able to use this.  Otherwise, it's completely useless.  If you can't find any cords this long that have connectors, maybe you should consider trying a shorter cord.  ..
 I agree with the previous review.  This phone cord worked twice.  Now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse.  I'm returning it for a refund.  Don't waste your time with this
 I have really enjoyed my I pod until I started to get errors in January 2006. I started to get an error that state that Itunes can't read to or write form the Disk meaning the Ipod itself. That means I cannot add music to or take music off of the Iopd. This was very upsetting to me as I have had this item for less than a year. I Finlay called tech support at Apple. They asked for the serial# for my Ipod. They told me it was out of warranty, that the warranty had expired in December of 2005 and there was NOTHING I could do, literally. I checked my purchase and found out that I had purchased this on April 7, 2005. I was so angry that they would tell me that it was out of warranty when it clearly was not. So, this is a warning to all Ipod owners of this potential problem
 DOnt buy and I had tough time in adjusting the ear piece as it falls out every time you hang it over the ear.
 We signed up with Vonage a couple of months ago.  Setting up the D-Link adapter was a snap and I had a dial tone quickly.  After several days, my line was ported and I thought everthing was ok.  We signed up with Vonage a couple of months ago.  Setting up the D-Link adapter was a snap and I had a dial tone quickly.  After several days, my line was ported and I thought everthing was ok.  That was until I tried calling my dad several times and he just hung up on me.  I heard his side clearly, but all he heard was static.  Others complained about our connection too.  Vonage support helped me change a few things on my account to take care of those problems.That was until I tried calling my dad several times and he just hung up on me.  I heard his side clearly, but all he heard was static.  Others complained about our connection too.  Vonage support helped me change a few things on my account to take care of those problems.However, I still have not been able to use my computer modem to fax.  I have tried multiple tips to get it to work, and still no luck.  Calling Vonage's tech support is horrible.  Long wait to talk with someone who doesn't speak good English nor has a clue about what to do with your problems.However, I still have not been able to use my computer modem to fax.  I have tried multiple tips to get it to work, and still no luck.  Calling Vonage's tech support is horrible.  Long wait to talk with someone who doesn't speak good English nor has a clue about what to do with your problems.The worst part is that Vonage makes you sign up for a contract.  If it wasn't for that, people would flee in droves.  I think it will get better, but it has a way to g
 These were expensive.....These are a P. O. S.If you dont know what POS is google it, because I cant say it on amazon. Basically, the layer has an OFFSET. The layers do not match in position. This will give you CRC errors if you have a file which is directly on a layer break, or at the end of the disk. DO NOT BUY, I REPEAT, DO NOT BUY.IM NOT SURE WHY MEMOREX HASNT RECALLED THEIR CRUMMY PRODUCT
 these were not recognizable by my Sony Dual layer burner... maybe with more attempts and practice they will be
 My wife bought this as a gift for me, thinking that it included an FM tuner. For ten dollars more, she could have purchased a product that does everything this one does (it is essentially a $35 car charger) plus the tuner.  If you want to use this product to actually listen to your iPod in your car, you'll need to purchase yet another device: either the cassette adapter (old school! part F8V366-APL) or the FM transmitter (part F8V367-APL).  Either one connects through a jack in the side of this unit.  The FM transmitter is another $40 (you're now $20-30 over what the Monster iCarPlay, which does all of the above, would have cost you)...and, surprise!  The transmitter takes AAA batteries!  There's no way to power the transmitter through the Auto Kit.  To power the FM transmitter without batteries, you must purchase yet a third accessory, the "Mobile Power Cord for iPod" (F8V7067-APL, just $15!)...except your car's power plug is occupied by the Auto Kit, so you'll need to buy a twin-plug adapter for that.My wife bought this as a gift for me, thinking that it included an FM tuner. For ten dollars more, she could have purchased a product that does everything this one does (it is essentially a $35 car charger) plus the tuner.  If you want to use this product to actually listen to your iPod in your car, you'll need to purchase yet another device: either the cassette adapter (old school! part F8V366-APL) or the FM transmitter (part F8V367-APL).  Either one connects through a jack in the side of this unit.  The FM transmitter is another $40 (you're now $20-30 over what the Monster iCarPlay, which does all of the above, would have cost you)...and, surprise!  The transmitter takes AAA batteries!  There's no way to power the transmitter through the Auto Kit.  To power the FM transmitter without batteries, you must purchase yet a third accessory, the "Mobile Power Cord for iPod" (F8V7067-APL, just $15!)...except your car's power plug is occupied by the Auto Kit, so you'll need to buy a twin-plug adapter for that.Are we having fun yet?  I'm not, and am wishing I'd skipped all this nonsense and just purchased the iCarPlay in the first place
 I am the owner of a home day care and I had all of the kids bring in T-shirts so that we could all create our own unique father's day gifts with these iron-on transfers. When I say that I followed the directions Precisely I am not fooling! I was so concerned about slip ups that I made sure I followed the directions to the letter, but every time I tried to pull off the cooled transfer paper off came half of the design and the rest styed on the paper! Very disappointing
 Very bad start, bad point for Amazon. I wanted to get a good quality device and that is the reason I chose buying from Amazon even it was more expensive than other sites. I just turned on the device and tried to search for broadcasts. It was like all the radios in US were shut down or at least in my region. By mistake I filliped the device and surprise: the device started receiving radio signal. After that everything seemed to be OK but some strange noise in headphones.   Cons: failure/malfunctioning while operating the radio.Pros: 	- great sound (with other than manufacturer provided headphones);- long operating time using rechargeable battery- excellent expandable via SD cards feature- I love the flip display capabilityI really love that device because of its features and I hope it was only my mischance getting a damaged one. However I requested Amazon the replacement of the device instead of reimbursement. I also already advised some friends to buy that device.As a good point for Amazon, the very fast answer when I requested the replacement of the device. I will come back with updates after I receive the replacement. Hope a good one next time.Thank you Amazon Team.Thank you Amazon Team.Coming back after receiving the replacement device.First of all it was a very good idea buying Amazon fulfilled products even it was a bit more expensive than other sellers. The replacement came faster than the product. Excellent Amazon Team and very professional. It's a pleasure doing business with you.The device works perfectly. Really a device you must have. More than that, my friends I recommended the mp3 player are very happy with their new acquisition.  They were luckier than me. 5 Stars for the product now.
 Yeah, the Nano Dock is useful; however, be aware that it comes with NO cords whatsoever. This means that you have to purchase yet another accessory for it to be of any practical use. BOO Apple! There is absolutely no excuse for following in the footsteps of Microsoft
 Just got this camera in the mail as a birthday present. Installing the software was easy, but unfortunately the camera is essentially broken. It is only (somewhat) in-focus for items about 1 inch away. Adjusting the focus ring doesn't help, so this camera's build seems to be defective. My brother bought the same camera and it doesn't seem to have the same problem. Anyway, returning mine.
 I had a D-link USB adaptor before which was really good, but was old.  I upgraded to a wireless G Linksys USB adaptor, but I was supplied with old goods (a Linksys sales manager confirmed that), so I sent that back.  I thought I'd try D-Link again.  Bad move.  First, I tried to upgrade the drivers.  My current version was 1.0.5.0.  I downloaded the version 1.12 from D-Link's site.  After uninstalling and reinstalling (several times) I still had 1.0.5.0.  An hour and a half on the phone with D-Link tech support and I still had 1.0.5.0.  Another hour on Google, and I'm not the only one with this issue.  Seems to be a version-control issue with D-Link.  Then, even more irritating, every time after I use my wired connection and go back to wireless I have to reinstall the drivers and reboot.  And re-enter all my security info again.  (I believe this has something to do with using a different USB port from the last time, but whatever the reason, it's unacceptable).  This adaptor's going back too.  Don't know what I'll try next. 
 The long cord simply didn't work. I returned it to Maxell, using the address on the back of the package, and had the product returned to me because the facility has closed. I've spent almost $5 trying to return an $8 product.
 These discs are not really TDK - they are low-quality discs branded and priced as TDK.  I have a Samsung S182M DVD Burner and it will not recognize these discs at all.  It just spins them around and around forever.  The one time I got it to recognize one of these, it reported that it was Media ID Daxon0016s.  Avoid these.
 SUCKS I had this right form the start with my compaq 7970 which is amd k7 processor and has the via chipset.  The computer seemed to work for a while or at least had few errors when I first used it but I guess that was when I had windows 98 for 2 years. When I upgraded to windows XP it just got terrible I had frequent blue screens and errors. I thought it was my video card or my ram or Irq sharing tried all that didn't seem to be it.  Eventually I was wrong it was this card as mentioned before by others apparently it does not like some amount of internet use and when the card gets stuck it shuts down and windows xp just says error or points to the video card or irq sharing ot page fault in non page area as the problem.  The card was the problem buy another card other than fa310,fa311 the one I have and fa312 even if you have intel or something else I would not waist my money on this card it will probably give you problems down the road.  I have tried updates from [...] and updating my ram and video card  have checked my irqs and reformating hard drive none worked. I put in a 3 com card I bought a few years before this computer and wow no crashes that other computer is now wirelessly connected to my home network
 Please! for the love of god! do not buy this product! it is absolutly horrible. i'll admit that since i bought my computer and go this card back in 2002, i hadn't had problems until the past few months. i play an online game - a MMORPG - and after every time the game is updated and i have to install the updates i am unable to log onto the game! it freezes up, and either makes my computer crash or destroys my internet connections, forcing me to restart. as you can imagine, this gets rather frustrating, and if you play MMORPGs, you can see how it is even more frustrating. i am currently running XP home edition. i beg you, DO NOT BUY THIS ETHERNET CARD JUST BECAUSE IT IS THE CHEAPEST ONE OUT THERE! you get what you pay for! now i'm off to buy a new one
 The photo on the Target website shows a cable input/output for cable protection. The unit arrived with a phone line input/output-not much help for those expecting protection on their cable line
 I have a G4 tower Mac that did have a built in Ethernet.  Unfortunately, a lightening strike took out the port and I was forced to get a PCI card to replace the port.  The first card I bought was the D-Link DFE-530TX+.  I was excited because the box clearly said that the card would work with Macs and that the "minimum requirement" was OS 10.2.I have a G4 tower Mac that did have a built in Ethernet.  Unfortunately, a lightening strike took out the port and I was forced to get a PCI card to replace the port.  The first card I bought was the D-Link DFE-530TX+.  I was excited because the box clearly said that the card would work with Macs and that the "minimum requirement" was OS 10.2.They lied.  OS 10.2 is the _maximum_ for this card.  For most people, it won't work with 10.3 and up.  D-Link has no driver for 10.3 or higher, only 10.2.  A google search shows that some people have been able to get the card to work with 10.3.  I couldn't.  I tried several different drivers (some users recommended a driver from Realtek) and none worked.They lied.  OS 10.2 is the _maximum_ for this card.  For most people, it won't work with 10.3 and up.  D-Link has no driver for 10.3 or higher, only 10.2.  A google search shows that some people have been able to get the card to work with 10.3.  I couldn't.  I tried several different drivers (some users recommended a driver from Realtek) and none worked.It's my guess (and totally a guess) that this card is really only for older Macs that are limited to 10.2.  D-Link doesn't seem to have any intention of supporting modern Macs.It's my guess (and totally a guess) that this card is really only for older Macs that are limited to 10.2.  D-Link doesn't seem to have any intention of supporting modern Macs.This is the second D-Link product I've used (the first was a cable modem) and I've been disappointed both times.  I can't speak for Windows users, but this company doesn't deserve Mac business.
 I started out with 2 gigabytes. And then after I had filled this card with about 500 photos, I downloaded all the photos to my computer. After deleting all of the photos from this card, the capacity had suddenly decreased to only half! What happened to the other 1 gigabyte? I'm sure they pre-formatted this card to appear like it's 2 gigabytes, but what a surprise when you start using it. Not good
 I canceled the order of Velocity DVD-R disks since it took too long to deliver
 These radios look nice but there are some problems here. First the batteries do not last long unless you do not talk. Second the biggest problem for me was uncompatibility with other radios and brands. The receive quality is very poor and hard to understand at times. I also hace a T7200 and the difference is like night and day. The 7200 is the best. The 7400 i believe is an has flaws and that is why you see them priced so low. I paid $24.00 on ebay and also have seen the set at home depot clearance for $44.00 today. What good is any radio if you cant understand what someone is saying? Good try motorola but this is a poor product.NOT RECOMMENDED TO PURCHASE
 I ordered this radio back in May and I still don't have them.  It is now September.  I have exchanged several emails with Amazon, the first one I received a very nice but untrue reply.  The second response was borderline rude but at least honest, they told me that they don't have the product and don't know when they will.  If you are looking for something to use now, don't waste your time with ordering this radio
 The box says you can either "power" or "charge" your iPod with the Powerjolt. To me, "power" means listening to the iPod while it is plugged in to the Powerjolt.   However, there is an overwhelming amount of buzz and static when the iPod is playing while connected to the Powerjolt.  Maybe this thing works ok to "charge" while the iPod is not playing, but it is not an acceptable way to "power" the iPod while it is playing. 
 I commute via public transportation, the majority of that on a noisy train. Earbuds and over ear headphones don't block out enough of the noise to enjoy the music. I received these Philips HN110 headphones as a gift. I commute via public transportation, the majority of that on a noisy train. Earbuds and over ear headphones don't block out enough of the noise to enjoy the music. I received these Philips HN110 headphones as a gift. When I first got these I was pretty disappointed at how flimsy they appeared. I have some KOSS over ear head phones which are nice and beefy. These are scrawny but on the other hand take up less space. They use a single AAA batt. Using them on the train I was able to turn down the volume on my music player a tad but a lot of the noise still gets through. I'm not an expert on these but I guess this noise cancelling works mainly on lower frequencies. Alot of the noise on the train is higher in pitch and thus gets through. The next thing I noticed was that with a cord coming out of both the left and right earphone you are limited in how you can put these on and take them off. My KOSS and Sony headphones and earbuds use the single cord to one phone and the connecting cord from there (or it runs through the headphone band). I realize I like this single cord feature very much. Again these Philips HN 110 don't have this. When I first got these I was pretty disappointed at how flimsy they appeared. I have some KOSS over ear head phones which are nice and beefy. These are scrawny but on the other hand take up less space. They use a single AAA batt. Using them on the train I was able to turn down the volume on my music player a tad but a lot of the noise still gets through. I'm not an expert on these but I guess this noise cancelling works mainly on lower frequencies. Alot of the noise on the train is higher in pitch and thus gets through. The next thing I noticed was that with a cord coming out of both the left and right earphone you are limited in how you can put these on and take them off. My KOSS and Sony headphones and earbuds use the single cord to one phone and the connecting cord from there (or it runs through the headphone band). I realize I like this single cord feature very much. Again these Philips HN 110 don't have this. I also noticed that when the Noise Cancelling is turned on and the wind is blowing you can hear the wind as if it were amplified. I also noticed that when the Noise Cancelling is turned on and the wind is blowing you can hear the wind as if it were amplified. After about a month and a half the battery compartment door latch broke inside. Now I can't open the battery compartment without doing some damage to these headphones. I checked Philips website for info on these phones but I couldn't find any. I called their customer support and they told me I had to call a different #. I called the different number and got the Return Merchandise Authorization # but was told I need to send the receipt in. I got them as a gift so I don't have the receipt. After about a month and a half the battery compartment door latch broke inside. Now I can't open the battery compartment without doing some damage to these headphones. I checked Philips website for info on these phones but I couldn't find any. I called their customer support and they told me I had to call a different #. I called the different number and got the Return Merchandise Authorization # but was told I need to send the receipt in. I got them as a gift so I don't have the receipt. In summary, their noise cancelling ability is pretty week. Better than my hefty non-noise cancelling KOSS over ears or my stethascope like Sony ear buds but only by about 10% or so (just to put a number in their). Flimsy design. Cords from both earphones. Hear the wind amplified. Battery compartment latch broke after a month and a half and their warrenty sucks
 After only having the cable for a week under very light usage, the cable stopped working intermittently. It makes crackling noises when the cable is moved. I am not talking about whipping or quick movement, just gentle movement of the cable causes crackling and loss of signal. I was about to scrap the cable altogether but I decided to resolder the connector to see if that would help. I cut off about half a foot of the cable and resoldered it, only to find that the same problem persisted. I got a bad cable, obviously..
 The iM3c was a gift - looked like a great little portable stereo for my Pod. First used it on a trip. Started off playing ok and then the sound cut in and out. Frustrated me for the week as I didn't know if it would play or not on any given day. When it did play it was ok but not great. Finally, it didn't play anymore.The iM3c was a gift - looked like a great little portable stereo for my Pod. First used it on a trip. Started off playing ok and then the sound cut in and out. Frustrated me for the week as I didn't know if it would play or not on any given day. When it did play it was ok but not great. Finally, it didn't play anymore.Returned it to the Apple Store where purchased to find that there was only a 15 day return policy and I missed it by 2 days. So, I tried to contact Altec Lansing. The phone number in the owners book didn't work although I tried for several days. Then I emailed the Altec support email. No response after two emails.Returned it to the Apple Store where purchased to find that there was only a 15 day return policy and I missed it by 2 days. So, I tried to contact Altec Lansing. The phone number in the owners book didn't work although I tried for several days. Then I emailed the Altec support email. No response after two emails.Sometimes a product doesn't work and it's easy to return or get repaired. On this one, it looks like this product will be finding the trash can.Sometimes a product doesn't work and it's easy to return or get repaired. On this one, it looks like this product will be finding the trash can.Do not buy.Do not buy.
 Bought a cell phone battery that, of course, died one week past their return/refund deadline. Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective. This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again. Consider yourself warned
 I bought the TDK Mojo 256 about a year and 3 months ago. It worked wonderfully for the first year - did what it was supposed to and the radio quality was great. Then I upgraded to Windows XP and that's when everything started going wrong. This MP3 player needs propreitary software to copy files from your hard disk or CD to the mp3 player. Unfortunately the software doesn't work well at all with XP. Right now, my player is piece of junk. I have tried copying files which it shows as copied but then when you reconnect the player, they don't show up on there. What's more, formatting the internal memory will also not release the space and so I have the internal memory full but it shows up in the software as free. However, it won't copy over any new files and gives me a "Storage Full" error. It doesn't act reliably with XP either and I had to unplug and replug several times for it to even read the list of songs on the mp3. It lasted all of 15 months. While it sounds like a great deal ( good features for price ). DO NOT buy this if you will be using it with XP and if you do, please don't expect it to last more than 12-15 months
 This player is a piece of junk.First the USB really doesnt mean you can hot swap. You can access the files only if the software is installed on the computer which means that you cannot pick up MP3 from any computer.Second, it gives errors with XP. It tries  to install drivers every time.THird, removing old and adding new MP3 is such a hassle. It takes minutes to delete old files and add new. Seems like you are working with a floppy.Fourth, its Mojo software hangs all the time.Fifth, it sucks battery life.Sixth, if your MP3 is not in a directory, i.e. if copied directly, it wont show. Then it wont delete and will show 200 MB as not free space. Formatting is the only way out.Seventh, it came with a mail in rebate which never showed up.Overall, a bad experience
 Does the unit work??,...Well yes to a degree. It takes 6 holes to lock on to the satellites and then does a fair job of giving distances. The display is poor and though they say "up to 40 objects per hole" there is normally 2-4 objects per hole. All this depends upon the Skycaddie course recorder. The user (you) can not modify the course or add any objects that the  course recorder didn't think was important.Now the bad part. The unit attaches via button and belt clip (like a cell phone). My button (part that attaches to main unit) has died twice in the first 30 days. When it breaks again,...which it will often,..the unit will probally hit the dirt. This isn't good. But fear not. It will be packed away weeks trying to get in touch with Skygolf. And another week to get a replacement button (which has been modified even weaker than the original one). Now my replacement broke on the first time I clipped it to the belt. Now back to Skycaddie to get another. After being on hold for another hour, they need to transfer you to another tech that handles parts. This will take another hour. You then get a message to leave a message. Normally within a week someone will call you back. By normally I mean about 35% of the time you leave messages they return them. Would I buy another,... duh,.... NO
 You don't have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing with digital signals.  Keep in mind that all digital interfaces have error correction built into them. Did you know the internal components of consumer electronics are connected with tin and nickel?  There's no gold inside!  So there's no need for oxygen-free, gold tipped, multi sheilded, super mega supreme cables.   If you don't believe me, buy this cable and a no-name cheapie.  Compare them for yourself -- you will see no difference.You don't have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing with digital signals.  Keep in mind that all digital interfaces have error correction built into them. Did you know the internal components of consumer electronics are connected with tin and nickel?  There's no gold inside!  So there's no need for oxygen-free, gold tipped, multi sheilded, super mega supreme cables.   If you don't believe me, buy this cable and a no-name cheapie.  Compare them for yourself -- you will see no difference.With analog signals, a good quality cable may make a difference (although the difference is usually only visible on an oscilloscope).
 Have you ever heard the saying that something would cost you "an arm and a leg"? These cables cost that, your first son, and bidding rights to your estate. Don't get me wrong- Monster makes great cables. Let there be no confusion on this point. But they're just incredibly expensive, and this is made much worse with these cables.Have you ever heard the saying that something would cost you "an arm and a leg"? These cables cost that, your first son, and bidding rights to your estate. Don't get me wrong- Monster makes great cables. Let there be no confusion on this point. But they're just incredibly expensive, and this is made much worse with these cables.Several people have pointed out that the digital signal on HDMI cables must adhere to error-correction and certain standards (even a $10 cable cable must meet some specifications to even reach production)- and this is largely true. Unless BluRay implements new features that require new cables at some point in the future, there's really very little difference between HDMI cables. Yes, the gold-plated pins and other features will improve your connection a bit, but the improvement will be far less than you'd see between any other "cheap" versus "designer" cables on the market.Several people have pointed out that the digital signal on HDMI cables must adhere to error-correction and certain standards (even a $10 cable cable must meet some specifications to even reach production)- and this is largely true. Unless BluRay implements new features that require new cables at some point in the future, there's really very little difference between HDMI cables. Yes, the gold-plated pins and other features will improve your connection a bit, but the improvement will be far less than you'd see between any other "cheap" versus "designer" cables on the market.But Monster cables really are made to a standard that makes some difference, and that's worth mentioning. This cable is built sturdy, so that none but the most harsh of treatment could ever damage it. And the shielding isn't just the usual electrical shielding- Monster cables are toughened to the point that I wouldn't doubt if they're certified against nuclear fallout. If you have the money to blow and you want the confidence of knowing that your entertainment center could fare well in an EMP strike, you're looking at the right cables.But Monster cables really are made to a standard that makes some difference, and that's worth mentioning. This cable is built sturdy, so that none but the most harsh of treatment could ever damage it. And the shielding isn't just the usual electrical shielding- Monster cables are toughened to the point that I wouldn't doubt if they're certified against nuclear fallout. If you have the money to blow and you want the confidence of knowing that your entertainment center could fare well in an EMP strike, you're looking at the right cables.But for nearly all consumers, these cables cost 4x as much as alternatives, with no real plusses. At the very least, you can pick up a mid-grade cable (Sony, etc) at a mid-grade price ($40) to get the increased sturdiness and the gold-plated connections. And over these products, the Monster cables basically have nothing at all except their branding. Please do look up a cheaper alternative this time, and spend some of the extra money on an extra set of whatever tools you use to keep your screen clean. You'll get much better results with these tools than you will worrying about $100 HDMI cables
 What do they say about fools and money?What do they say about fools and money?HDMI uses TMDS which is a digital transmission system with built-in error correction. TMDS has been designed to work over cheap cabling and a $10 HDMI cable will meet the specification. If you spend 9 times more on this cable than another one then you have just wasted $80. That's all there is to it. HDMI uses TMDS which is a digital transmission system with built-in error correction. TMDS has been designed to work over cheap cabling and a $10 HDMI cable will meet the specification. If you spend 9 times more on this cable than another one then you have just wasted $80. That's all there is to it. You don't need expensive shielding or gold plated connectors for a cable. The picture or the sound are not richer or more vibrant with a $90 cable over a $10. In fact the signal is identical. Let me repeat - HDMI (& DVI-D) devices talk digitally with error correction. This cable and ones like it are for suckers only.
 If you can't abide an ever-present low hiss in the background, and louder interference in the presence of power lines, don't buy this product.  I wish I'd read the reviews more carefully before I bought.  A number of even the most favorable ones mentioned this annoyance.If you can't abide an ever-present low hiss in the background, and louder interference in the presence of power lines, don't buy this product.  I wish I'd read the reviews more carefully before I bought.  A number of even the most favorable ones mentioned this annoyance.The manufacturer replaced the first unit after I complained, but it was no improvement.  This may be the best product of its type out there, but it still comes up short.The manufacturer replaced the first unit after I complained, but it was no improvement.  This may be the best product of its type out there, but it still comes up short.
 I think this product design concept is great.  I love the flexibe arm size.  It fits great in my car.  The CRAPPY part.  I live near metro st. louis and i could not hold a signal ANYWHERE!  I always had some intereference.  whether it was fuzz or the signal going in and out.  This product did not meet my expectations, especially since the back of the package states I should have crystal clear sound.  This is not true.  I have returned this product after little success over the first week of purchase.  I am now waiting to get my DLO transpod 2 in the mail to try it out.  I want something to work!
 I have to say, since I really started listening to music I have payed attention to a lot more detail of sound.  With that said I am not a bass junky; but bass and compression of the overall mix is what makes a sound a good sound.  I currently owned a pair of Sony MDR-EX81LP (that cost me 30-40 dollars a year ago) I am a medical student and I study all day and all night, but cannot have my music blasting.  Conversely I needed to have a nice isolation of my sound.  Comparing my old Sony to the new ER-6 that I just got, I am EXTREMELY DISSAPOINTED with their performance.  I was expecting a great sound with minimal noise from the outside and get almost no response at the level that I studied with my old ear buds. To be fair remember that these are not noise cancelling, they are noise reducing.  There is no component involved here, they are basically really good earplugs with speakers in them.  My wife just ran the vacuum and I barely heard it.  The earplug reduced noise feature is great and comfortable; however my other ones (Sony earbuds) sound better.  A combination of the two would be great.  Keep in mind that this is my opinion and make your own based on why you are buying earbuds.  Environmental sound reduction is great, sound quality is not as good as some others.....choose your fault and pay attention to pricing. 
 I was disappointed with these earphones. The sound level was low and higher frequency sound seemed attenuated.  The $30 Sony MDR-EX51 earphones I already owned sounded much better
 I have had the 325 model for less than a year.  Up until recently I was satisfied with its performance using it to print less than 5 pictures at a time.  Recently, I needed to print a series of pictures (more than 10 in one sitting) and had an error message-print cartridge jam-I fixed the paper jam but continued to get the error message. I  called HP and they stated this was a fatal error in the unit and encouraged me to purchase the updated model rather than fix my printer.  I searched the internet for a solution only to find that others had encountered this and the solution was to purchase the "new'model- A not very cost effective solution as this was not supposted to be a disposable model.
 DON'T BUY THESE THINGS !  THEY GO BAD AND SANDISK WON'T REPLACE THEM.  BUY OCZ OR A-DATA OR SOMETHING. THESE THINGS ARE VERY UNRELIABLE..
 I bought the Sony 128 MB Memory Stick (MSH-128) a few months ago, but I only used it once. When I was in my 20th picture, an error appeared in the screen of my Sony P100 camera:I bought the Sony 128 MB Memory Stick (MSH-128) a few months ago, but I only used it once. When I was in my 20th picture, an error appeared in the screen of my Sony P100 camera:Error C:13:01, Memory Stick failedError C:13:01, Memory Stick failedFirst, I went to Sony Service Center, but they didn't know what was happening. Then, I went to different Sony Stores, but the only answer they gave me was that my Memory Stick is failed, that it's impossible to fix or format it and, the worst, there is no way to save the pictures !!!!First, I went to Sony Service Center, but they didn't know what was happening. Then, I went to different Sony Stores, but the only answer they gave me was that my Memory Stick is failed, that it's impossible to fix or format it and, the worst, there is no way to save the pictures !!!!Finally, I tried to solved it by myself, and I "google" the C:13:01 error. If you do it, you will find hundreds of people with the same problem, looking for a solution.Finally, I tried to solved it by myself, and I "google" the C:13:01 error. If you do it, you will find hundreds of people with the same problem, looking for a solution.That's why I don't recommend this product. If all of us have the same problem, you can be the next
 A friend gave me this card for free, when I travled to Arizona. I use this card in my Dell X51V.A friend gave me this card for free, when I travled to Arizona. I use this card in my Dell X51V.From time to time, this card can't be recoginize by the PDA. I have to pull it out and re-insert it in, and reset my PDA.Then oneday, my GPS software showed "Map data corrupted". All the data in the card was wiped out, and the card's space reduced to around 300M, have no idea where the remaining space goes to.Then oneday, my GPS software showed "Map data corrupted". All the data in the card was wiped out, and the card's space reduced to around 300M, have no idea where the remaining space goes to.Don't put important data on this one!!! That's my lesson
 I bought this SD card on April 11. Unfortunately, the card doesn't work properly, in fact, my camera and my computer never detect it. I bought this SD card on April 11. Unfortunately, the card doesn't work properly, in fact, my camera and my computer never detect it. Also, I recived a different card, it didn't like the picture on this page. I think I was swindled. Also, I recived a different card, it didn't like the picture on this page. I think I was swindled. Well, I had to buy another SD card
 I purchased the 1gb Lexar card, and 5 hours after I started using it, I've got corrupted data that no amount of formating or data deletion will remedy.  Given that I had already disceted the box into small pieces to send in for mail in rebates, I contacted Lexar and sent it to them on a Warrenty claim [cheaper then driving back to the retail location I purchased it at anyway].I purchased the 1gb Lexar card, and 5 hours after I started using it, I've got corrupted data that no amount of formating or data deletion will remedy.  Given that I had already disceted the box into small pieces to send in for mail in rebates, I contacted Lexar and sent it to them on a Warrenty claim [cheaper then driving back to the retail location I purchased it at anyway].I got it back yesterday, and it was suffering the same problem I sent it in for in the first place!I got it back yesterday, and it was suffering the same problem I sent it in for in the first place!Their solution, they pay for the return shipping of card #2, and swap it out for two 512mb cards.Their solution, they pay for the return shipping of card #2, and swap it out for two 512mb cards.Not happy.  But at least they are somewhat responsive to fixing the problem
 I bought a brand new unit directly from Garmin. It worked for about a week, then it would no longer charge. I returned it and got a REFURBISHED UNIT in exchange.I bought a brand new unit directly from Garmin. It worked for about a week, then it would no longer charge. I returned it and got a REFURBISHED UNIT in exchange.The refurbished unit did better.. it lasted 3 weeks before failing. To use it, I must use the charger plug constantly, as the unit will not charge.The refurbished unit did better.. it lasted 3 weeks before failing. To use it, I must use the charger plug constantly, as the unit will not charge.Sending it back now to try a third unit
 I had bought this item due to good review before I went to a trip to Bulgaria. However, it plugs in but doesn't work. Why? I don't know. how should I deal with it now?  Is it a defect one? I have no idea, to me I just lost 17 dollars for an experience. (don't buy electronic items from a book store, even it's cheaper) Fortunate I also bought Targus travel adaptor set that save me
 If you have a 30 gig. video iPod, mabey.  But for a 60 gig. it is too tight to it, got a mark on iPod after taking it out, covered up part of the screen on mine, and I'm taking it back right away.If you have a 30 gig. video iPod, mabey.  But for a 60 gig. it is too tight to it, got a mark on iPod after taking it out, covered up part of the screen on mine, and I'm taking it back right away.It is a waste of money to buy this product and I made a mistake by getting it for myself.  Get a different case than this one
 Please, do not buy or use this product. The "hand-stitched, supple leather" scratched my new 60G black iPod video. The description says it "will fit all iPod videos" but mine was very tight. So far, DLO has not answered my complaints. Neither has Apple. I bought the Speck ToughSkin (have not received it yet) and hope it helps me heal the pain. Bad product
 It was horrible, soon as i plug the speakers in it was making a constant noise, really annoying, the speakers were junk, worst purchase i've ever made from amazon. I would've returned them but I didn't want to go through the trouble of sending it back. So i just smashed them and went to best buy and got new ones. I know it was a cheap speaker, but hell it should atleast work properly. Talk about trash
 These speakers are unusable. They give off horrible feedback even when there's not a cell phone or cordless phone in the room
 This machine is  great looking, compact, and  seems to be the perfect combination fax/answering machine/speakerphone.  One major problem:  The phone is well below average in sound quality,  and the speaker is absolutely terrible.  The tiny, poorly made speaker is placed in the back left side of the unit and and is totaly inaudible at loud volumes due to distortion.  The fax is great,  the print quality is great,  the speed is great, but you have to lower the volume and lean over with your head against the speaker  to hear messages.  This problem also renders the speakerphone useless.  I returned this unit twice thinking it was defective, but spoke to HP and was told that is just the way this unit works.  Buy the Panasonic KX-FHD351  if you  need a great sounding unit.  The only problem with the Panasonic is that it doesn't come in black,  but is a much better phone/answering/speakerphone. 
 I bought it for my c340 but it does not work with it. Maybe it was my fault for not reading the description in depth.  I really thought it did say it is good for street pilots, though. There might not be anything wrong with the item but it needs a better technical description
 I agree with the previous review.  This phone cord worked twice.  Now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse.  I'm returning it for a refund.  Don't waste your time with this
 I am on my second one and I will be returning this one also. Both of them worked once and then would not retract fully after that. I was so mad I almost threw it against the wall. I thought the first one was a defect, but then when I got the second one I realized it was a design flaw... If you buy the Targus one keep your receipt because I guarantee you will be returning it. What I don't get is how Targus has the guts to release this product and also put on it: Satisfaction Guaranteed. What a joke..
 This card is on its way back to Amazon.  I purchased it as it was one of the "recommended items" with the camera I also purchased, never mind that it doesn't work with the camera.  I'm not hugely tech savvy--I (wrongly) assumed that any items recommended with the main item (a $500 camera) would be compatible.  Check to make sure that any recommended accessories will actually achieve what you want them to. 
 This isn't the type of behavior i would expect from such a valuable and big company as Amazon is. They cancelled my order same way as the other people's. They didn't even send any notification email and i found my order cancelled by looking at the site. Amazon MUST learn that this is illegal and they must ship all the orders placed, if they made a mistake pricing the item is THEIR problem not ours and more after many customers confirmed the price over telephone. If Amazon don't ship the orders already placed they will throw stones over their own roof and make lots of bad publicity. I'm one of many who won't be buying anything ever if Amazon don't send me my ordered items. Count with me for any legal actions that may be taken
 I bought these because I have an HP printer and figured they would be best for the shirts I want to make.  I couldn't get them to take for anything in the world.  I put the pressure on it, ironed them longer, everything you can think of and they still wouldn't take.  Then when I finally got one to take it completely cracked and crumbled and started peeling off before an hour was up. It never made it to the wash, so now I am out the money I paid for them and still have no shirts.  Any other brands you suggest instead
 It's the most expensive CF card with absolutely no customer support.  After a while the CF card stopped working - no power light as if the card &quot;burned out&quot;.  I really can't tell you exactly what went wrong because it's impossible to contact someone at Socket customer support. I followed their web-site instructions but was never contacted. I'll never buy another Socket product again
 Connects to your Microsoft Pocket PC and will not work with a Palm.  If you mistakenly order, AMAZON.COM will not refund your shipping.  Have a nice day
 It states in the Technical Details that you can get 450 pictures from this cartridge. This is not true.  After much discussion with HP, they finally admitted that it's only rated for 150 4 x 6 pictures.  My experience is that you actually get a little under 100 pictures from it.  If you're buying this cartridge, you've probably already bought the printer, but you should know before you buy the printer that you're going to go through a lot of expensive ink
 I put this item in my cart -- it was one of the "buy both now" deals.  The problem is, the first item was sold by Amazon, with free shipping, the second item was sold by another company with outrageous shipping costs.I put this item in my cart -- it was one of the "buy both now" deals.  The problem is, the first item was sold by Amazon, with free shipping, the second item was sold by another company with outrageous shipping costs.I caught this easily while checking out but just wanted to post a "buyer beware" to check the shipping costs
 I love the functionality of this armband. The problem is that it keeps breaking. The place at which the band loops through the holder keeps breaking.. I'm on my second one and it is almost ready for another replacement..
 This LEXAR brand has had issues with it's Memory Cards.  I lost lots of pictures from a vacation to Disney World and a Convention. Their site had SOFTWARE that was to help recover some of those lost images!!  I have never had Flash memory trouble until LEXAR!  I now only buy SCANDISK items. Samsung invented this tecnology and SD is their product. The Store I bought the LEXAR chip was in a hurry to give me another chip I could trust. He gave me the higher costing SD chip. I wasn't the first to have issues from buying it in his store. He took a $50.00 loss to make me happy. People take lots of photos now that we went Digital. Imagine looking for some pictures you know you took and they are not there!  Most think they messed up. WIth this chip you will have that happen so pay very close attention. Most of what is lost can not be recovered. Pay the extra money for SCANDISK.
 The remote control is OK.The remote control is OK.But the earbuds are horrible! They are very sensitive to your particular "ear anatomy". I suppose they fit for some people, but for me they are useless. They stay in for a few seconds, but don't dare do anything like running, walking, or moving your head and expect them to stay in.But the earbuds are horrible! They are very sensitive to your particular "ear anatomy". I suppose they fit for some people, but for me they are useless. They stay in for a few seconds, but don't dare do anything like running, walking, or moving your head and expect them to stay in.Much better to get lightweight headphones with an over-the-head or behind-the-head band, or even the models with "hooks" that fit over the top of your ears.
 A short review...A short review...Don't buy this product. The wire is too long and the remote control is too heavy for the jack to hold. After a month of the remote and wire hanging and swinging about, the wire where it's connected at the jack gave out making this remote unuseable; I have to jiggle and find the sweet spot now just to make the remote work.Don't buy this product. The wire is too long and the remote control is too heavy for the jack to hold. After a month of the remote and wire hanging and swinging about, the wire where it's connected at the jack gave out making this remote unuseable; I have to jiggle and find the sweet spot now just to make the remote work.Long wires plus a remote adds considerable stress and weight on the jack...a serious design flaw. If you want to buy this, I suggest you tie the wire and the remote using a rubber band around your IPOD to support it's weight without pulling the wire off the connector
 I am sorry to say that my experience with the CD player has been miserable. After a series of unhelpful conversations with SONY folks, I am going to return it. It often fails to read the CD or cuts in and out on new CDs that play perfectly in other CD players; the shuffle program simply spins and spins, and rarely settles down to actually play a CD.  It occasionally generates a read error message (uh, yeah...).I am sorry to say that my experience with the CD player has been miserable. After a series of unhelpful conversations with SONY folks, I am going to return it. It often fails to read the CD or cuts in and out on new CDs that play perfectly in other CD players; the shuffle program simply spins and spins, and rarely settles down to actually play a CD.  It occasionally generates a read error message (uh, yeah...).Even if on "continuous" play, it often fails to recognize the CDs loaded into it. Instead, it displays a "No Disc" message. Then, even if it does play a series of CDs on continuous play, at some pt, it just stops. It has been like this since I first brought it home and has not improved in the weeks since.   The experience with the tech support people alone convinced me that they do not care.  It took a long time to even get through their tech support lines the first night I had it, and then a lot of persuading to even get them to agree that their CD player was not working. Then they tried to convince to me send the brand new machine back, **for a price**, to have them repair it. Uh, no, not likely to fall for that--paying them to repair a brand new machine straight out of the box, taking time out of my way-too-busy life to ship it to them??  I finally have a reference number with permission to return it to the store for a full refund; so back it goes. Then there are the limitations on the remote control that others here have noted. Then there are the limitations on the remote control that others here have noted. Since I had the same shuffle problems with my previous SONY carousel player, I am not inclined to try a 3rd machine. Since I had the same shuffle problems with my previous SONY carousel player, I am not inclined to try a 3rd machine. Needless to say, no more SONYs are coming into my life. 
 I mainly chose this mouse because I needed one quickly and it was black and matched my set up. I had been using the standard greyish white optical mouse with a scroll wheel and a red light that shined out from under my wrist. This one feels smaller, but still comfortable. However a couple weeks of normal usage made the mouse much less solid feeling. The plastic now mushes as the seems flex slightly in my hand. I decided to have a friend repair the cable of my old mouse. :-/ I am going to donate this mouse to a friend who still has a tracking ball mouse. I like some of Logitechs products and higher end mice. But I would stay away from this mouse. Its not bad, its just not good enough to pick over other mice that cost the same amount.Hope that helps.Awesomefun
 I first isntalled this to WinXP 2nd ED and all of a sudden I am getting blue screens and the system keeps rebooting over and over.  I uninstall and the problem goes away.  Coincidence?  I will let you decide.  I reinstalled the adaptor and it gets very very hot..  reminds me of my notebook that overheats and shuts down.  I cant get a connection to my router.  I have my notebook im typing on now connected right next to the adaptor desktop and get a signal just fine with my notebook.  I will be sending this back
 OK. I take my words back. I found a solution to the connection problem with windows xp. Download a patch (	WindowsXP-KB884020-x86-enu.exe, solving WPA issues) from microsoft, then everything goes as it should be. OK. I take my words back. I found a solution to the connection problem with windows xp. Download a patch (	WindowsXP-KB884020-x86-enu.exe, solving WPA issues) from microsoft, then everything goes as it should be. --------------------------------------------------------------------------i bought this USB adapter along with DI-624 router for $99. The router works perfectly fine. The USB adapter gave me so much trouble. i used it to connect my desktop pc to wireless network. It works when the network is not encrpted. But it won't find an IP address under WPA security. It searches IP address endlessly. I have winxp sp2 which is supposed to support wireless flawlessly. I think either this so-called 108m bps or the driver causing the trouble. Having seen others having problem with other brands of USB adapter, i think maybe for desktop, a wireless pci card is better
 It dies if you plug in any external USB disk drive or card reader.  D-Link just doesn't know how to write device drivers that work well.  I've had problems with every D-Link product I've ever bought
 when i purchased this plan it was for a tv between $1000 and 1499.99.new contract claims that my purchase had to be under $1000 so they will NOT honor it. this means i do not have an extended warranty.i either want this warranty for the price that was agreed upon or a full refund.i'm happy i found out about this problem before i needed the warranty.
 I never received the 4-year plan, when I purchased the TVHD in August 2006. I have wrote to Amazon several times with no follow up by Amozon.My next step is legal, since Amazon is acting like it dosen't care about the customer.The reason I both the TVHD was because of 4-year service plan.The reason I both the TVHD was because of 4-year service plan.Terrible customer service......
 If you do, go ahead and take a chance.  I did and got burned.  Tv didn't work right out of the box.  Will return soon.  
 Unfortunately I bought this router (aka junk) from Amazon. Never worked smoothly. Did not like WPA. After I set the the protocol to WPA and restarted it, the router froze. Updated firmware, no use. Now its not working. Power is intermittent, will shut off whenever it wants. Freezes randomly. This garbage is going back to Dlink today. Dlink tech support also said that they are having a HUGE number of complaints with 524 especially revision D.I will never buy another Dlink. DO YOURSELF A FAVOUR AND AVOID DI-52
 This may be one of the cheapest routers out there, but it's cheap in every way. I spent hours either on hold or talking with poorly trained overseas "tech support" whose expertise consisted of (barely) reading a script. Eventually these computer whizzes determined that my D-Link router didn't work. They told me to send it back (on my nickel, of course), and they sent me another one, which also did not work, at least not with my computer system. After more wasted hours, I was referred to the one guy at D-Link who--supposedly--has mastered this router's bugs. The problem? He never answered the phone. And despite all my calls to him and all my voicemails asking him either to call me at work or to set a time for us to talk, he repeatedly returned my calls at 3:00 in the afternoon, the time when most people who can afford routers are working. Finally I had an epiphany: Life was too short to %*&#@ with D-Link. I packed up the router and sent it back to the CEO, Stephen Joe, with a letter. Then I went out and bought a Netgear router, and I was up and running in minutes. Mr. Joe never responded to my letter, but what else do you expect from a company that so clearly doesn't value its customers
 Have had this router for over a year.  During this time the router constantly lost the internet connection, even when it's wired directly to my desktop PC.  The disconnect can last anywhere from a couple of seconds to minutes.  A new firmware (1.23) was released a few days ago for revision A (the version of the router I have).  D-Link's website said the firmware "improved reliability" so I decided to upgrade.  After flashing to the new firmware, the router will not let me into the control panel  or respond to pings.  The lights blink, that's all.  I've reset the router, but this does nothing to restore the old firmware.  D-link's firmware upgrade appears to have put this router out of its misery--which is perhaps for the best as it now forces me to finally go back to a reliable router company
 i bought 2 pairs of this radios and 1 of the pairs have a damage radio, the microphone dosen't work and i cant fix it!! :(i bought 2 pairs of this radios and 1 of the pairs have a damage radio, the microphone dosen't work and i cant fix it!! :(im sand about it!!!
 A while ago I purchased the same item, maybe a month, and I received what I paid for: 2 walkie talkies, 2 RECHARGABLE BATTERIES, and a CHARGING BASE for the walkies. A while ago I purchased the same item, maybe a month, and I received what I paid for: 2 walkie talkies, 2 RECHARGABLE BATTERIES, and a CHARGING BASE for the walkies. In this last purchase I thought I bought the same things, I even paid the same amount of money, but neither the batteries nor the charging came in the package.In this last purchase I thought I bought the same things, I even paid the same amount of money, but neither the batteries nor the charging came in the package.Thank youThank youHumberto GonzalezSan Jose, Costa Ric
 Bike did not run right from the beginning.  THe battery did not stay charged.  After awhile just quite running altogether.  Company was not very usefull.  Warranty only 90 days.  Do not buy this peice of junk
 I spoke with customer service rep at 800-283-1311.  Devices have a one-year warranty.  I stated that I sent in the Registration card, and asked if she would look up the purchase date.  She said no, "Registration and Warrany are in different departments."I spoke with customer service rep at 800-283-1311.  Devices have a one-year warranty.  I stated that I sent in the Registration card, and asked if she would look up the purchase date.  She said no, "Registration and Warrany are in different departments."She asked me to hold, and came back on the line stating that since this model originally sold in 2003, my unit went off warranty in 2004 unless I have the invoice.  I called back about an hour later, after finding the invoice, and got the same customer service rep.  She recognized me and belittled me for calling back and said unless I have a question, there's nothing they can do.  I stated that I found the invoice as requested and she asked me to fax it to her.  I did that, so far no response.  We'll see if they replace the unit or not.She asked me to hold, and came back on the line stating that since this model originally sold in 2003, my unit went off warranty in 2004 unless I have the invoice.  I called back about an hour later, after finding the invoice, and got the same customer service rep.  She recognized me and belittled me for calling back and said unless I have a question, there's nothing they can do.  I stated that I found the invoice as requested and she asked me to fax it to her.  I did that, so far no response.  We'll see if they replace the unit or not.Just an FYI...after the one-year warranty, there are no options. The do not offer parts or service after the one-year warranty
 I purchased two CDOs only to find out that some of the lights on one of them did not work.  After 6 weeks, KDS finally replaced it.  It did not cost me anything but time and frustration.  After 2 months, my second one has now failed.  Most of the trays do not eject.  It is no longer returnable and I have CDs stuck in it.  Do NOT make the mistake of purchasing even one of these.  Go to K-Mart and get one of the old fashioned manual ones.  You will be much happier
 Adorama is a terrible company to deal with. They sent me a pkg of 2 Epson ink cartridges and 270 papers.  I have called several times as the ink cartridges were not the correct ones. I returned them as instructed, written 3 letters and called. This started in mid July.  I called 2 weeks ago (Aug 28th and a different gal said she thought I should have my money back and would see to it.  That was over 2 weeks ago and nothing since then.  I would recommend that anyone should NOT order from this company
 I bought this unit to use with a boombox and it functioned well but after a few minutes it just went blank. I tried batteries in the boombox, AC power and two boomboxes because they thought the boombox was the problem I bought this unit to use with a boombox and it functioned well but after a few minutes it just went blank. I tried batteries in the boombox, AC power and two boomboxes because they thought the boombox was the problem But after two boomboxes I guess the problem is the Roady.But after two boomboxes I guess the problem is the Roady.Anyone else have this problem?Anyone else have this problem?I use the XM only at home with the boombox. I use the XM only at home with the boombox. Currently waiting for response from Crutchfield and Delphi.Currently waiting for response from Crutchfield and Delphi.I will post again when (if) this is resolved.
 This review is more about my several month's experience with XM satellite radio and the not-so-good quality using the wireless FM frequencies through our car's radios. I live in Los Angeles.This review is more about my several month's experience with XM satellite radio and the not-so-good quality using the wireless FM frequencies through our car's radios. I live in Los Angeles.I got this little Roady XT for me, and the XM2GO radio receiver for my wife. I was excited about getting these new satellite receivers in our cars. The Idea of having all these "no ads" radio stations playing through my car's FM frequency seemed cool.     Setting up the unit and getting it to work was easy. Changing FM frequencies for the wireless transmitter is easy as well. It really is a neat little receiver.     Setting up the unit and getting it to work was easy. Changing FM frequencies for the wireless transmitter is easy as well. It really is a neat little receiver. However, after setting up this unit in my car and the XM2GO in my wife's car, I was really disappointed in the music sound quality. The music sounds flat and with a hissy quality, almost monaural at times, and the volume seems a lot lower than the car's radio at the same volume setting. I had to turn the volume dial up quite a bit when playing satellite radio. The car's regular radio sounds much better than satellite radio if using wireless reception with any of the radio receivers, IMO. Besides, there are plenty of annoying ads and interruptions on XM radio as someone mentioned in another review.    I thought about having the units professionally installed so that my wife and I wouldn't have to use the poor sounding wireless FM technology, but realized that both family cars have very expensive navigation systems and I didn't want the vehicle's factory warranty voided if some installer got inside our car's dash and accidentally messed something up.I thought about having the units professionally installed so that my wife and I wouldn't have to use the poor sounding wireless FM technology, but realized that both family cars have very expensive navigation systems and I didn't want the vehicle's factory warranty voided if some installer got inside our car's dash and accidentally messed something up.So about two month's ago, after several months of off-and-on use of XM radio service, I called to cancel my subscriptions. I had paid for a six month subscription for both receivers when I joined. As I expected would happen, when I called them to cancel, I was on the phone for allloooooonnnng time waiting for a customer service rep. Finally, I got to tell the rep all my relevant account information so I could cancel the service only to be put on hold and transferred to their "special" customer service department for cancellations where I was "accidentally" disconnected and had to call back and start all over again.So about two month's ago, after several months of off-and-on use of XM radio service, I called to cancel my subscriptions. I had paid for a six month subscription for both receivers when I joined. As I expected would happen, when I called them to cancel, I was on the phone for allloooooonnnng time waiting for a customer service rep. Finally, I got to tell the rep all my relevant account information so I could cancel the service only to be put on hold and transferred to their "special" customer service department for cancellations where I was "accidentally" disconnected and had to call back and start all over again.Finally, after another long call to them, I was able to cancel my service.....or, so I thought. Yesterday, I was looking at my September credit card bill and saw that XM radio had charged my credit card for the next six months despite the fact that they assured me that my two accounts would be closed. Finally, after another long call to them, I was able to cancel my service.....or, so I thought. Yesterday, I was looking at my September credit card bill and saw that XM radio had charged my credit card for the next six months despite the fact that they assured me that my two accounts would be closed. I called my bank and had them reverse the charges and I may have the bank issue me a new credit card with different numbers in case XM tries to charge me again six months from now.
 Purchased the transmitter for my MP3 player.  Reception is poor with constant static through my car radio.  The instructions (which you don't see until you have already purchased the product) says antennas integrated into the window can have problems.  Since that is the only purpose for this device, I don't understand why Monster is selling a marginal product
 I've had a set of these batteries for a year or two now. The last few times I've taken them out for vacation use in camera, I've had the same problem: I charge two sets (one Kodak and one these Energizers) when I put the camera away. A few weeks later, I go off on vacation. The Kodak 1600mAh set will last me all day on the charge from a month or so before. The Energizer 2500mAh set might last me half a day, having lost most of its charge from sitting for the same number weeks before use.I've had a set of these batteries for a year or two now. The last few times I've taken them out for vacation use in camera, I've had the same problem: I charge two sets (one Kodak and one these Energizers) when I put the camera away. A few weeks later, I go off on vacation. The Kodak 1600mAh set will last me all day on the charge from a month or so before. The Energizer 2500mAh set might last me half a day, having lost most of its charge from sitting for the same number weeks before use.After missing out on some pics on my latest trip due to dead batteries, I'd had enough. The Energizers are going in the bin, and I just followed the good reviews to buy a set of Duracells to replace them.
 I got these batteries just over a few months ago for my portable GPS unit that I use often on my travels. In fact, I bought eight of them (two packs of 4). I was upgrading from my previous set of 1600mAh Rayovac NiMH AA batteries that were still going strong after 2 years. When I saw the new energizer 2500mAh rechargeables I was excited to purchase them thinking they would last longer than my old 1600mAh Rayovacs.  Boy was I wrong!I got these batteries just over a few months ago for my portable GPS unit that I use often on my travels. In fact, I bought eight of them (two packs of 4). I was upgrading from my previous set of 1600mAh Rayovac NiMH AA batteries that were still going strong after 2 years. When I saw the new energizer 2500mAh rechargeables I was excited to purchase them thinking they would last longer than my old 1600mAh Rayovacs.  Boy was I wrong!For 2-3 months, the 2500mAh energizers worked well. A charge lasted about 6-7 hours in my portable GPS unit. I was getting roughly 5.5-6 hours on my old 1600mAh Rayovac AA's. My GPS unit is spec'ed for 6 hours on a pair of AA's so the new 2500mAh energizers seemed to work flawlessly.For 2-3 months, the 2500mAh energizers worked well. A charge lasted about 6-7 hours in my portable GPS unit. I was getting roughly 5.5-6 hours on my old 1600mAh Rayovac AA's. My GPS unit is spec'ed for 6 hours on a pair of AA's so the new 2500mAh energizers seemed to work flawlessly.Now they work okay and seem to be getting worse each time I charge them, appearing to hold less of a charge each time.  For the last month or two (4th & 5th month after their initial purchase) I'll be lucky if I can get 4-5 hours of use out of them in my portable GPS unit. I now get roughly 3.5-4 hours of use out of them.  I pulled out and tried my old 1600mAh Rayovac AA's and once again got approximately 5.5-6 hours of use out of them in my GPS unit - and my trusty Rayovacs are just over 2 years old!Now they work okay and seem to be getting worse each time I charge them, appearing to hold less of a charge each time.  For the last month or two (4th & 5th month after their initial purchase) I'll be lucky if I can get 4-5 hours of use out of them in my portable GPS unit. I now get roughly 3.5-4 hours of use out of them.  I pulled out and tried my old 1600mAh Rayovac AA's and once again got approximately 5.5-6 hours of use out of them in my GPS unit - and my trusty Rayovacs are just over 2 years old!I thought I might have had some defective energizers but I can't seem to get any pair of combinations to hold a decent charge. Charges just don't seem to last - it's really disappointing.  I am going to look at another brand for high capacity 2500+ mAh NiMH batteries to replace my 1600mAh Rayovacs. Would be great if the energizer could hold its charge. But because they don't, I do not recommend the energizers to anyone
 I bought several packs of these batteries 6 months ago.  They were great at first, but now most of them won't hold a charge at all.  They discharge in 2 weeks without even being in a device.  DON'T buy them!  They're JUNK
 I had such high hopes for these headphones.  I wanted to hook them over my ears and go running whenever I pleased.  But it was not to be. I had such high hopes for these headphones.  I wanted to hook them over my ears and go running whenever I pleased.  But it was not to be. The day after I received my headphones, my grandmother passed away.  I packed my bags, put my idpod and headphones in my carry-on, and headed to the airport.  Once settled in my seat, I tried to put on my headphones, but they kept falling off my ears.  I tried to adjust them, bending the earclips all sorts of ways, but it was extremely difficult to do so, and my adjustments wouldn't hold.The day after I received my headphones, my grandmother passed away.  I packed my bags, put my idpod and headphones in my carry-on, and headed to the airport.  Once settled in my seat, I tried to put on my headphones, but they kept falling off my ears.  I tried to adjust them, bending the earclips all sorts of ways, but it was extremely difficult to do so, and my adjustments wouldn't hold.If I couldn't get these headphones to stay on when I was stationary, running was out of the question. If I couldn't get these headphones to stay on when I was stationary, running was out of the question. Maybe others have had better luck.  Maybe my ears are just too small for them.  But I am not impressed with these headphones
 You would think that Panasonic Cordless phone and Panasonic Hands-Free Headset would work well together, being that they are sold by the same company. Well, that is clearly not the case. I bought this headset specifically for the reason that it is sold by Panasonic to work with their cordless phones. I've tried it a few times and each time I get the same response from the person I'm talking to. They say I sound too far away, that they can barely hear me. This product is clearly not worth it
 I like the HP 96 because it can be used in many HP printers that use the HP 98,  but its a better deal than the HP 98 because it contains almost twice as much ink. I like the HP 96 because it can be used in many HP printers that use the HP 98,  but its a better deal than the HP 98 because it contains almost twice as much ink. HP's ink cartridges provide excellent performance,  but I think they are over priced 
 Looks beautifull......works about 40% of the time.  Be ready to reinstall the software weekly.Very expensive for something that dosent work all the tim
 Terrible product.  I have tried using the Windows XP wireless application with just the netgear drivers and tried using the Netgear wireless application with the netgear drivers.  Using either one the card disconnects at random using WPA, then you have to repair the connection and sometimes reboot to get the connection back.  I reinstalled windows both times I changed drivers just to make sure nothing was conflicting with it, but nothing helped.  Latest drivers are 2_0_0_7 and were published in Nov 2004, so netgear has moved on to other cards and is not supporting this one any longer
 these are extremely uncomfortable.  It's too tight and will hurt the ears.  However, if you're head is small enough, perhaps it might be okay.  On the bright side, they sound extremely well
 Do not get these headphones, as they are way too tight. I have been using them for a month now, hoping they would break in more, but they have not. You can only have them on for 20 minutes or so before your ears hurt so bad you have to take them. Im not sure why they made them so tight, but they would probably best fit a 10 year old.
 I bought the Zboard and was sorely disappointed in it's playbility, efficiency and value for several reasons:I bought the Zboard and was sorely disappointed in it's playbility, efficiency and value for several reasons:-The left buttons, which are the feature of the keyboard, are based on a mirroring system.  You experience keyboard lag at times because the board has to interpret the button presses based on the zboard program, then the game.  I personally had to press some buttons twice, or even three times in order for that command to register.-The left buttons, which are the feature of the keyboard, are based on a mirroring system.  You experience keyboard lag at times because the board has to interpret the button presses based on the zboard program, then the game.  I personally had to press some buttons twice, or even three times in order for that command to register.-The left buttons cannot be configured to your game, you must configure the game to it.  The templates for different games cannot be modified, all it does is change the button configuration.  There are no patches for configuring the keys to how you want it.-The left buttons cannot be configured to your game, you must configure the game to it.  The templates for different games cannot be modified, all it does is change the button configuration.  There are no patches for configuring the keys to how you want it.-According to the website, the top buttons for media can only be used with windows media player.  If you use winamp, itunes, or anything else it wont work.  -According to the website, the top buttons for media can only be used with windows media player.  If you use winamp, itunes, or anything else it wont work.  -You cannot program any macros into any of the buttons.  If you are looking for a keyboard that can autofire or program keystrokes this isn't it.  -You cannot program any macros into any of the buttons.  If you are looking for a keyboard that can autofire or program keystrokes this isn't it.  - The numpad is configured differently than a normal keyboard.  This can actually be a good thing if you like having a compacted pad.  I found it frustrating since I put attack commands on the numbers, and would press the wrong one sometimes because of the layout.- The numpad is configured differently than a normal keyboard.  This can actually be a good thing if you like having a compacted pad.  I found it frustrating since I put attack commands on the numbers, and would press the wrong one sometimes because of the layout.I experienced a lot of frustration with this controller while pvping in world of warcraft.  The top buttons on the left side of the board give you access to a bigger arsenal of spells and abilities when programmed right.  The problem is remembering how zboard configured the button layout.  I would constantly get wailed on because a button wasn't where I originally remembered it to be.  This forced me to sit in the key bindings menu to configure the buttons to where I could remember.  After completely revamping my bindings, I gave up, restored my defaults, and used a regular keyboard instead.I experienced a lot of frustration with this controller while pvping in world of warcraft.  The top buttons on the left side of the board give you access to a bigger arsenal of spells and abilities when programmed right.  The problem is remembering how zboard configured the button layout.  I would constantly get wailed on because a button wasn't where I originally remembered it to be.  This forced me to sit in the key bindings menu to configure the buttons to where I could remember.  After completely revamping my bindings, I gave up, restored my defaults, and used a regular keyboard instead.There is nothing gaming enhancing about this keyboard beyond having an accessory on the left side that looks cool because the buttons are grey and red and contoured to your hand.  There is nothing gaming enhancing about this keyboard beyond having an accessory on the left side that looks cool because the buttons are grey and red and contoured to your hand.  To achieve the same effect as the zboard, turn your current keyboard slightly to the right and enjoy.To achieve the same effect as the zboard, turn your current keyboard slightly to the right and enjoy.
 I picked these speakers up because the price was right and they sounded great in the store. But I get them home to my quiet house and lo and behold the subwoofer constantly hums. I'm not an audiophile and therefore not overly particular about sound... other than this annoying hum from the subwoofer. Since these are set up in my home office where I spend a lot of time reading, I find this humming far too distracting. Although the price is good, I'd prefer to pay a little more just to omit the subwoofer's constant hum.I picked these speakers up because the price was right and they sounded great in the store. But I get them home to my quiet house and lo and behold the subwoofer constantly hums. I'm not an audiophile and therefore not overly particular about sound... other than this annoying hum from the subwoofer. Since these are set up in my home office where I spend a lot of time reading, I find this humming far too distracting. Although the price is good, I'd prefer to pay a little more just to omit the subwoofer's constant hum.I'm returning these speakers today and will shop around for another set
 Can not get this thing to connect to my Linksys Wireless router.  Problem is not that it doesn't see the LinkSys, the problem is that the v2.50 firmware in the WLI-TX4-G54HP is _buggy_.  If I try to enter a 10-digit hex key for 64-bit WEP encryption-- it says I have to enter a 5-digit value.  This is the 2nd one I bought (I returned the first).  Piece of junk, and _no_ support from the manufacturer
 One star is too many!  (It should be negative one).  This sad excuse for a television/radio has to be the worst piece of lame crud I have ever bought in my entire life.  Picture fades into black, terrible reception which fades in and out as you move about the room, smells like burning plastic after a half-hour, and so on.  Please, Amazon shoppers, don't waste any money on this!  You might just as well throw the $15 out the window.  Step up to something more reliable from a better manufacturer
 I love bringing my ipod to parties and broadcasting it through the stereo, what use is this thing then, NONE!  Thanks for making us spend so much money Apple.  This type of stuff should be built into the iPod for $400!!
 I purchased this armband to hold my Nano during workouts.  The band barely fits my arm and tends to slide down the arm while running or cross training.  Looking for a replacement right now
 I adore my nano, but this armband is one of the worst products I have ever bought.  I work out quite a bit with the nano and the band comes off multiple times during my workout.  The spacing of the velcro dots means I never get exactly the right fit and the band gets ripped off anytime I do weight lifting close to my body.    It is also as other reviewers mentioned hugely overpriced for what it is.  I am ordering a band from a different company and this will go straight to the garbage.
 I have a dishnetwork 942 HDTV DVR system. This antenna is designed for a much older system. It doesn't fit the dish very easily and was difficult to secure. I can't tell if it works because so far it just seems to be incompatible with my system
 Do not be fooled when the description says this stand holds up to 21&quot; monitors - that is only true for *flat-panel* monitors, not traditional CRT monitors.  Note that the weight rating says 50 pounds!  Most standard 19&quot; monitors weigh 60 pounds or more.  I purchased this item at a Staples near me, and brought it home to use with my 19&quot; CRT.  After placing the monitor on the stand, the stand bobbed up and down and seemed as if it would completely bend at any moment
 I can't understand how apple sell so much ipod video while they are so bad in front of an archos. Just look at the screen and you'll understand !Archos is an hundred times better 
 Amazon says that it is in stock.Do not believe it.I ordered  it at 8/26 and they could not even ship it at 10/1.They delayed it several times saying that it is in stock.Of course the website says that it is always "IN STOCK"and can ship it now.Maybe their now is like 3 months...My current keyboard has broken keys, and I have serious inconvenience because of this
 While certain labels with this software are much more easier to work with such as the CDs and the general labels, I found this product much less than satisfactory.  While certain labels with this software are much more easier to work with such as the CDs and the general labels, I found this product much less than satisfactory.  The inserts and the software don't align too well and are a few centimeters off...especially on the lower half of the page.  If one wants to keep the insert regardless of whether or not the "cut offs" are present it would be best if the paper was inserted within the opposite position in the paper tray in the printer so one can cut to the size needed.The inserts and the software don't align too well and are a few centimeters off...especially on the lower half of the page.  If one wants to keep the insert regardless of whether or not the "cut offs" are present it would be best if the paper was inserted within the opposite position in the paper tray in the printer so one can cut to the size needed.Otherwise, I would suggest what another Amazon customer has done. Use cardstock paper....at least for the back inserts.  And trim with either a scissors or paper cutter.Otherwise, I would suggest what another Amazon customer has done. Use cardstock paper....at least for the back inserts.  And trim with either a scissors or paper cutter.A product should do what it promises it will do.  Unfortunately, this one does not.  At least, within my experiance this does not measure up to what was previewed within the Memorex beginner's package w/ CD label stamper.  A product should do what it promises it will do.  Unfortunately, this one does not.  At least, within my experiance this does not measure up to what was previewed within the Memorex beginner's package w/ CD label stamper.  Two stars for at least being able to print the front side.  Although it would have been nice if they had said so without stating they could do both when they cannot
 I have used these labels for a long time, mostly because they seem to be the only ones out there. The paperstock is good, but if you have a good printer the paper won't do it justice. The labels always end up looking kinda cheap.  I would love to see Memorex make a package with glossy  paper/high end paper. Maybe Epson will beat them to it
 I really love my Garim GPS 12. It is easy to use and move between screens and features. The Summit is not as easy to use. It is not as convenient to identify way points, does not work with mapping software and its display is to simple. It was not a step up but sideways. I use it in conjunction with my GPS 12 mostly just to keep the track log
 I bought this monitor in June 2006 and at first was quite pleased with the nice display. Less than 6 months later, in November 2006, I heard a strange noise while using the monitor and all of the sudden the screen went very bright -- like an overexposed photo. I'm currently working with Viewsonic to get it repaired (I must mail it to CA to be repaired, postage must be paid by me). All in all a disappointment and a hassle. Next time I'll buy a name brand
 I bought these cables, brought them home and immediatly hooked them up.  I set the PS2 for component and set my TV for it as well.  And  it looked awesome....for about 2 weeks.  Then the short in the cables caused only the blue and green colors to work making everything look creepy.  It would just fade back and forth until it just stop and the TV would have all the colors washed out in green.I bought these cables, brought them home and immediatly hooked them up.  I set the PS2 for component and set my TV for it as well.  And  it looked awesome....for about 2 weeks.  Then the short in the cables caused only the blue and green colors to work making everything look creepy.  It would just fade back and forth until it just stop and the TV would have all the colors washed out in green.I found that I could stick a PS2 case under the cables at the base and it went away.  But sometimes someone would move the case and it would come back.  I found that I could stick a PS2 case under the cables at the base and it went away.  But sometimes someone would move the case and it would come back.  I have the PStwo (Small version) and the PS2... the small version has the problem, but the large one doesnt.  So dont get them if you have the small version... The large one works fine. 
 I logged 870 miles with the iway 350.  270 miles around maryland it was / is a great item. I took it on our first trip to New York and Long Island and it was terrible. The first problem occurred on the New Jersey turnpike. I was supposed to use the turnpike from start to exit 18 and at exit 4 we stopped to eat. The unit said I was off course because the rest area was 100 feet from the highway. However when we returned to the highway the unit could not chart the course any more. It said I was doing 95 miles a hour when i was doing 70, and it would lose satellites and go searching for them in the middle of the highway no obstructions of any kind anywhere. I even pulled over at exit 6 and we waited for 20 minutes to see if we just needed to stop the car for it to do the job. It did not recalculate our course until after exit 18 some 100 + miles from when it acted up. We even tried a full restart and cancel route and retried again from the address book and from direct typing the information again. About 1 mile from our destination it worked for 2 blocks and was lost again. Then after 2 more blocks we found where we where going. We often get lost on this trip this is why we purchased the unit. Then on the trip from the Bronx to Long Island a 30 mile trip it stopped 5 blocks into the journey and was recalculating. I had to call the people we where visiting and they directed us by phone. However about 1 mile from their place it started working again. We used it on long island with no trouble at all. Then on  trip back to the Bronx it worked pretty good only losing its position once on a major highway no trees or obstructions. Then on our way back from the Bronx to long Island it was lost half the way finding position and calculating . The same exact way we went in both directions but it was clearly not right leaving the Bronx. On our way back to Maryland it operated pretty good after a short stretch of lost signals and redirecting and we used exactly the same roads in both directions. I did update the software to the new 1.2.0 days before we took the trip.  I logged 870 miles with the iway 350.  270 miles around maryland it was / is a great item. I took it on our first trip to New York and Long Island and it was terrible. The first problem occurred on the New Jersey turnpike. I was supposed to use the turnpike from start to exit 18 and at exit 4 we stopped to eat. The unit said I was off course because the rest area was 100 feet from the highway. However when we returned to the highway the unit could not chart the course any more. It said I was doing 95 miles a hour when i was doing 70, and it would lose satellites and go searching for them in the middle of the highway no obstructions of any kind anywhere. I even pulled over at exit 6 and we waited for 20 minutes to see if we just needed to stop the car for it to do the job. It did not recalculate our course until after exit 18 some 100 + miles from when it acted up. We even tried a full restart and cancel route and retried again from the address book and from direct typing the information again. About 1 mile from our destination it worked for 2 blocks and was lost again. Then after 2 more blocks we found where we where going. We often get lost on this trip this is why we purchased the unit. Then on the trip from the Bronx to Long Island a 30 mile trip it stopped 5 blocks into the journey and was recalculating. I had to call the people we where visiting and they directed us by phone. However about 1 mile from their place it started working again. We used it on long island with no trouble at all. Then on  trip back to the Bronx it worked pretty good only losing its position once on a major highway no trees or obstructions. Then on our way back from the Bronx to long Island it was lost half the way finding position and calculating . The same exact way we went in both directions but it was clearly not right leaving the Bronx. On our way back to Maryland it operated pretty good after a short stretch of lost signals and redirecting and we used exactly the same roads in both directions. I did update the software to the new 1.2.0 days before we took the trip.  Also charting the 212 mile course to the Bronx NY took close to 20 minutes, then the extra destination to Long Island a 30 mile addition took the Iway 350 30 or so more minutes. I figured with all that time the trip home calculations would be faster but I fell asleep after waiting  over a hour for it to complete the task. I feel this is one issue the unit has. Longer trips take so long to calculate so when it thinks your off track it takes forever to chart a new course. On short runs under 20 miles it was very fast.Also charting the 212 mile course to the Bronx NY took close to 20 minutes, then the extra destination to Long Island a 30 mile addition took the Iway 350 30 or so more minutes. I figured with all that time the trip home calculations would be faster but I fell asleep after waiting  over a hour for it to complete the task. I feel this is one issue the unit has. Longer trips take so long to calculate so when it thinks your off track it takes forever to chart a new course. On short runs under 20 miles it was very fast.I returned the unit and got a Garmin C530. The C530 is a very nice unit fast in every respect.
 The 350C is well packaged with almost current programming. It only got me lost eleven (11) times on a 865 mile trip:All cities in Georgia - Tybee Island to Pine Mountain to Newnan to Stone Mountain and return to Tybee Island. (I packed and returned the unit the day after getting home.) It may suit others well, but I can not rely on the unit. Four of the eleven lost episodes were because newly constructed highways were not recognized. Five were due to the unit reacting too slowly in rapid turning sequences. (One wrong turn took me sixty miles out of the way.)Two were for unknown reasons. The unit seems to take forever to acquire available satellites. Instructions are clear, but preferred views automatically switch to "Map" even when not wanted. I need a faster reacting unit that allows programming while enroute to a destination (by a passanger, of course.
 I bought this unit on a wim.  I was leaving for a business trip and needed a GPS.  I really like it and it worked well for me.  Unfortunalty the unit wouldn't hold a charge on the battery.  So I returned it for another one.  It worked for one week and then I had the same exact problem.  Which to me is not a good sign of quality when the same problem happens on multiple units.  When I tried to return this unit, the unit I was given didn't work at all, it gave me an error message when the GPS booted up.  Unfortunaltey the vendor I purchased it from didn't have any more units that I could exchange it for.  So I called customer service and got an RAN.  I am hoping when I get the next unit back in 7 to 10 days that I don't have any more problems
 I received the iPod quickly which was a plus. But it was horrible when it would only download 5 songs. I had friends who have the same iPod try to fix it and it never worked. I sent it back and requested a refund. It has been a month and a half and I have YET to get my $120 back.
 I bought this since it's economical, compact, didn't need cabling (although it has an extension if you need it), advertised a whopping 108 mbps. Well so much for that:I bought this since it's economical, compact, didn't need cabling (although it has an extension if you need it), advertised a whopping 108 mbps. Well so much for that:1) Drivers are problematic and causes conflicts with XP SP2.  My first ever blue screen of death in about 3 or more years running XP came this item1) Drivers are problematic and causes conflicts with XP SP2.  My first ever blue screen of death in about 3 or more years running XP came this item2) It is EXTREMELY UNRELIABLE:2) It is EXTREMELY UNRELIABLE:- already mentioned repeatedly, it overheats- already mentioned repeatedly, it overheats- it drops connections randomly and yes, the only way to re-acquire the signal is to unplug and plug back in- it drops connections randomly and yes, the only way to re-acquire the signal is to unplug and plug back in- It's utility is worthless, just install the driver (if you can). If you try using WPA, forget about using this utility, just use Windows to configure it. - It's utility is worthless, just install the driver (if you can). If you try using WPA, forget about using this utility, just use Windows to configure it. - I've also found out that it's better if you just remove this utility from the STARTUP (don't run it at all) so that Windows can do everything it needs to connect, which is faster and more reliable. Be careful not to UNINSTALL, since it will also remove the driver...just remove it from your Windows Startup folder list. Netgear has an FAQ about this problem, but I'm not going to tweak Windows and risk more stuff for this cheap piece of hardware.- I've also found out that it's better if you just remove this utility from the STARTUP (don't run it at all) so that Windows can do everything it needs to connect, which is faster and more reliable. Be careful not to UNINSTALL, since it will also remove the driver...just remove it from your Windows Startup folder list. Netgear has an FAQ about this problem, but I'm not going to tweak Windows and risk more stuff for this cheap piece of hardware.3) 108 MBPS? Yeah right. You'll need the RIGHT KIND OF access point/wireless router for this, if not, it's 54 mbps. This was one of the selling points, but it's definitely a "gotcha". You're limited to specfic equipment, specific channel (6), so if you have neighbors on the same channel, well, you get the picture
 All HDMI cables are created equal...well, yes and no.  While the signal is 100% digital (which means that $20 & $150 cables give the exact same picture quality), it doesn't mean that each HDMI cable type gives the same rejection of noise (signal to noise ratio) as other HDMI cables.I've had this cable a few weeks now, and am consistently getting digital "dropouts" every now and again (only that part of the image looks scrambled for a few seconds) -- very annoying while the action is in the scrambled section.  Went out and bought the Monster HDMI cable (not exactly cheap, though...) -- the Monster cable gives the exact same picture quality as this cable, except the Monster cable did not experience the digital "dropouts".If you don't mind seeing the dropouts every now and again, this is a great cable.  If you want a picture that doesn't experience any dropouts, get the Monster cable.  Regardless, the picture quality is the exact same between the cables (minus the dropouts)
 I bought Magellan RoadMate 700 Vehicle GPS 2 months back and its not working as expected. its very poor in locating the the place and sometimes don't even work. Many times this sytem got hung and power off and on again is the solution to get it work again.I bought Magellan RoadMate 700 Vehicle GPS 2 months back and its not working as expected. its very poor in locating the the place and sometimes don't even work. Many times this sytem got hung and power off and on again is the solution to get it work again.Might this product is very good in market, but I got the bad piece
 The DVD burner connected very easily through USB, was immediately recognized by WinXP, the software installation was fine. I was beginning to feel good. However, whenever I burned a DVD (I tried 4 different brands, some R, some RW etc...), several files would contain errors, and would be completely unreadable. The burning process moreover does not detect this: one needs to verify the data written to check and find these errors. Moreover, the firmware update just does not work on my machine, pardon, machineS. Completely standard Dell machines, all latest WinXP and drivers, good CPUs (3Ghz and up), lots of memory, big hard-drives. I called customer service to try to solve the problem. First of all the average waiting time to get to a technician was about 30 minutes. The rudeness and the plain lies these guys give you are amazing. To make a long story short, I had to call 3 times. First guy: oh, "of course it doesn't work, you have EasyCD creator installed!". Ok, I buy it, I go through the (painful) uninstallation process of Roxio's software. No problems solved. Second guy: "Oh, of course it does not work, it requires 10Gb of free hard-drive space! It's written on the box". Plain lie: on the box it says you need 10Gb for NeroVision (for burning videos), but only 1Gb for Nero. Quarrel (they are tough!) with the guy who could not care less about the fact I got him lying, or that the product description is wrong. Ok, patiently I freed up 10Gb from hard drive, try again, exactly same problem. The only thing they could offer in the end was a replacement. I got perhaps relative lucky because the replacement will be a 720, not a 710, since 710 is not manufactured anymore (wonder why?). Notice I tried this on two different machines (one laptop and one desktop), with identical results.Other lie: I noticed, as somebody else here, that the Nero software provided writes only on Sony drives: so if Nero is really the only software that should be installed because of conflicts with Roxio (et al.?), you will never be able to use your own CD drive to burn CDs. How ridicolous is that???? The technician said this is because I had both software(s) installed, but that was another lie.The incompetence of these guys is beyond belief. If the new drive will not work, I hopefully will get a refund through my credit card. You know, the technician even said that that is not possible, credit cards companies do not do that (LOL)
 I am on my third drive now, thanks to the first two breaking. Sony sent me the 720UL as a replacement for my 710UL, but it's the same drive with the exception of some faster burn times and the 720UL doesn't support MAC OS.I am on my third drive now, thanks to the first two breaking. Sony sent me the 720UL as a replacement for my 710UL, but it's the same drive with the exception of some faster burn times and the 720UL doesn't support MAC OS.The Sony Service Center in Manning, IA gave me a huge runaround... first they agreed to pay for return shipping on the second defective drive. Then they called me back 2 hours later and refused to pay for the shipping. What a joke.The Sony Service Center in Manning, IA gave me a huge runaround... first they agreed to pay for return shipping on the second defective drive. Then they called me back 2 hours later and refused to pay for the shipping. What a joke.Good drive when it works, but may god have mercy on you if it breaks after the return period.
 who would even think about buying something that plugs into the wall for sixty bucks! maybe thats why the ipod is so expensive...............
 I had this adapter running in my the Cardbus slot of my Windows 98 computer and it ran fine. I installed it on my Windows 2000 laptop. Well, my first sign of trouble was a warning popup when I installed the drivers that the drivers were not certified by Microsoft. So, imagine my shock when my brand new computer constantly got Blue Screen of Death (BSOD) crashes. Big blue screen, loss of data, computer freezes tight, power button inoperative, and when you have to use a pin to press that tiny little laptop reset button on a brand new computer, well, we all know that's when you're in Computer Hell.I had this adapter running in my the Cardbus slot of my Windows 98 computer and it ran fine. I installed it on my Windows 2000 laptop. Well, my first sign of trouble was a warning popup when I installed the drivers that the drivers were not certified by Microsoft. So, imagine my shock when my brand new computer constantly got Blue Screen of Death (BSOD) crashes. Big blue screen, loss of data, computer freezes tight, power button inoperative, and when you have to use a pin to press that tiny little laptop reset button on a brand new computer, well, we all know that's when you're in Computer Hell.I'm a Microsoft Certified Professional so I was able to narrow down the source of the problem. After definitely identifying the FA511 as the culprit, I contacted Netgear's online  tech support. And that's when things really started to get ugly.I'm a Microsoft Certified Professional so I was able to narrow down the source of the problem. After definitely identifying the FA511 as the culprit, I contacted Netgear's online  tech support. And that's when things really started to get ugly.It took forever for Netgear to finally give me an answer. This was after days of inactivity, wildly inappropriate responses, and repeatedly requesting same information from me.It took forever for Netgear to finally give me an answer. This was after days of inactivity, wildly inappropriate responses, and repeatedly requesting same information from me.Finally, Netgear escalated the problem to their next level of tech support and I was shocked to read their solution: "This is a Windows issue regarding permissions and ***16 BIT*** compatibility mode" While they were vague as to the exact nature of the problem, and contradicted themselves as to whether compatibility mode had to be enabled or disabled, their solution was straightforward: I was directed to a Microsoft Knowledge Base article which tells you how to enable Compatibility Mode - and for 16-bit compatibility mode I had to make my nice clean Windows 2000 computer compatible with Windows 95 (yes, ninety-five).Finally, Netgear escalated the problem to their next level of tech support and I was shocked to read their solution: "This is a Windows issue regarding permissions and ***16 BIT*** compatibility mode" While they were vague as to the exact nature of the problem, and contradicted themselves as to whether compatibility mode had to be enabled or disabled, their solution was straightforward: I was directed to a Microsoft Knowledge Base article which tells you how to enable Compatibility Mode - and for 16-bit compatibility mode I had to make my nice clean Windows 2000 computer compatible with Windows 95 (yes, ninety-five).So, while the FA511 hardware is a 32-bit Cardbus adapter, apparently their drivers are 16-bit!!! No wonder the FA511 was never certified for Windows 2000. And I wouldn't trust it for Windows XP either.So, while the FA511 hardware is a 32-bit Cardbus adapter, apparently their drivers are 16-bit!!! No wonder the FA511 was never certified for Windows 2000. And I wouldn't trust it for Windows XP either.There are other Ethernet adapters out there by 3COM, Belkin, Linksys, SMC, and Xircom that work flawlessly with Windows 2000/XP by companies that will respond to your questions. Go get them. Avoid the FA511
 No way am I purchasing this for my iPod. I would love to be able to charge my iPod away from my iMac, but I refuse to purchase this. This should of been included in the box. It is a tremendous ripoff to buy an AC adapter seprately (and at $30), but then again, I'm sure Apple is making a ton off of this gimic, but I refuse to contribute. I can see not including a dock, A/V cables, etc, as those aren't   essential iPod accessories. But an AC adapter? Come on. Bad Apple. Bad!No way am I purchasing this for my iPod. I would love to be able to charge my iPod away from my iMac, but I refuse to purchase this. This should of been included in the box. It is a tremendous ripoff to buy an AC adapter seprately (and at $30), but then again, I'm sure Apple is making a ton off of this gimic, but I refuse to contribute. I can see not including a dock, A/V cables, etc, as those aren't   essential iPod accessories. But an AC adapter? Come on. Bad Apple. Bad!On the plus side, this AC adapter is smaller and comes with an iPod to charger (or iPod to computer) cable, which the previous model did not include. It's still a ripoff, though
 I have been a DVR user through Cox Cable for approx. 1 yr, and have always been disappointed.  I have kept my eye on Tivo for some time, and when my DVR box went out for the 2nd time, I decided it was time to try Tivo.  I got a refurbished Series2 DVR that was free for signing a 1 yr commitment for $12.95 per month. I have been a DVR user through Cox Cable for approx. 1 yr, and have always been disappointed.  I have kept my eye on Tivo for some time, and when my DVR box went out for the 2nd time, I decided it was time to try Tivo.  I got a refurbished Series2 DVR that was free for signing a 1 yr commitment for $12.95 per month. I received the Tivo only 2 days after I ordered, very impressive since I didn't pay to have it shipped that quickly.  The setup was reasonably straight forward.  I had heard so much about Tivo that I had very high expectations, and here are the problems I encountered that surprised me:I received the Tivo only 2 days after I ordered, very impressive since I didn't pay to have it shipped that quickly.  The setup was reasonably straight forward.  I had heard so much about Tivo that I had very high expectations, and here are the problems I encountered that surprised me:1)  My first mistake was not recognizing that you have to get a Dual tuner unit to be able to record 2 seperate programs (DVR does this automatically).  So I ordered the wrong unit.  To be honest, I don't see how this service is very useful at all with only a single tuner, my family relies on dual tuners A LOT.  I am shocked that Tivo even offers a single tuner system, to me it's like a tricycle compared to a 10 speed, a dual tuner is so much more useful.  1)  My first mistake was not recognizing that you have to get a Dual tuner unit to be able to record 2 seperate programs (DVR does this automatically).  So I ordered the wrong unit.  To be honest, I don't see how this service is very useful at all with only a single tuner, my family relies on dual tuners A LOT.  I am shocked that Tivo even offers a single tuner system, to me it's like a tricycle compared to a 10 speed, a dual tuner is so much more useful.  2)  I thought I would be able to hook up a wireless receiver to connect to my home network.  No, you have to buy theirs for $40 to $50.  Since I didn't know that, I had to rely on the phone line option.  This really stinks, it is very very very slow.  I spent 2 hrs trying to download one days programming, the system kept getting interuppted during download (yes I disabled call waiting).  2)  I thought I would be able to hook up a wireless receiver to connect to my home network.  No, you have to buy theirs for $40 to $50.  Since I didn't know that, I had to rely on the phone line option.  This really stinks, it is very very very slow.  I spent 2 hrs trying to download one days programming, the system kept getting interuppted during download (yes I disabled call waiting).  3)  When you use the online program guide, it covers up the entire screen.  My Cox DVR puts the TV in upper right corner (approx. 1/4) asnd the rest of the screen lets you see the guide.  We use this all of the time to see if there is anything better on, but that won't work so well with Tivo.  Plus, scrolling up and down is painfully slow, the screen takes for ever to refresh.3)  When you use the online program guide, it covers up the entire screen.  My Cox DVR puts the TV in upper right corner (approx. 1/4) asnd the rest of the screen lets you see the guide.  We use this all of the time to see if there is anything better on, but that won't work so well with Tivo.  Plus, scrolling up and down is painfully slow, the screen takes for ever to refresh.4)  Similarly to item 3 above, when you review recorded programs the show you are watching is turned off completely, you can only see the Tivo guide.  Again, Cox DVR lets me look at my list and delete files etc.. all while my TV program stays visible in the upper right corner.  4)  Similarly to item 3 above, when you review recorded programs the show you are watching is turned off completely, you can only see the Tivo guide.  Again, Cox DVR lets me look at my list and delete files etc.. all while my TV program stays visible in the upper right corner.  5)  Remote wouldn't work with my 42" Akai plasma.  I can't fault Tivo too much on this one, none of the universal remotes seem to work with this TV for some reason.  5)  Remote wouldn't work with my 42" Akai plasma.  I can't fault Tivo too much on this one, none of the universal remotes seem to work with this TV for some reason.  5)  Remote wouldn't work with my 42" Akai plasma.  I can't fault Tivo too much on this one, none of the universal remotes seem to work with this TV for some reason.  I did love some of the Tivo features and wish my Cox DVR had them:1)  Wishlist2)  Tivo Suggestions3)  Can access your Tivo through internet4)  View photo's through Tivo.4)  View photo's through Tivo.In the end my items # 3 and 4 were things I just couldn't get past, so I returned my Tivo.  They were friendly and helpful and I really wanted to like this product, but in my opinion it's not able to compete with the speed and power of the Cable companies DVR. 
 I bought a lot of Panasonic stuff in the past without any problems but the picture quality on this thing is awful, even at the highest quality setting. All I saw were blocky artifacts that seemed to be blinking. I even had the DNR (digital noise reduction) enabled and it didn't help. Most recordings skipped and stuttered at the beginning. I took it back for refund and Best Buy told me this model is known for doing that. I don't see how Panasonic can put their name on this junk. Those cheap $99 recorders you find at Walmart have better quality than this. 
 Heaven help you if you want to use this with the FM remote -- a very common usage at heath clubs which provide TV rebroadcasts over FM. The FM remote connects to the iPod via a large plug on the left hand side.  The armband provides a small circular hole on the right hand side, but no means of connecting the large FM remote plug
 This portable color tv doesn't give me any channel that you can actually watch. I returned it and I was credited. However, much to my surprise I received the same five inch tv as I had returned. It already cost me to have it returned. Since I didn't ask for it, should I consider it a gift
 Stay away from vonage!  I have had it for several months, and have been trying to cancel it.  I have been put on hold a MINUMUM of 45 minutes to and HOUR each time, and then transferred to someone ELSE who then does the bait and switch AGAIN. When you go to their web site, the only thing you can get is their custumer service number, which takes you RIGHT BACK to the same old nonsense. I need to cancel because of a military deployment, and all I'm getting is a run around...the same thing happened with AOL, but this is EVEN WORSE. There are tons of blogs out now about how VONAGE SUCKS...check them out. It's no wonder this company is tanking, their customer service is the absolute WORST!!!!!!!! I hope they read this.... they really need to change!!
 I had been using the lock for my laptop for the past 4 months without any trouble. All of a sudden, today, as I went to pick up the lock, which had been left untouched in the open position overnight with my combination in it, it decided to change combinations by itself. So it was in the locked position but the combination is still the one I had set. I tried so many combinations 'around' mine but obviously there are so many different possibilites. The fact that I even have to try to think of what combination my lock decided to change itself to today makes this a lock I can't rely on
 I am in the process of looking to return.  The seal is not so good, so you have to run it through the machine a couple of times.  In addition, the lamination has ridges in it.  It isn't a smoothe finish (and it isn't air pockets??
 I initially chose this router because of its low price. Sometimes, you get what you pay for, and that is exactly what happened to me. As a wired router, this works well enough. It connects four computers to the internet. Just don't do anything to intense with it, and you should be fine. I noticed that when I view video media, the connection totally freezes. But for basic internet and downloading, it works.I initially chose this router because of its low price. Sometimes, you get what you pay for, and that is exactly what happened to me. As a wired router, this works well enough. It connects four computers to the internet. Just don't do anything to intense with it, and you should be fine. I noticed that when I view video media, the connection totally freezes. But for basic internet and downloading, it works.I generally find, however, that no one buys a "wireless" router not to use wireless, and that is where the problem is. The receiver is so painfully finicky, it does not keep connections. The configuration of this router is about as easy as brain surgery. The linksys support team tries to be helpful, but I can't seem to make this router reliable. It drops reception all the time. Many times my laptop won't even detect a signal. The wireless performance of this router is abysmal. I generally find, however, that no one buys a "wireless" router not to use wireless, and that is where the problem is. The receiver is so painfully finicky, it does not keep connections. The configuration of this router is about as easy as brain surgery. The linksys support team tries to be helpful, but I can't seem to make this router reliable. It drops reception all the time. Many times my laptop won't even detect a signal. The wireless performance of this router is abysmal. I sincerely hope that if you have this router, it is working flawlessly for you. I can't get it to work well for me not matter what I do. The difficulty that I am having with this equipment is so bad that I am going to replace it as soon as I can.
 I've been using my BEFW11S4 for a few months now. The little thing has its good points - a nice, unobtrusive little box I can just plug in and hide on top of some piece of office furniture, allowing my rather over-laptop-equipped household some nice convenient net access, while still allowing the home office systems a wired connection.I've been using my BEFW11S4 for a few months now. The little thing has its good points - a nice, unobtrusive little box I can just plug in and hide on top of some piece of office furniture, allowing my rather over-laptop-equipped household some nice convenient net access, while still allowing the home office systems a wired connection.Sounds nice, if it only worked. Howver, BEFW11S4 has a MAJOR problem, and a rather common one at that. Specifically, it locks up. It does so frequently. I have to unplug the router at least once a day, and frequently twice, to deal with it locking up. Can't even access the administrator screen, and even hitting the reset button isn't enough to fix it. Wireless isn't too useful when you have to physically walk to the unit multiple times a day, is it?Sounds nice, if it only worked. Howver, BEFW11S4 has a MAJOR problem, and a rather common one at that. Specifically, it locks up. It does so frequently. I have to unplug the router at least once a day, and frequently twice, to deal with it locking up. Can't even access the administrator screen, and even hitting the reset button isn't enough to fix it. Wireless isn't too useful when you have to physically walk to the unit multiple times a day, is it?The problem seems to lie not in the hardware, but in the firmware (the software that runs on the router). If Linksys would release reliable firmware for this router, I'd give it 4-5 stars. But until they resolve the issue that wires down their wireless modem, I can't possibly justify giving the BEFW11S4 more then two stars
 I bought this router and spent almost two hours online with Linksys. After trying every sort of suggestion and speaking with three different tech support people who barely spoke English I finally understood that Linksys has "limited support for Macs." When I asked what "limited support" means, I was told "we are not trained to help people with a Mac. If you can borrow a windows PC we can help you". What a waste of time. I am sending the router back. Beware if you have a Mac
 The first Vista Cx I purchased died after only 3 days of use. I returned it to Amazon who immediately and painlessly replaced it.  The second unit lasted for 4 days until I fell waist deep into a stream with the unit in my pocket. Though it was only submersed for a matter of seconds it immediately stopped working and water was seen internally around the screen. Garmin's claim of waterproofness for 1m for 10 minutes is utter baloney. The poorly designed T-style lock on the battery case cannot possibly assure water integrity from anything beyond high humidity. I probably wouldn't buy buy another Garmin but I'm stuck with them as I have already invested $200 in proprietary MapSource software.  I guess that was their plan.On the plus side, the Vista Cx did seem to function as it should...for all of 7 days
 This is the best sounding PC speaker system available. Absolutley stellar sound quality--for how long is a serious problem. I too own 2 of these systems. After eleven months of bliss my first amp also went out. This is the best sounding PC speaker system available. Absolutley stellar sound quality--for how long is a serious problem. I too own 2 of these systems. After eleven months of bliss my first amp also went out. I call Klipsch technical support, and they explain I can send it in but the amp is backordered for 4-6 weeks. So I buy another one from Amazon and thier retailer Beach Audio, Inc., not having 4-6 weeks to wait for bliss to return. I call Klipsch technical support, and they explain I can send it in but the amp is backordered for 4-6 weeks. So I buy another one from Amazon and thier retailer Beach Audio, Inc., not having 4-6 weeks to wait for bliss to return. So get this please, not $360 plus tax once, but twice, and add 2 occurances of overnight shipping at $125 per, for a total spend of $970 plus tax!!!So get this please, not $360 plus tax once, but twice, and add 2 occurances of overnight shipping at $125 per, for a total spend of $970 plus tax!!!Well blow me down but the replacement for amp #1 hasen't even showed up, and 6 working days of bliss later? You guessed it amp #2 fails. Klipsch, well they obviously picked quite a piece of crap for an amp. They stand behind the product though--I have another RMA to send to the fine people at the Klipsch return center.Well blow me down but the replacement for amp #1 hasen't even showed up, and 6 working days of bliss later? You guessed it amp #2 fails. Klipsch, well they obviously picked quite a piece of crap for an amp. They stand behind the product though--I have another RMA to send to the fine people at the Klipsch return center.The retailer this site uses, Beach Audio Inc., offered me my money back, but would offer no replacement of any sort, and no refund for the $125 shipping charge. Nothing they wanted to do would help me get a working product. They refered me to Klipsch without mercy, or even lube.The retailer this site uses, Beach Audio Inc., offered me my money back, but would offer no replacement of any sort, and no refund for the $125 shipping charge. Nothing they wanted to do would help me get a working product. They refered me to Klipsch without mercy, or even lube.Now Klipsch makes some fine home audio (my Klipschhorns are 15 years old, have been rocked to death, and still sound awesome), and this ProMedia Ultra unit sounds fabulous--so I may do business with them again (perhaps not the PC Multimedia division), but I vow to never give another red cent to Amazon's retailer Beach Audio, Inc.. They were uncooperative, unsympathetic, curt, short, unprofessional, and ultimately completely useless when contacted about the failure.Now Klipsch makes some fine home audio (my Klipschhorns are 15 years old, have been rocked to death, and still sound awesome), and this ProMedia Ultra unit sounds fabulous--so I may do business with them again (perhaps not the PC Multimedia division), but I vow to never give another red cent to Amazon's retailer Beach Audio, Inc.. They were uncooperative, unsympathetic, curt, short, unprofessional, and ultimately completely useless when contacted about the failure.PLEASE LOOK ELSWHERE FOR YOUR NEXT PC MULTIMEDIA PURCHASE!!!!!!! THE KLIPSCH PROMEDIA DIVISION SHOULDN'T EVER BE CONSIDERED. PLEASE LOOK ELSWHERE FOR YOUR NEXT PC MULTIMEDIA PURCHASE!!!!!!! THE KLIPSCH PROMEDIA DIVISION SHOULDN'T EVER BE CONSIDERED. 
 The first subwoofer died (no sound) after 6 days.  Remember, the sub powers all the speakers in this system.  I sent it back to the company I bought it from and they were nice enough to take care of "Klipsch's faulty product".  They asked me if I would like a refund and like an idiot I said, "No, just send me another one".  The replacement Klipsch system arrived and it played great for about 14 months and then NOTHING.  No power from the sub!  Same problem but now my warranty is up.  Klipsh has a way of designing things to work just past the warranty.  Shame on Klipsch for making such a shoddy product.  Shame on me for asking for a replacement and getting burned twice.  Heed all these warnings my friends.  I would buy used speakers at a garage sale before I would buy another Klipsh product.  YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!    
 These speakers do sound great but just like many others who have reviewed these speakers, they eventually just stop working. It sounds like I was one of the lucky ones as mine lasted two years. But I really didn't use them all that much and I don't blast the volumes. When you spend this kind of many on a product it should at least last 5 years or so. I've never had any other speaker brand just stop working on me before. Worse of all is to hear that Klipsch is charging a lot of money to repair their faulty products  and that people had problems with them even after they were "repaired". Well, I'm not wasting time and money on repairing them. I'm just switching to Logitech. No more Klipsch ever again for me.
 I received the iPod quickly which was a plus. But it was horrible when it would only download 5 songs. I had friends who have the same iPod try to fix it and it never worked. I sent it back and requested a refund. It has been a month and a half and I have YET to get my $120 back.
 I like other Lacie drives I've used very much, thought I'd take a chance on this, but it just does not work.  It takes me about a hundred swipes on average to get the biometric sensor to work...That is keeping data a bit TOO secure to be helpful.  Also there have been reports of complete data loss by others,but I've not had that experience - could be I just haven't been able to GET to my data enough to find out.  Support from Lacie was completely unhelpful (wash your hands and the sensor before swiping which I have already done dozens of times was the only suggestion).  If the drive could be partioned so you could have a secure partition and an easier to access partion, the failure of biometrics would not be so serious, but as is, I would definitely not purchase this again, and I would strongly advise against it unless there is some kind of firmware or other improvement
 We have 50+ of these cards at work and I have 4 at home.  I have never seen a more "fragile" PCI card.  If you slam a door or stomp your feet near the PC, this card may very well cease to function on the next reboot.  God forbid you attempt to move the tower.  Every other day, someone has a malfunctioning card which needs to be jiggled, removed and reinserted, or otherwise screwed with.We have 50+ of these cards at work and I have 4 at home.  I have never seen a more "fragile" PCI card.  If you slam a door or stomp your feet near the PC, this card may very well cease to function on the next reboot.  God forbid you attempt to move the tower.  Every other day, someone has a malfunctioning card which needs to be jiggled, removed and reinserted, or otherwise screwed with.When it does actually work, the connection is usually good
 We purchased this phone to go with the rest of the set and we were extremely disappointed!!  We had to return them for a different brand because we could not hear!!!  They were so static that you often could not hear the person speaking!!  You would think at this price it would not be so static.  We went for a brand at a much lower price and they are crystal clear!
 Jan 2 2006I two ordered the "md7001 2 line phone" I thought I was getting a cordless 2 line phone. What I actually got was a 2 line handset that requires a base unit for it to work. This info should be prominently displayed in their description.
 You'd think that a Palm screen protector from Palm would be best in class. However, these Palm "premium" screen protectors have a lifespan of about 3-4 days at best. I'm very careful with my new Palm TX, yet under normal use the stylus easily scratches the screen protector to such an extent that the device no longer accurately recognizes stylus input. I also dislike having to cut the screen protectors to size. I've tried an Invisible Shield screen protector, and it was tough as nails; the problem was that installation was difficult, and the tacky surface also produced input errors. Next I'm trying a Boxwave ClearTouch. I never had this sort of problem with the old Fellowes WriteRight protector, which lasted a year or more on my old Palm m130
 Monster Cable and its similarly overpriced imitators are a triumph of hype over substance, and ruthlessly exploits the consumer's naivete and trust in shady audio/video salespeople.  Monster Cable and its similarly overpriced imitators are a triumph of hype over substance, and ruthlessly exploits the consumer's naivete and trust in shady audio/video salespeople.  Yes, for most things you DO "get what you pay for"---but when it comes to speaker cables, interconnects, and other a/v wiring however it's another story.  Yes, for most things you DO "get what you pay for"---but when it comes to speaker cables, interconnects, and other a/v wiring however it's another story.  All you need for optimal sound is any 12 to 16 gauge generic cable which you can buy at Home Depot for a fraction of the cost.  All you need for optimal sound is any 12 to 16 gauge generic cable which you can buy at Home Depot for a fraction of the cost.  Save your money for things like speaker stands, which really do make a world of difference
 I AM DISGUSTED TO REALIZE THAT ALTHOUGH CRUCIAL MARKETS THIS CARD AS COMING WITH A DRIVER FOR WIN98SE, IT DOES NOT.  THE CD IT CAME WITH DID NOT HAVE A DRIVER (although it said it did) THE WEB SIGHT DOES NOT HAVE DRIVERS AND AFTER TWO PROMISES ON THE PHONE FROM CRUCIAL TECH SUPPORT PROMISING TO SEND ME ONE, I STILL DON'T HAVE IT.  I DON'T BELIEVE THIS DRIVER EXISTS. SO MUCH FOR TRUTH IN ADVERTISING AND AMERICAN COMPANY INTEGRITY
 When I plugged these in they worked fine for about seven minutes, then the speaker's internal power simply cut off. Happened on the AC adapter or batteries, whether I was using my computer or my iPod as the sound source. Same behavior every time. When I plugged these in they worked fine for about seven minutes, then the speaker's internal power simply cut off. Happened on the AC adapter or batteries, whether I was using my computer or my iPod as the sound source. Same behavior every time. Logitech sent me a replacement from a new production run, same thing happened. Sent it back to Logitech on my nickel, got another replacement from same production run (Product ID: A612). Same problem.Logitech sent me a replacement from a new production run, same thing happened. Sent it back to Logitech on my nickel, got another replacement from same production run (Product ID: A612). Same problem.After two months and many long waits for Logitech tech support, I'm giving up. Maybe it was just a bad run, or maybe my environment is flukey, but I'm sorry I ever bought this thing
 The Koss Pro4AAT headphones are quality headphones, but sounds weak when driven through a regular headphone jack from your receiver or tv.  To get the great sounds that everyone else seems to rave about, you really need to run these headphones through a headphone amp.  Also, the ear pads are of a vinyl-like material which doesn't breathe well, making it uncomfortable to wear for extended periods.  I've read that leatherette pads are available, but so far haven't been able to find them.  The warranty alone is great, but I wouldn't recommend these headphones unless you have a headphone amp
 Device unexpectedly stopped working after 9 months.  Has not been thru a washing machine, fallen in the ocean or been run over by a truck!  Just nestled in my briefcase.  Bullet-proof case is great gimick, but this device is unreliable as a backup for "road" files.  Might be better off using your PDA with a large SD card
 I had one that worked for a year that came with the original phone. Then, I just ordered this one from Amazon and it worked for 30 days. Like other reviews you see here, people started not being able to hear me, but I could hear them. So the microphone broke. But, I called Uniden tech support and they recommended I replace the battery on the phone for $37. So, I just ordered a new phone and tested the headset -- sure enough it wasn't the phone -- it was the headset. A costly mistake. I would not buy this headset again. Also, Amazon has a 30 day return policy, so if it breaks, make sure you return it within that 30 days or you are stuck with it
 I just bought a new RatpadzGS to replace my four year old ratpadz. Compaired to the old Ratpad, the RatpadzGS is made with a lower density Cheap-O(tm) plastic and tracks poorly with my logitech G7 mouse. When using the mouse on the GS it causes the curser to sort of stutter along. Overall I would pass on this product, for now my desk actually works better than this mousepad.
 It was an okay mousepad for approximately a year and a half.  Every so often, my optical mouse jittered from one edge of the screen to the other when left stationary, but I encountered no serious problems.It was an okay mousepad for approximately a year and a half.  Every so often, my optical mouse jittered from one edge of the screen to the other when left stationary, but I encountered no serious problems.Unfortunately, it seems that might have been indicative of a greater problem with the mousepad.  It is all one color.  The grooves have all worn away on a large portion of the pad, and now my mouse won't budge.  I'm in the process of looking for an alternative right now
 i don't like how easy it get scratch, and if u get the black one even worst, i went shopping for cases but they get scratch inside the cases too, just by been in the case, i return the case, then i when for those clear stickers and i recomend to put those on on a really clean table and very dry and clean hands may be use glove cause a little touch and there goes your finger print in the sticker, and with a black ipod you can't miss it. and if u don't take your time u will have a lot of air bubbles showing in your ipod, so after a week looks like something that i have for a year, it sucks.
 The Netgear wireless router product is apparently in working order because I mailed it to my son in Tennessee who got it to work just fine on his equipment which is the same as mine. Surely, I'm not so technically savvy as my son, but I can read and write and follow directions. The setting up of the equipment is quite complicated, in my view, far moreso than it should be. I've set up other peripherals with success, but this product is more than I can handle. I've followed the directions, over and over, and still the router doesn't connect. I've given up. Can't handle the frustration. By the way, I'm way over the age of 13. I have grandchildren over the age of 13.The Netgear wireless router product is apparently in working order because I mailed it to my son in Tennessee who got it to work just fine on his equipment which is the same as mine. Surely, I'm not so technically savvy as my son, but I can read and write and follow directions. The setting up of the equipment is quite complicated, in my view, far moreso than it should be. I've set up other peripherals with success, but this product is more than I can handle. I've followed the directions, over and over, and still the router doesn't connect. I've given up. Can't handle the frustration. By the way, I'm way over the age of 13. I have grandchildren over the age of 13.
 After a bit of sweat I've managed to get the printer working fine from both my XP and MAC OS Tiger computers  ...... until I unplug the direct ethernet cable to the router that is needed for set-up.  Then nothing happens i.e. no wireless printing.After a bit of sweat I've managed to get the printer working fine from both my XP and MAC OS Tiger computers  ...... until I unplug the direct ethernet cable to the router that is needed for set-up.  Then nothing happens i.e. no wireless printing.I suspect it's an IP addressing issue having read a helpful article here (take note D-link - Amazon is becoming a better support site than your own!).  Changing the IP address messes up my internet connection during install; the MAC works quite hard to re-establish the internet connection & perhaps this breaks the connection to the printer? I dunno, but it's giving me a headache.I suspect it's an IP addressing issue having read a helpful article here (take note D-link - Amazon is becoming a better support site than your own!).  Changing the IP address messes up my internet connection during install; the MAC works quite hard to re-establish the internet connection & perhaps this breaks the connection to the printer? I dunno, but it's giving me a headache.Documentation & troublshooting help are very, very weak & time will tell if D-link on-line support are any better (22 hours & no response from them yet....)Documentation & troublshooting help are very, very weak & time will tell if D-link on-line support are any better (22 hours & no response from them yet....)I'm sure network wizards will have this little beasty up & running in no time, but for normal people it's, well, a bit of a pain
 I contacted D-Link support and they verified that this product was tested and worked with a very minimum number of popular USB printers (I believe the number was around 30-40).The D-Link DP-G321 Wireless Print server did not work with any of the 3 USB printers I owned (Lexmark Z320, HP PSC 1250, HP Photosmart 7310). It worked okay with my one parallel HP Laserjet 1100 and I was able to connect it to my network and install the print server, but it was not at all compatible with my printers which was key. It this product was more compatible, I would have rated it 4 stars, because the installation was very easy and almost worry-free, plus it was very sensitive to the wireless radio waves i.e. it sensed my secured wireless network when other print server could not in that same location.I returned the D-Link and bought instead a Linksys WPS54GU2 print server that worked with all of my printers, but it was not as sensitive as the D-Link DP-G321, so I had to move my printers and print server closer to my wireless access point
 Several reviews mention the improvement when these cables to replace  a composite (L/R audio + video) cable, or an S-video (multi-pinned plug). ALmost all of that improvement is due to the fact that these cable connection methods are completely different types in signal format and the TV uses different internal circuitry for each one. Virtually any S-video cable connection will give a better image than a composite type cable, and any component (individual R-G-B video) connection will be better than S-video. Cable brand has absolutely nothing to do with it. There may be some difference between one brand of component cable and another, but its almost always unnoticable
 I was in the market to upgrade my printer and used Amazon's reviews to decide on a Canon MP530. It does a good job, but when I plug the USB cord into the printer, the connection to the Internet drops every time. I have to disconnect from the printer so I can get on-line. Recently I filled out a rather lengthy application on the Internet and plugged in the USB cable so I could print. That step caused the connection to drop and I got to reenter all the information. I will be returning the Canon MP530 and start my search for another all-in one printer
 The Memorex U3 TravelDrive is simply a piece of crap. I bought it for easy data transfer when on travel, but it seldom works in any computer. The logo comes up when I plug it in and it simply hangs there. It's utterly worthless
 It was not worth the cost to ship it back
 I bought with lots of ilussion this this Ipod, i put all my music in it and use it!! after a 5 months it stop working, it didn't charge the battery. I took it to best buy where I bought it and they told me that it has "external damage" and didn' repair it. I send it to Apple service and return it without services because the same reason. My Ipod didn't have that damage, it has only a few scratches on the screen. After lots of calls and fight they told me that to fix it I would have to pay US$250.00 that is almost what it cost new. TERRIBLE SERVICE FROM APPLE.. SHORT LIVE.. DON'T RECOMMENDED. Now I'm looking for another option for MP3 player to buy.If you know one please let me know it.If you know one please let me know it.
 The modem works well but was very hard to set up.  Much harder than an Apple Airport that I had setup previousl
 I recently purchased this item from Amazon. What I received was version 2 of this modem. The current version on the Linksys site is version 4. As a Cox customer, the results of my purchase were unsatisfactory. I will be returning this and purchasing the version 4 Linksys from another vendor
 A short list of grievances:A short list of grievances:1. The earbuds don't fit well in the ear2. The retraction wheel is in the middle of the cord, so that if you're walking while listening to music, it bounces around and threatens to pull the buds out of your ears.3. The retraction wheel broke after a month, making these headphones no longer retractable.3. The retraction wheel broke after a month, making these headphones no longer retractable.NOT WORTH THE MONEY YOU'LL SPEND ON SHIPPING, let alone the cost of the headphones. These headphones are garbage
 Is there a less than 1 star.  After 5month, it just stopped working,  How do i get my money back.  Not worth it for the money.  I have a smaller tv that I have had for 6 years and still works.  
 I was never happy with this product.  The picture always had a green tint and would not adjust out.  After less than a year the tube blew out.
 This set lost color and picture quality over the few months that I owned it and then it just stopped working.  I'm going to buy something else and so should you
 This phone is really cool but it has two major flaws. The first is the caller ID problem which the other posts have already described in som detail. The second is that although the incoming volume is fine, the people on the other end have trouble hearing me and say that i sound 'far away and very soft'. Troubleshooting and reseting doesn't seem to help. Will return ASAP
 It looks sexy, but it just doesn't work. The scroll pad is so finicky I wanted to throw it out the window after the first hour. About half the time it moves the cursor when you want to scroll, or it scrolls when you want to move the cursor. The other half the time, it does nothing no matter what part of the pad you touch or how hard or lightly you press. Also beware that if you return this just because you're not satisfied with how it works, Amazon will charge you for both outgoing and return postage! (I've giving it one star out of pity, and because it does look sharp.
 you may notice i am writing this in lowercase.  i am using the s510 keyboard i bought over a year ago.  the shift keys suddenly went out so the keyboard is now useless. i have to subtract for longevity.  the mouse that comes with the keyboard is poor but i use it with another mouse anyway.  and, as noted in other reviews this, in common with most other usb keyboards, only works with basic functionality when hooked up through a usb kvm switch.  on the good side, the battery life is very good and i think it looks nice, but i'll be looking for something else for a replacement..
 After seeing a wide range in the prices for HDMI cables, I did some research into why is it. Found out that these cables carry digital signals (0's and 1's), so no matter what kind of fancy name you add before this cable, its basic purpose is simple like a cat5 cable. Then I went ahead and bought the cheaper ones which are working perfectly fine. So, dont be fooled by the high price cables. There is no special sheilding &%*p in them. Its all misleading marketing. For this length of cable, I would pay maybe $5
 From reading the reviews the product weighs 14 oz and is tiny. from reading amazon's specs:12.0 x 14.0 x 10.0 inches ; 4.0 pound
  Do not be deceived by the photo this thing is tiny. If that is what you are looking very small low volume very portable I suppose it is ok but over price for what you get. I think $30.00 would have been about right. There is no bass response and for there size how could there be. I am keeping them but only because they are so small they might come in handy for hotel use only! The packaging is very cool but the fidelity is non existent
 I've never had a product [...] out after one week of use. The screen froze up and no matter what troubleshooting tip I tried from the creative website, nothing worked. Now I'm waiting to hear back from email support because they don't have 24 hour phone support. Not impressed. Would have gotten an iPod, but this thing was given as a gift
 I really enjoyed my Zen, when it worked.  The first one I ordered I had to return becuase it would only play every other song, and after it started acting up all the lights would start blinking and I would have to take out the battery to make it stop.  So, I exchanged it for a new one, and just like the other after only one week the lights started going crazy again, it would freeze up, and would only play 5 seconds of every song. What I liked about it, for the small amount of time I had it was the sound quality, the choice in colors, and the fact that it was so much cheaper than other models with the same amount of storage space.  I'm not sure I would recommend it becuase of the fact that they both only worked for a few days.  Now I have an Iriver Clix and have had no problems.  It has less storage but I don't care, it is easier to control and I haven't had problems with it
 I bought this as an extra support for my wrist and within 2 weeks the gel started to ooze from the seems.  I ended up having to staple all around the edges of the bean to stop the ooze which has worked but definately a design flaw.I bought this as an extra support for my wrist and within 2 weeks the gel started to ooze from the seems.  I ended up having to staple all around the edges of the bean to stop the ooze which has worked but definately a design flaw.I wouldn't buy this again
 There are too many files you must hunt for online that are not on the cd.  If you can read Chinese you may fare better than reading the English instructions for the software.  I'm returning mine and will try something a little more expensive but from a company with better quality control
 We'll give the unit two stars instead of one, since when it does work, it works well, with nice print-outs.But in a span of two+ years, its has needed its drum replaced three times.  And has once needed the main system/circuit board replaced.  We'd purchased this back when it cost about $125 more than it does now.  And the parts have not been quickly available from some vendors.  We should have bought the heavier-duty Brother 4750 which we use in another office, and has been flawless. 
 I've had many fax machines and this one, when it worked, certainly wasn't the worst of the bunch. Problem is, the auto document feed tray is cheesy. No matter how many times I smoothed, then fanned the paper, it would accept two to five sheets at a time. If I fed one at a time, this unit worked like a champ. Unfortunately, that can be said of most units.  I've had good Brother machines in the past, and probably will buy another, better, Brother fax. This one got me so frustrated I threw it out the back door. It's still laying there, only there seems to be more pieces now
 This card DOES NOT work with NOKIA 6682. I bought this card from an other website and missed the earlier review here. This card DOES NOT work with NOKIA 6682. I bought this card from an other website and missed the earlier review here. The product description does not show voltage details and compatibility with phones. It is very misleading as the description uses the word "mobile phone ready".The product description does not show voltage details and compatibility with phones. It is very misleading as the description uses the word "mobile phone ready".Sandisk should address this isse by providing proper product description
 The software it is sent with is different than the instructions given, I have yet to get it to work with my laptop w/xp and a Ir HP laser jet. It may work fine for some cell apps phones etc. 
 The Memorex DVD+R has got to be one of the worst dvd-r's out in the market. Not only is the rate of a successful DVD burn very low (movies, games, etc.), it also has a horrible shelf life that lasts for about four months. From what I hear from other members, Memorex uses a low-quality dye, and is explicitly evident in the red colored deterioration of the dye that can be seen on the top layer of the disk. All my DVD+R's are actually stained RED for some reason?!? Overall, go with verbatim or heck, even COMPUSA dvd's will be more suffice than this garbage
 I got this MP3 at a Black Friday sale and I was absolutly thrilled with it...until the end broke off. The end where the battery was broke off one day and wouldn't stay on. I now have to hold it in place with rubber bands. Now, the player will constantly shut off whenever it moves the slightest bit. The radio, however(before it broke)was great, the organization of the files was good and the mic worked okay if you talked straight into it. Overall, this was okay for the money I paid for it, but I wouldn't recommend this to anyone
 Be aware before you buy this flash drive that it will not accept file names with many commonly used characters like: '?' and '/'. When it encountersthese characters, it stops transferring files completely and you have to begin the copying process again after 'correcting' the file names.begin the copying process again after 'correcting' the file names.For me, this was a serious inconvenience and an undisclosed liability of the device. For others, it may be less important
 We ordered this radio to have on hand in case of emergency.  After an hour of cranking to start the power, the crank came off.  Got it back on, cranked more, came off again.  Small heartattack later from all the fruitless cranking, we sent it back the next day.  Looking for another option for an emergency radio, haven't found one yet. 
 I bought one of these, brand new.  When I use it with a portable CD  Player/Radio on the proper settings for my unit, the radio works for about 15 seconds, then shuts down.  Like the other reviewer, I'm wondering if the voltages are off.  Will try a meter..
 I bought this for my 80-year-old mother, who is disabled and can't cope with a computer. Every time the typewriter is turned on, we find that it either types the wrong letter (press a Q, it prints an S; press E and get P, etc.) or else it prints the correct letter but they are not spaced correctly (some overlapping, some huge spaces). There is some esoteric combination of keystrokes that, supposedly, will reset the programming. But this is just too much for Mom. Also, every time it's turned on, you have to re-program the line spacing, the tabs and everything else. I ended up buying a 40-year-old manual typewriter on e-Bay and Mom is much happier with it
 This printer binds up on two pieces of paper! If there is the least resistance during a jam, the flimsy plastic gears become stripped and the printer is trash. This is what happened to me after less than two months of light use...and I stayed within the manufacturer's guidelines. However, there is NO WARRANTEE on this printer, so BUYER BEWARE
 Happy with the three tips included, I decided to try these for the heck of it.  While they go nicely and comfortably deep into the ear and don't dare come out until you intend for them to, for some reason, they diminish the quality of the sound greatly.  I can most closely describe it as the sound of overcompressed MP3s.  They took nearly all of the clarity out of the music
 I really enjoyed my Zen, when it worked.  The first one I ordered I had to return becuase it would only play every other song, and after it started acting up all the lights would start blinking and I would have to take out the battery to make it stop.  So, I exchanged it for a new one, and just like the other after only one week the lights started going crazy again, it would freeze up, and would only play 5 seconds of every song. What I liked about it, for the small amount of time I had it was the sound quality, the choice in colors, and the fact that it was so much cheaper than other models with the same amount of storage space.  I'm not sure I would recommend it becuase of the fact that they both only worked for a few days.  Now I have an Iriver Clix and have had no problems.  It has less storage but I don't care, it is easier to control and I haven't had problems with it
 I recently bought this keyboard to go along with a fancy ergonomic laptop stand.  The stand puts the laptop screen at a reasonable height for use on a desktop -- that works great.  The keyboard, however, is fairly awful, and I'm returning it.I recently bought this keyboard to go along with a fancy ergonomic laptop stand.  The stand puts the laptop screen at a reasonable height for use on a desktop -- that works great.  The keyboard, however, is fairly awful, and I'm returning it.I realize I shouldn't expect much for $20, but the keyboard has an exceptionally soft, mushy feeling.  The "comfort type" slanted keys didn't get in my way, but they didn't help anything, either.  The worst part about this keyboard, however, was that it uses a non-standard layout.  Look closely at the right side -- the "enter" key is oversized, and the |\ key is moved below to accomodate it, with the consequence that the right shift key is miniaturized.I realize I shouldn't expect much for $20, but the keyboard has an exceptionally soft, mushy feeling.  The "comfort type" slanted keys didn't get in my way, but they didn't help anything, either.  The worst part about this keyboard, however, was that it uses a non-standard layout.  Look closely at the right side -- the "enter" key is oversized, and the |\ key is moved below to accomodate it, with the consequence that the right shift key is miniaturized.This, for a shell user or programmer, is awful.  When you need to pipe something, or escape the next character, you really don't mean to be hitting return instead.  And with the small right shift key, even typing properly with balanced use of the keyboard is difficult.  This small design decision makes this keyboard terrible for heavy computer users like me
 After purchasing the stylus, I immideatley noticed that the styli were far significantly lighter in weight than the factory included stylus for the Tungsten T5.  Even worse, after a fatal exception and hard lock on the T5, I noticed that these styli have no built-in pin to hit the reset button with
 There is nothing good to say about this speaker except the size.  The sound quality sucks.  It stops mid song on a regular basis.  It is just a piece of crap.  It is so crappy that I am throwing it away rather than give to someone
 I bought this item about two months ago and was happy as can be. No more equipment in the tv room! About two weeks ago though, I noticed that the unit was slower and slower and I had to hit buttons repeatedly to get things done. It has eventually gotten to the point that it does not work at all. At first I thought it was batteries in the remote, so I replaced those a few times. Then I thought the placement of the IR transmitter was off, so I moved it closer to my AV rack. That worked at first, but the problem persisted so I reprogrammed, but to no avail. Eventually I narrowed it down to the remote unit. Even with the remote RIGHT NEXT TO THE IR Transmitter, it now does not work most of the time. Of course the real problem now is that all my av stuff is in a different room, so standard IR remotes (why do they even make those still????) are out of the question. I will be moving onto something else and keep my fingers crossed. Along the way I learned a few other things...other reviewers are right in that the memory gets eaten up quickly when you have to program the unit (which I do with a new LG DVD player). In theory, this is a great unit and the remote is very good when it comes to commands. In practice, however, all it did was make me hungry for an RF system that will work more consistently. 
 The GE Superadio III used to be a great radio.   I bought my first one seven years ago and it worked so well that I bought another.  I have recently purchased two more as gifts and they are not the same radio.  Side-by-side they look the same (except for the numbers on the tuning dial).  Inside they have dissimilar circuit boards.  The real difference is the two new radios are unable to tune stations nearly as well as the older radios.  I would recommend not purchasing this radio
 i was very disappointed with the ge superadio  3  i owned a  superadio2 10 years ago which was far superior my advice save your money  i had trouble with stations less than 90 miles away this radio is very overated.piossibly poor quality control
 i order this item and it got lost in the mail. They resend it which was fine but, as soon as i recieve it i turn on the this item and the screen turned blank. I advised not to buy this item
 As mentioned by others the actual product does not look like the photo and is a little on the flimsy side. That did not concern me too much. My problem is that it does not work properly with my Samsung 13-inch color TV. It turns the set on and off and steps up/down the channels but I cannot ehter a two digit channel number and have it go to the correct channel. For example, if I enter "54" it goes to "55". I tried all the listed setup codes given in the instructions
 About 1 year after having this remote to go along with my Phillips DVD player the remote conked out. The buttons, while almost all  responsive, will not sync up with the systems anymore, and the learning feature on the remote control seems to be defunct. You get what you pay for, I suppose
 I had reservations when buying - according to online reviews many of these devices seem to be defective (the Belkin as well).  I purchased anyway and my fears were confirmed.  LEDs do not light, does not transmit on any frequency.  Manufacturer representative (from India) confirmed that it is defective.  Return will be time consuming and frustrating, but $50 is enough to make me endure even more pain.  Don't buy this item
 Can't say much for the video or sound quality, menu options, or anything really, since this thing broke after 2 minutes of watching Monsters, Inc. on DVD.  Playback just froze, the thing stopped recognizing that DVDs were in unless you turned the thing off and then back on again, and after another minute it wouldn't even start  playing the thing at all, just whirred a lot.Can't say much for the video or sound quality, menu options, or anything really, since this thing broke after 2 minutes of watching Monsters, Inc. on DVD.  Playback just froze, the thing stopped recognizing that DVDs were in unless you turned the thing off and then back on again, and after another minute it wouldn't even start  playing the thing at all, just whirred a lot.So, dud
 Great DVD/VCR combo but does not play DVD's from other region. Does not have an eject button on the remote either. If u have DVD's, VCD from other countries that you would be playing I do not recommed this player
 My player had the same headphones jack problem that so many people here have had, which ended up rendering it useless (out of warranty).  My player had the same headphones jack problem that so many people here have had, which ended up rendering it useless (out of warranty).  However, while it worked, I was quite pleased with the player and the included software.  Everything was intutive and ran smoothly (except for an occational freeze with the player which never became frequent enough to be a major burden).  I also liked the fact that this player wasn't bound by iTunes or file format restrictions.However, while it worked, I was quite pleased with the player and the included software.  Everything was intutive and ran smoothly (except for an occational freeze with the player which never became frequent enough to be a major burden).  I also liked the fact that this player wasn't bound by iTunes or file format restrictions.My only other complaint was that occasionally the touchpad made moving small increments like up one track or down one track somewhat difficult (just give me buttons, I know they aren't sexy but they're easy and work well).  My only other complaint was that occasionally the touchpad made moving small increments like up one track or down one track somewhat difficult (just give me buttons, I know they aren't sexy but they're easy and work well).  I am giving the product 2 stars because, while I liked it, Creative has known about the headphones flaw for a long time and has not improved the build (being that this is STILL a problem with these players).  For the amount of money that a player like this costs, it should work for at least year
 This music player was decent: Nice look, controls, and sound. There are many nice features including decent software and using it as a data drive. There are really good things about this unit; however, the faults are just too great; thus, superseding the great features.This music player was decent: Nice look, controls, and sound. There are many nice features including decent software and using it as a data drive. There are really good things about this unit; however, the faults are just too great; thus, superseding the great features.However, the reaction to your key pushes, and file search are way too slow. The software is pretty nice, but the bad thing is that it likes to rename your files for you even when you didn't ask it too. That gets very annoying. For example, I just want the file to be named as is, with no tags, but the Zen software will add tags no matter what, even if it has to put in the word "unknown". It also has these strange crashes that makes it hard to have it recover. The worst part about this product is that the earphone jack gets damaged in a few weeks or months -- unprovoked!However, the reaction to your key pushes, and file search are way too slow. The software is pretty nice, but the bad thing is that it likes to rename your files for you even when you didn't ask it too. That gets very annoying. For example, I just want the file to be named as is, with no tags, but the Zen software will add tags no matter what, even if it has to put in the word "unknown". It also has these strange crashes that makes it hard to have it recover. The worst part about this product is that the earphone jack gets damaged in a few weeks or months -- unprovoked!It was so frustrating to think my headphones where damaged, but I switched it up and found out that it was the Zen. Then I read online, and what do you know -- it's consensus, the product is faulty because many other people have experienced the same problem. Some people even found some fixes, and I've tried them, but to no avail. But then again, why do I have to fix a fairly new product? It was so frustrating to think my headphones where damaged, but I switched it up and found out that it was the Zen. Then I read online, and what do you know -- it's consensus, the product is faulty because many other people have experienced the same problem. Some people even found some fixes, and I've tried them, but to no avail. But then again, why do I have to fix a fairly new product? If you're going to have a fault when it comes to a music player, you DON'T want it to be a physical issue that renders the player useless!If you're going to have a fault when it comes to a music player, you DON'T want it to be a physical issue that renders the player useless!I'd give it at least three stars as I was quite satisfied with it, but the physical fault with the headphone jack is just too much of negligence to overlook
 I purchased this product and ran home to try it out.  not 5 minutes after plugging it in to my computer, my computer freezes.  I restart and it says my device is malfunctioning.  I manage to get it working for about 5 minutes before it craps out on me again.  I try upgrading the drivers and it refuses to connect to my network. I'm a network engineer and I am well versed in what I am doing, but this card has given me nothing but trouble. I had to disable the software that came with it and use the windows wireless software to connect.  This only keeps me alive for about 30 minutes before freezing.  I talked to netgear support and they tell me that my processor isn't supported, which is total BS and just an attempt to get out of supporting me, they wouldn't even let me return the product.  My advice: go with linksys or d-link or SMC, ANYONE but netgear
 Several reviews mention the improvement when these cables to replace  a composite (L/R audio + video) cable, or an S-video (multi-pinned plug). ALmost all of that improvement is due to the fact that these cable connection methods are completely different types in signal format and the TV uses different internal circuitry for each one. Virtually any S-video cable connection will give a better image than a composite type cable, and any component (individual R-G-B video) connection will be better than S-video. Cable brand has absolutely nothing to do with it. There may be some difference between one brand of component cable and another, but its almost always unnoticable
 I bought this product less than a year ago. 2 days ago, I locked my laptop and tried to unlock it.  But I couldn't.  It was somehow messed up and the combination did not work.  I HAD TO CUT IT!!!  I don't know how it got messed up but I'm sure that it was not study enough to last long
 I have been using this lock for a few months without changing the combination. Suddenly I could no longer open it as it appears that the lock has changed its combination by itself. I have been using this lock for a few months without changing the combination. Suddenly I could no longer open it as it appears that the lock has changed its combination by itself. I called engineering in the hotel I was staying in to help me. It took them less than a minute to cut the cable with ordinary pliers.
 While I don't have any evidence to refute the package claim that it "attaches to any notebook",  once attached to my son's computer it was almost impossible to remove.  It took 10 minutes to get it off and we were pulling so hard I thought we would damage the computer.   We will be returning it.  Not recommended
 The first unit couldn't even find FM stereo stations. It had similar FM specs as the Sony ST_JX410 AM/FM Tuner it was replacing.  It was returned as a faulty unit. The replacement STRDE 197 was able to find stereo FM stations which played fine in monoral but were noisy in stereo. My 25 year old JX410 tuner did an excellent job on FM stereo stations. The second unit was returned for a refund. Sony's quality isn't what it use to be. I bought an Onkyo TX-SR304. The FM works fine with more features & expandability.  
 I bought this receiver from Amazon, & received it about 10 days ago.  Since then, I've tried to play my cassettes of classical music.  When used for this purpose, this receiver sucks big time.  If I turn the volume loud enough to hear the orchestra playing softly, when the orchestra gets loud the amp shuts down & PROTECT flashes on & off.  I have to turn the receiver off, then turn it back on, & lower the volume.  Then of course when the music gets soft again, I can't hear it
 I bought one of these, it has a bad audio "crackling" noise on every mode except FM tuner (an obvious defect). Sounds like a capacitor going bad, not sure how it got through final test. I bought one of these, it has a bad audio "crackling" noise on every mode except FM tuner (an obvious defect). Sounds like a capacitor going bad, not sure how it got through final test. Plus, the audio has noise when the display updates or the volume is changed. It also hangs on to stereo mode on weak signals with no blend or rolloff, you hear audio tones from the stereo decoder PLL losing lock from the station 19 KHz pilot tone.  AM section is not bad, but the FM selectivity is not good enough to block alternate stations that most of my other radios deal with just fine.  Volume steps are so small it takes forever to change, needs a flippin' crank on the knob.  Plus, the audio has noise when the display updates or the volume is changed. It also hangs on to stereo mode on weak signals with no blend or rolloff, you hear audio tones from the stereo decoder PLL losing lock from the station 19 KHz pilot tone.  AM section is not bad, but the FM selectivity is not good enough to block alternate stations that most of my other radios deal with just fine.  Volume steps are so small it takes forever to change, needs a flippin' crank on the knob.  Don't buy this steaming turd.....buy a no-name China box, then you can throw it away when it claps out without feeling like you got scammed.       
 After two months, this phone stopped working. It was returned to Panasonic Repair and we received a notice thirty days later saying that the phone was back ordered and delivery would be in 6-8 weeks.  This is not customer service. Panasonic should have refunded the purchase price or offered a comparable or better phone. When called today to check on status of order, answer was basically "tough luck." Never again, Panasonic. Amazon should discontinue this brand
 As others have reported, my latch broke as well, but I broke it within three days of ownership.  Within a month, I cracked the bit of plastic that is supposed to hold the palm in place when I was removing it from the case to sync it.  At the time, the case had so many gashes and dings that it really looked unpresentable.  Bought a Rhinoskin to replace this.  Look elsewhere before you purchase this one
 OK, so it protects the TX on a fall, however the latching mechanism depends on a thin piece of plastic that eventually breaks, rendering the case without anyway of remaining shut on its own.OK, so it protects the TX on a fall, however the latching mechanism depends on a thin piece of plastic that eventually breaks, rendering the case without anyway of remaining shut on its own.Replacing this with something like the BoxWave.com hardcase, availab le from Amazon
 I purchased the case along with my new Palm TX to protect it on trips or whenever carrying it. It's a metal shell with a molded plastic liner. The little plastic catch in the lid half, which keeps the case closed, never seemed to work quite correctly, requiring several sliding motions before it would click shut. On a trip on March 3rd, this very small lip of plastic molded into the case broke away. Now it has no catch to keep it closed. Since the case cost me about $24 new and I'd only get about half price for the return, I figure the broken little catch costs me too much to return. I'll use a rubber band around the case, reminding me how flimsy and insufficient the case closing mechanism is. Save your money and don't buy this case. I don't remember reading the reviews before I ordered it -- so there's a $24 lesson
 Of the various iPod cases I've tried I found this one to be the worst.  The click wheel cover is impractical and annoying and the screen cover falls out all too easily.  Using plastic in rubber hinges was a bad idea which simply does not work well.  See my other reviews for better iPod protectors
 I was delighted with my ToughSkin for all of two hours. That's how long it took for the belt clip to break, rendering my new purchase worthless to me.I was delighted with my ToughSkin for all of two hours. That's how long it took for the belt clip to break, rendering my new purchase worthless to me.The ToughSkin itself is rugged; I loved it. I should have waited before buying it, though ... on my last visit to an Apple dealership, they had a bin full of *just the ToughSkins,* for sale at a discount. When I asked about these, I was told, "The belt clips break, and customers bring the ToughSkins back."The ToughSkin itself is rugged; I loved it. I should have waited before buying it, though ... on my last visit to an Apple dealership, they had a bin full of *just the ToughSkins,* for sale at a discount. When I asked about these, I was told, "The belt clips break, and customers bring the ToughSkins back."I should note I'm very careful with my IPod and accessories. I'm not rough on them. The clip just fell apart while I was walking down the street. Given other comments about the flimsy clips, this is clearly a design issue that Speck Products needs to address
 First off, I bought this headset for gaming, which anyone who enjoys the pastime will tell you how quickly the hours can melt away. Gamers are dependant on an ultra comfortable pair of headphones that we shouldn't be able to feel. I have been searching high and low for the Holy Grail of comfort and I was certain paying $90+ for a "gaming" headset would be the end of my search. Sorry, these guys are going back.First off, I bought this headset for gaming, which anyone who enjoys the pastime will tell you how quickly the hours can melt away. Gamers are dependant on an ultra comfortable pair of headphones that we shouldn't be able to feel. I have been searching high and low for the Holy Grail of comfort and I was certain paying $90+ for a "gaming" headset would be the end of my search. Sorry, these guys are going back.I've tried a couple "cheap" Best-Buy headsets that I found painful to wear after an hour or so. Then I decided to spring for "top of the line". I wore these for 15 minutes before it became obvious this headset was not the Holy Grail I've been looking for.I've tried a couple "cheap" Best-Buy headsets that I found painful to wear after an hour or so. Then I decided to spring for "top of the line". I wore these for 15 minutes before it became obvious this headset was not the Holy Grail I've been looking for.The headset itself feels flimsy and cheap. The padding is made of an itchy fabric, and even on my small head, it feels tight. The earphones do not cover my ears and I can feel them slowly being crushed. I'm not impressed with the sound, but I could overlook that if they were comfortable to wear. I didn't even bother to try the mic.The headset itself feels flimsy and cheap. The padding is made of an itchy fabric, and even on my small head, it feels tight. The earphones do not cover my ears and I can feel them slowly being crushed. I'm not impressed with the sound, but I could overlook that if they were comfortable to wear. I didn't even bother to try the mic.If this is how Sennheiser makes their high end gaming equipment, I think it's safe to say I will avoid these guys in the future. The $30 pair of Aiwa's I wear at work are more comfortable than this and sound the same... if only that pair had a mic.If this is how Sennheiser makes their high end gaming equipment, I think it's safe to say I will avoid these guys in the future. The $30 pair of Aiwa's I wear at work are more comfortable than this and sound the same... if only that pair had a mic.*My ears still feel uncomfortable after taking the set off and then writing this review- I couldn't imagine wearing them for a few hours while gaming. If I find the perfect pair I'll let you all know
 Terrible. No bass. "J" type wiring is hard to adjust to. Substandard product for Panasonic. AVOI
 I've been a fan of Sony earbuds for many years.  Due to the bad reviews of durability of the latest Sony earbuds, I decided on purchasing these Panasonic headphones. I bought these headphones because my Sony headphones died after 3 years and to upgrade my factory Creative Zen Micro headphones.  I found a perfect fit between the 3 size earplugs.  I've noticed that it does block out the sound in your surroundings.  It's good for that commute to work when there is a lot of noise.  I like the around the neck feature.  As far as quality, the extention part of the wiring looks durable but not the around the neck part of it.  As far as the performance of the headphones, I'm really disappointed in these headphones.  My factory Creative headphones had out performed these.  The bass level is too low even when I max out the bass in the player.  The mids and treble sound like crap. Don't waste your money on these!  Now I have to spend more money to replace these poor quality headphones!  argh!
 We tried the Belkin in one car. When we turned the Ipod on, the car battery immediately discharged (we had to buy a new car battery) and the Ipod died. We bought another Belkin and tried it in a different car and with a different Ipod (in case the first incident was a coincidence) and this Ipod died too. The Ipods were under warranty, the car battery was not. We tried this with 2 different Belkins, in 2 different cars with 2 different Ipods. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
 These labels were advertised with the Seiko Label Printer.  They did not work with the printer because the printer requires thermal labels.  I sent these labels back to Amazon and they promptly refunded my money
 Instead of getting this just get the cheaper skins. I figured to get the nicer one since I already shelled out all my money on an iPod, but it is a lot of money for a carrying case. Definetly get the skins
 the case looks nice, but not practical. Everytime you need to change the volume or track you have to pull your ipod out.  My ipod had scratch marks on it the first week.  Unfortunately, all the picture you see of this case is from the side view, so you cannot see that there is no opening for the wheel and the display.  I recommend iskin product. 
 Maybe I got a defective pair, but the noise cancel barely does anything, maybe cuts out 3%. Not worth it, taking back and trying something else
 THe radio works great....except  the last   2 Sony walkman am/fm radios I have had  you were able to CLIP onto your WAISTE band when exercising.....it was just a large CLIP thing....THIS new one has a different type that you HAVE to use a BELT with!   and WHO  uses a belt to work out ?  I certainly dont.....so I am using a VERY LARGE safety pin   thru the hole in the back and then I pin it onto my shorts....which has made a nice hole in the material of  two pairs.  Otherwise it is a great item
 I actually meant to order the Philips 7-incher (brighter screen, $20 cheaper, bulkier), but somehow I got confused when I placed the order...this one looked beautiful so I was pretty psyched anyway and was definitely going to keep it.  I was planning on using this for work, as I get a lot of DVD's from clients - so I popped one of those in and guess what?  It came up as "invalid disc".  It's supposed to play the majority of formats, and I triple checked the disc in my other dvd players, and it worked in my Panasonic DVD/VHS combo player.  A store-bought DVD worked fine (although I didn't play it much more than the first menu) so I know it's not broken.I actually meant to order the Philips 7-incher (brighter screen, $20 cheaper, bulkier), but somehow I got confused when I placed the order...this one looked beautiful so I was pretty psyched anyway and was definitely going to keep it.  I was planning on using this for work, as I get a lot of DVD's from clients - so I popped one of those in and guess what?  It came up as "invalid disc".  It's supposed to play the majority of formats, and I triple checked the disc in my other dvd players, and it worked in my Panasonic DVD/VHS combo player.  A store-bought DVD worked fine (although I didn't play it much more than the first menu) so I know it's not broken.The first reviewer also noticed that it doesn't play a bunch of homemade DVD's, so I will confirm that here - if that's gonna be a deal-breaker for you then stay away.  BTW, the DVD I was trying to play was made on a Philips burner.  I didn't bother to test it with any others
 I ordered 2 of these, realizing they would have limited adjustment range - other reviews are correct in that they are very limited in their travel. What prompts my one star rating and subsequent return of my order is that they will not hold their rated weight. This model is supposed to hold a 25 lb. monitor; it failed miserably at attempting to hold my 23 lb. iMac. There is no tension adjustment (already as tight as it would go) and the computer just flopped forward. With a light monitor, I'm sure it would be fine, but don't expect even close to the stated 25 lb. rating. 
 I spent $400 16 months ago on two very similar portable Audiovox DVD players for my kids, for long roadtrips.  They were handled with care, never abused or exposed to severe temperatures.  I think we got about 6 trips out of them, then the screens went blank while in use and both units died within 24 hours of each other.  Circuit City informed me the product is no longer on their shelves and referred me to Audiovox, who will do nothing since the product is now out of warranty.  Extended warranties are useless on this kind of product -- who can wait 6-8 weeks for repairs?  Parents, find another brand
 Bought one from Amazon, they sat on the order for a week before shipping a unit that arrived dead. Went through the return/replacement process and they sat on the order for over a week this time and the  that one arrived dead with the exact same failure mode. Bought one from Amazon, they sat on the order for a week before shipping a unit that arrived dead. Went through the return/replacement process and they sat on the order for over a week this time and the  that one arrived dead with the exact same failure mode. The second one looked as if it had been opened before, accessory bag not sealed, manuals out of place, interior packaging worn. I believe the second one they sent was a return that was then resent to me. Bad news!!!The second one looked as if it had been opened before, accessory bag not sealed, manuals out of place, interior packaging worn. I believe the second one they sent was a return that was then resent to me. Bad news!!!I still had both and in hope of fixing on, I contacted Garmin who said they were indeed broken and offered to fix one and send it back. This would mean I'd have paid full price for what would then be a refurbished unit.  Both of them returned.I still had both and in hope of fixing on, I contacted Garmin who said they were indeed broken and offered to fix one and send it back. This would mean I'd have paid full price for what would then be a refurbished unit.  Both of them returned.I needed the unit right away for a desert trip. Amazon's refund process made it such that they'd not refund all of the funds but hold them on account (those that were originally given to me as a gift certificate from my employer). Therefore I could not get the equipment for a local vendor. I needed the unit right away for a desert trip. Amazon's refund process made it such that they'd not refund all of the funds but hold them on account (those that were originally given to me as a gift certificate from my employer). Therefore I could not get the equipment for a local vendor. I opened one month nearly to the day dealing with slow order processing, bad units, and more. I opened one month nearly to the day dealing with slow order processing, bad units, and more. So, I'd not recommend the unit and I think Amazon may need to review their own practices to ensure what they have in inventory is new and likely operational, and that when a customer orders something, they put in the effort to ship it ASAP!!So, I'd not recommend the unit and I think Amazon may need to review their own practices to ensure what they have in inventory is new and likely operational, and that when a customer orders something, they put in the effort to ship it ASAP!!Without that, if you have to buy one, go to a local dealer, put that batteries in at that shop and have them prove it works before you leave with it. Since you can't so that here, don't buy it here. 
 My first GPS. It was pretty expensive and had lots of nice features (ability to save many tracks). The software is very US-centric.My first GPS. It was pretty expensive and had lots of nice features (ability to save many tracks). The software is very US-centric.It worked very well on the flat and in unwooded conditions. However don't use one of these things to navigate in the bush (use a compass). The technology is just not there to cope with either valleys or an overhead canopy. It was handy to confrm where I was when I found a clearing on top of a hill. Finally although the battery life is better than most it is still abysmal.It worked very well on the flat and in unwooded conditions. However don't use one of these things to navigate in the bush (use a compass). The technology is just not there to cope with either valleys or an overhead canopy. It was handy to confrm where I was when I found a clearing on top of a hill. Finally although the battery life is better than most it is still abysmal.In summary these things are still a toy for a tramper rather than an essential tool
 I purchased two of these units the first one worked OK. The second one has a problem. In a side by side comparison the signal qualities of the two units vary. I checked there accuracy and tracking with OziExplorer moving map software. The first unit tracks pretty good, but the second units position is off a large percentage of the time and sometimes as much as 400 meters. I sent the faulty unit to Garmin to be repaired. They sent it back with a description of the problem and that it had been fixed. I checked the unit out and it is the same as when I sent it to them. Now I'm stuck with a dud
 My brand-new card failed the first time I tried to download pictures from it; I lost all of the pictures from my two-week trip to Guatemala
 This has got to be the worst camera out there. I don't even think it's suitable for my 13 year old son. The pictures come out horrible! Good thing it was purchase mainly with gift certificates. I'm still sorry I wasted them on this piece of junk
 I purchased this camera for my daughter for Christmas. It was small,compact, and fairly inexpesive, perfect for a preteen. First, it took forever to charge (the instructions indicate that it takes four hours). After waiting for hours, my daughter attempted to take pictures, but the camera would not work. The manual shows several different symbols that you should see in the LCD display, but none of these symbols appeared on this camera. I am returning the camera immediately and I would not advise anyone to purchase one.
 I bought this so called "stereo" system at a Big Lot's Store for about $40.00. I figured since they were selling it there it must be a good deal, and it looked very cool too. It worked for about a month before it started skipping and remote was wigging out. It never sounded any better than one of those old plastic 45 record players. It looked good in my daughters bedroom but it lookes and sounds much better in the dumpster. I can't believe this company can get away with selling this worthless crap. I will never buy anything from them again
 I would love this keyboard except for the spacebar, which sticks very badly. It installed easily-is sleek and comfortable-but is not usable for very long because of this glitch. I'm starting to see more reviews on this spacebar problem-so it looks to be fairly common with this model.
 I've loved these headphones for the year or two I've had them.  I still love them now....  when they work.  The problem is that the cord is shoddy.  When I plug into my laptop I have a hard time keeping it working.  I have to twist the cord just right to get the sound to work.  If its not just right I'll get sound in only one ear, if at all.  I don't think this happened because of any handling issues seeing as how the base just sits on my desk.  I don't think it has ever left my office and I don't tend to put items on top of the wire that might crush it.  Overall I like these things, but I'm just getting sick of the sound phasing in and out when my laptop moves the slightest bit
 I purchased this in the hope that I would be able to record verbal messages to myself, creative thoughts and ideas, etc. It does an adequate job of that. I had also hoped I could use it as a simple player, to download affirmations and such to listen to throughout the day. This it won't do, and it was not clear to me from the information here and on the Olympus site that it would not function this way.I purchased this in the hope that I would be able to record verbal messages to myself, creative thoughts and ideas, etc. It does an adequate job of that. I had also hoped I could use it as a simple player, to download affirmations and such to listen to throughout the day. This it won't do, and it was not clear to me from the information here and on the Olympus site that it would not function this way. First, even though it records wav files, it does not let you handle them well at all. To transfer recordings to your computer, you have to install special software (included), but you cannot transfer wav files back to the recorder (according to the software guide). If you want a recorder/player to function easily like that, you should go for the more expensive ones that allow you to use them as a USB flash drive (like the Creative Zen series). I did not install the software, as it offered nothing other than the simple transfer of a recording to my computer. I can record directly to the PC with much higher quality, so why bother? Noise recorded in a high quality format is still noise. It makes more sense to simply repeat anything I record on the Olympus and record it directly to the PC. First, even though it records wav files, it does not let you handle them well at all. To transfer recordings to your computer, you have to install special software (included), but you cannot transfer wav files back to the recorder (according to the software guide). If you want a recorder/player to function easily like that, you should go for the more expensive ones that allow you to use them as a USB flash drive (like the Creative Zen series). I did not install the software, as it offered nothing other than the simple transfer of a recording to my computer. I can record directly to the PC with much higher quality, so why bother? Noise recorded in a high quality format is still noise. It makes more sense to simply repeat anything I record on the Olympus and record it directly to the PC.Second, the sound quality is not great. Given that wav files are what are used on CDs, one would expect more than what this device delivers. It is noisy on either of the mic settings, and I would have to describe the sound quality as medium. Don't expect high fidelity. This is a voice recorder for recording quick notes and not much else. Even analog tape would be better for most things. I may be fussier than most about this, having some professional background in audio, so the sound quality may be okay for most people. People have gotten used to lower standards in just about everything.Second, the sound quality is not great. Given that wav files are what are used on CDs, one would expect more than what this device delivers. It is noisy on either of the mic settings, and I would have to describe the sound quality as medium. Don't expect high fidelity. This is a voice recorder for recording quick notes and not much else. Even analog tape would be better for most things. I may be fussier than most about this, having some professional background in audio, so the sound quality may be okay for most people. People have gotten used to lower standards in just about everything.Finally, playback was very disappointing to me. It has only the simplest playback features. It plays, pauses, fast forwards, and reverses, period. You cannot repeat either a single recording or portion of one, and you cannot create any kind of list to specify only certain files to play. It plays (manually) one recording at a time and that is it. You cannot set markers to fast forward or reverse to (like chapters on a DVD), and searching through a recording of any length is a major pain. In fact, this recorder is defined more by what it cannot do than what it can do. It is well built physically, although it is definitely designed for small hands, and can be a bit uncomfortable to use if your hands aren't small.Finally, playback was very disappointing to me. It has only the simplest playback features. It plays, pauses, fast forwards, and reverses, period. You cannot repeat either a single recording or portion of one, and you cannot create any kind of list to specify only certain files to play. It plays (manually) one recording at a time and that is it. You cannot set markers to fast forward or reverse to (like chapters on a DVD), and searching through a recording of any length is a major pain. In fact, this recorder is defined more by what it cannot do than what it can do. It is well built physically, although it is definitely designed for small hands, and can be a bit uncomfortable to use if your hands aren't small.If all you want is to record medium quality voice, this will work fine. Don't expect it to record music or anything like that - you will be disappointed. Think of it as the audio version of a $20 digital camera. Cheap, quick, grabs the image, but no frills at all. Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed. If all you want is to record medium quality voice, this will work fine. Don't expect it to record music or anything like that - you will be disappointed. Think of it as the audio version of a $20 digital camera. Cheap, quick, grabs the image, but no frills at all. Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed. I am usually very happy with Olympus gear, but this is definitely below their usual standard. Unless your needs are very spartan and smple, I would recommend looking at more capable devices
 I was not able to get this card working with my Win2K laptop. I'm no novice, have configured the rest of my wireless network without any problem, and have had a friend's Netgear card working in the same system. I called tech support and after working with me they said the card was defective and to send it back, which I did. However, I had the same problem with the replacement card. So, I can't recommend this product
 I was not able to get this card working with my Win2K laptop. I'm no novice, have configured the rest of my wireless network without any problem, and have had a friend's Netgear card working in the same system. I called tech support and after working with me they said the card was defective and to send it back, which I did. However, I had the same problem with the replacement card. So, I can't recommend this productWhile spending hours trying to figure out how to set the alarm, I sometimes wonder what hater of humanity actual designed this thing
 1.  Buttons are too small, some of which are not spaced apart very well (very convenient for somebody waking up who can accidentally hit the wrong button).1.  Buttons are too small, some of which are not spaced apart very well (very convenient for somebody waking up who can accidentally hit the wrong button).2.  Buttons are labeled, organized, and layed out confusingly.  For example, why not have an "alarm interface" which would include all of the alarm modes and features, and maybe a "radio interface" which would include all of the radio functions/settings.  You would really understand how confusing this is if you were to actually go through the process of operating this alarm clock.  But really, don't do it, make the smart choice.2.  Buttons are labeled, organized, and layed out confusingly.  For example, why not have an "alarm interface" which would include all of the alarm modes and features, and maybe a "radio interface" which would include all of the radio functions/settings.  You would really understand how confusing this is if you were to actually go through the process of operating this alarm clock.  But really, don't do it, make the smart choice.3.  Too many features/modes.  I understand some people prefer all of the different features, but I wanted a simple alarm clock with a buzzer/radio, and clock.  Of course all of these special modes are set as the default, so it is a pain to try and configure all of the settings to a simple mode.  So for those who want a simple alarm clock, definitely DO NOT GET THIS!!3.  Too many features/modes.  I understand some people prefer all of the different features, but I wanted a simple alarm clock with a buzzer/radio, and clock.  Of course all of these special modes are set as the default, so it is a pain to try and configure all of the settings to a simple mode.  So for those who want a simple alarm clock, definitely DO NOT GET THIS!!4.  The button handling event is flawed.  For example, sometimes when I push a button, it does not handle the event (the device doesn't think that you pressed the button).  So I would have to press the button again and check to see if the radio handled the button input correctly.4.  The button handling event is flawed.  For example, sometimes when I push a button, it does not handle the event (the device doesn't think that you pressed the button).  So I would have to press the button again and check to see if the radio handled the button input correctly.5.  It is very slow when holding the button down and waiting for the alarm clock to increment up and down.5.  It is very slow when holding the button down and waiting for the alarm clock to increment up and down.6.  Radio reception is very poor.  I have another radio right next to it that gets much better reception than this clock.6.  Radio reception is very poor.  I have another radio right next to it that gets much better reception than this clock.7.  LED is not very bright and hard to read from 10 feet and farther out.7.  LED is not very bright and hard to read from 10 feet and farther out.I have nothing against TIMEX (they make great watches).  This was written to protect anyone who who does not want to waste $30.I have nothing against TIMEX (they make great watches).  This was written to protect anyone who who does not want to waste $30. 
 I had this 6 months (which is how long it takes to figure out how to use it!) and the backlight is no longer working. So I can't see the time, without a flashlight or lamp
 i had these headphones for a few years then they got crushed in half in my bag. they hurt your ears after about ten minutes. they are durable though. i would recommend the kind that clip behind your ear
 my this earbud headphone is  poor in bass response comapared to my sony mdr g-54lp(beware mdr-g54lp and mdr g54lp is two different models there is difference of - sign)  actually in experts view this type small earbuds use to give poor sound this is true with any  brand and model so never buy earbud type small headphone if you want small headphone buy IN THE EAR CANAL  type headphone  in experts view this type in ear earphone use to give good crystal clear sound example sony mdr ex 71 / 81, shure e2c etc. if bigger headphone is ok than buy mdr-g54lp 
 While the price of the 8 in 1 card reader is reasonable, consider this.  This card reader has a nasty habit of rendering smart media card useless.  Evidently, if you cut and paste or delete data on the SM card using thee 8 in 1 card reader, the reader rewrites the signature file so that it cannot be read by the camera.  So that $24 card has the potential to cost you over $80.00.  In addition, customer service is slow and I have had problems with the drivers
 Wouldn't it be nice to know what eight types of media the device will handle
 I ordered the Passport X50 from Amazon to save the $18 shipping Escort Radar was charging. I was told by someone at Escort Radar that Amazon was an authorized reseller.I ordered the Passport X50 from Amazon to save the $18 shipping Escort Radar was charging. I was told by someone at Escort Radar that Amazon was an authorized reseller.After having my detector on for ten minutes (right out of the box), it did three "SELF CAL"s, then said "SERVICE REQUIRED". I called Escort Radar and was told "If you let the car power up the unit when you start the car, the voltage can be all over the place and the unit gets confused. You must first start the car, and then use the thumbwheel to turn on the detector." It makes some sense, but if this is really the case, why don't they put those instructions in their manual? After trying this many times, the unit was "still confused", so I returned it for a replacement.After having my detector on for ten minutes (right out of the box), it did three "SELF CAL"s, then said "SERVICE REQUIRED". I called Escort Radar and was told "If you let the car power up the unit when you start the car, the voltage can be all over the place and the unit gets confused. You must first start the car, and then use the thumbwheel to turn on the detector." It makes some sense, but if this is really the case, why don't they put those instructions in their manual? After trying this many times, the unit was "still confused", so I returned it for a replacement.My second detector worked for maybe thirty minutes before the same thing happened. This time Escort Radar told me "if you leave it plugged into the cigarette lighter over night, this has been found to cause problems." Well my lighter power goes off when I turn off the ignition, so this doesn't apply. Escort Radar also told me that "excessive heat" has been causing them problems. Now we have had a few days of 100 heat, and I'm sure the car gets hotter parked in the sun, but the design engineers should have accounted for these conditions plus some margin when you design something that is supposed to work in a car. It gets a lot hotter in other parts of the country. There are no warnings in the manual about not using it above 90 or leaving it off in a hot car. You wouldn't design a ski that doesn't work below 35, would you???My second detector worked for maybe thirty minutes before the same thing happened. This time Escort Radar told me "if you leave it plugged into the cigarette lighter over night, this has been found to cause problems." Well my lighter power goes off when I turn off the ignition, so this doesn't apply. Escort Radar also told me that "excessive heat" has been causing them problems. Now we have had a few days of 100 heat, and I'm sure the car gets hotter parked in the sun, but the design engineers should have accounted for these conditions plus some margin when you design something that is supposed to work in a car. It gets a lot hotter in other parts of the country. There are no warnings in the manual about not using it above 90 or leaving it off in a hot car. You wouldn't design a ski that doesn't work below 35, would you???The most troubling part of my conversation with Escort Radar service department was they told me Amazon is not an authorized reseller, and they have no idea where they are getting the units from. Furthermore, they will not honor any warranty nor will they ever repair the unit, not even for money.
 I bought this one for its coaxial cable protection function, but the result is terrible. It greatly degrades the signal. When I use it with TV, the program on TV became unclear. When I use it with computer, the high-speed internet kept dropping. I bought this one for its coaxial cable protection function, but the result is terrible. It greatly degrades the signal. When I use it with TV, the program on TV became unclear. When I use it with computer, the high-speed internet kept dropping. I intended to return it to Amazon, and I found Amazon's return policy is that only partial refund for opened products. How can I know it's dysfunctional before I destroyed the package and used it? In the future, I only buy stuff at online stores with local stores, such as bestbuy or circuit city, so that I can easily get refund.
 I bought the iriver mobile transmitter hoping that i would be able to listen to my mp3 player through my radio. I like the fact that it is easy to use and that you can choose your station, but i live in monroe and we get stations from toledo and detroit, which is a problem because most or all of the stations are occupied or have interference and the transmitter is not strong enough to block out the slight interference from far away stations. I didnt think to check to see how many stations i could use for this product, looking back, i should have. i would only recommend this transmitter if you live somewhere that there aren't many stations that you can listen to on the radi
 It broke after two uses.  It has an auto shutoff if no detection after 30 seconds and I plugged it in to everything and it would shut off every 30 seconds.  I was so mad I threw it out the window.  What a waste of thirty bucks
 The Bel RX65 worked great, for about 1 month.  After that, it started flashing "SelfCal" and "Service Requiered" on the screen.  Sent it in to Bel for them to fix the problem.  After about 10 days I got the product back, only to have it repeat exactly the same problems again within 2 days of having it.  I feel like I've been ripped off, because they either didn't even look at it or they don't know how to test something for a problem.  I spent $300 for a detector that doesn't work as well as a $40 one (and I know, I've had both)!The Bel RX65 worked great, for about 1 month.  After that, it started flashing "SelfCal" and "Service Requiered" on the screen.  Sent it in to Bel for them to fix the problem.  After about 10 days I got the product back, only to have it repeat exactly the same problems again within 2 days of having it.  I feel like I've been ripped off, because they either didn't even look at it or they don't know how to test something for a problem.  I spent $300 for a detector that doesn't work as well as a $40 one (and I know, I've had both)!I would say I recommend Escort, but I've since learned that they are owned by the same company as Bel.  Valentine 1 is too costly, so I guess that doesn't really leave many good detectors on the market
 These things are not worth the money .. get a cheap one! Look at http://www.radarbusters.com/ or www.007radardetectors.com or www.consumersearch.com
 You can't plug two of these in side-by-side, the plastic surrounding the business ends are too fat
 Don't listen to any of us.You already have an internet connection because you are here. Go to a browser and ask the question you asked here. You will find that any review that is NOT a store will tell you that ALL speaker wire is the same. They just look cool. If that's what you need, then buy it. Otherwise, stay away from monster. It's just like bose speakers.   BUZZ word, that's all. These companies can't make any money selling you a 10 dollar cable.
 At first it wasn't a bad unit.  But it broke within a year.  Now that I read the past reviews, I see I'm not alone....
 GOT THIS UNIT ON MARCH 28TH 2005 AT CIRCUIT CITY HAD IT FOR EXACTLY 2 WEEKS AND THE DISK STOPPED SPINNING! TOOK IT BACK TO THE STORE AND THEY DIDNT HAVE ANOTHER ONE SO THEY TOLD ME I COULD PICK IT UP AT ANOTHER ONE OF THEIR STORE LOCATIONS AND IT WOULD BE "READY FOR ME" TO PICK UP!  PICKED IT UP TOOK IT HOME AND COUPLE OF DAYS LATER WENT TO USE IT AND IT DIDNT SPIN!!! RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX!!! TOOK IT BACK TO CIRCUIT CITY AND THEY SAID THEY COULD ONLY FIND THE RECEIPT ON FILE FOR THE FIRST ONE(THAT GOT RETURNED) AND NOT FOR THIS ONE---  AFTER MUCH DEBATE NOTHING GOT DONE FOR ME AT CIRCUIT CITY BECAUSE THE RECEIPT THEY GAVE ME BACK WAS THE OLD ONE AND NOW I'M STUCK WITH THIS PEICE OF JUNK I PAID $369.00 FOR AND CIRCUIT CITY SUCKS TOO! CALLED AUDIOVOX TODAY 7/19/05   (WAITED A WHILE I WAS BUSY GIVING BIRTH AT THE END OF MAY)AND THEY TOLD ME THE 90 DAYS WERE UP (BY 10 DAYS!) AND COULD ONLY FIX IT FOR A FLAT RATE OF $93.00 PLUS SHIP!!! I AM PISSED OF
 I love this mouse! It's compact and picks up the signal on just about EVERY surface. I gave it 2 stars because I figured out that it was preventing my laptop from going into idle mode (Windows XP, SP2). Sadly, I'm going to have to get another mouse because of that
 Is very neet item especiatlly since it is usable with 1:1 speed as well as 2
 I bought it last april and i didnt realize that slide lock key was too weak, and now I try to write data but a message is about the data is secure (locked)
 Samsung is the WORST.  We bought this TV in August and it was delivered in September to our new house.  We opened it on a Sunday, plugged it in and watched it for a while, then on Monday it would not come on.  They thought it was a lamp, but that didn't fix it so they came and got it to service it.  We bought it for football season and football season is half over and we still have no TV.  They decided to replace it since they couldn't fix it.  That was three weeks ago.  Now they are giving us the runaround blaming shipping/warehouse/etc for the delay in sending the new one.  During a phone conversation with Samsung they basically said they were so far behind on shipping because they had so many to ship out (ie lots of them have problems and are being replaced is the way I took it.
 After waiting almost 6 months for this Skypephone, and its competitor from Belkin, to come to market through numerous postponements, I just gave up and bought an Asus P525 smartphone. For just over double the price of the Netgear I got a Windows CE PDA with GSM capability and full Skype compatibility. When browsing through your phone contacts your are given the choice to call through GSM or Skype. Because you have built-in Wi-Fi, you can make Skype calls and chats from any covered area, plus you can go on the internet using IE and check your e-mails with Outlook. I have also read that the Skype software that runs on dedicated phones like the Netgear and the Belkin is very crude due to the lack of processing power, whereas with a Windows CE-based device you have much faster processors that allow a Skype software closer to the one used on PCs.For those of you alergic to Windows, just wait for the Skype for Symbian release and buy a Nokia or SonyEricsson smartphone.Bottom line: Skype is too good an application to be wasted on poorly designed hardware
 This phone is a total piece of garbage. Freezing, rebooting, not being able to connect to hot spots, not logging you out of skype if you are logged on at your computer at the same time. Horrible tech support. Can I add any more negative feedback? Oh yeah the rediculous ring tones and speaker quality. Thanks for nothing netgear and for making me wait 6 months on pre order for a real piece of plastic junk
 Amazon does not ship to Post Office Boxes.  The mouse could ONLY be shipped to a post office box per Amazon shipping proticol.  Therefore, after TWO attempts to purchace this product from Amazon I had to buy elsewhere.  If you live where the United States Postal Service does not deliver the mail to your house, pass of this item if not Amazon.  I have considerable expierance buying mail order and online and this is the first time I have found a company setting rules that actually prevent the buyer from recieving the product
 I bought this printer about 4 months ago.  The prints are beautiful, and the speed quite good as well.  However, I felt compelled to write a review tonight because of the constant error messages that pop up saying that there are too many ink cartridges of "X" color installed.  It happens now between every print job, forcing me to open the printer, pull out and re-install one to three of the tanks, and then print my document.  There is something wrong with this thing, and I don't appear to be the first experiencing it.  Figures... I wait eight years to replace my printer, and end up with one that malfunctions! I will attempt to return this item
 I love the basic design, great hardware/software linkage, and software interface of this Mac-happy scanner.  However, I value my time too much to babysit the feed mechanism of the unit I received last week.  It inconsistently graps multiple pages as other reviewers have disclosed.  So, if you're scanning a 10-page doc and it misses one somewhere along the way, have you really accomplished anything?  No.  You must either try the whole thing again (with likely the same result), or you must figure out what page(s) is missing, scan it separately, and go thru a simple yet not expedient Acrobat process to insert the omitted page.  In the end, this machine made it +90% of the way to being a really great product, but the shortcoming fouls half the machine's overall utility.  Swing a little bit harder next time Fujitsu
 I've gone thru multiple revisions of firmware, and multiple calls to D-Link support, and this piece of junk still does not work with the D-Link DWL-G700AP.  D-Link support calls are worthless.  As a computer professional, I find it appalling that D-Link would introduce and continue to sell this product, which clearly does not operate correctly. 
 I bought this machine on August 3, 2005 and within one week of using it (as an outgoing fax only), there was a machine error.  I called customer service and after being on hold for 23 minutes I was able to speak with a live representative.  I was told that the machine would need to be replaced.  They sent me a REFURBISHED unit (the warranty indicates that any replacement units will be refurbished units).  They sent the base unit only, so I had to remove the drum unit, paper tray, and handset from the original fax machine to use with the replacement unit.  So, after only a couple of hours of using the replacement unit, I was back on hold to report another machine error.  12 minutes and I finally get a rep.  Apparently, the drum unit (which is less than one month old) is bad.  So now I'm waiting for the replacement drum unit.  DON'T EVER BUY A BROTHER MACHINE.  THEY'RE HORRIBLE MACHINES AND TRYING TO GET THROUGH TO CUSTOMER SERVICE IS VERY, VERY TIME CONSUMING
 Wow this is a real piece of junk if you have any other wireless devices going on in the home.  And who nowadays doesn't?  There is so much noise you can't even hear yourself think.  Oh well lesson learned.  If I could have given this device a zero I would have.Wow this is a real piece of junk if you have any other wireless devices going on in the home.  And who nowadays doesn't?  There is so much noise you can't even hear yourself think.  Oh well lesson learned.  If I could have given this device a zero I would have.
 I was terribly disappointed in this product which I bought for use in my Canon Pixma iP6000D printer. The image is grainy and, if you touch the photo within 5 minutes, you will leave marks. I laid anothe picture on top of one done 5 minutes earlier, and they stuck together. I have had very good luck with Canon paper
 This would be a GREAT product is the chemical smell was not so bad and last so long.  It has a horrible smell that just will not go away.  I saw others mention the same issue but thought I would give it a try.  It smells.This would be a GREAT product is the chemical smell was not so bad and last so long.  It has a horrible smell that just will not go away.  I saw others mention the same issue but thought I would give it a try.  It smells.Other than that, the comfort is great.  But I gave it 2 weeks to air out and the smell will not go away.  I would suggest you don't buy this is you have a sensitive nose.  It kinda smells like those squishy foam beds and slippers you see at Brookstone
 Yes, yes, I know. Griffin has iPod Mini compatability all over their RoadTrip web page. But the sad fact is, when you recieve it you will NOT find an adapter for the iPod Mini in the box although there are adapters for other iPods. When you read the instruction book you will find that you must purchase an adapter from Apple Computer to make it work. Calling Apple, I find that they no longer sell the adapter. When I called Griffin I was surprised to find that if you have any other iPod than Mini and the adapter is not in the box, they will send you one. They recommended that I return the RoadTrip, which is what I did. Save yourself the aggrevation -- if you have an iPod Mini stay away from Griffin Technology
 I had four of theese units in place and they all got replaced by the FVS338.  The main reason is the speed.  I have a lab and we tested the max Internet throughput of the FVS318's at 1.2Mbps!  This is unacceptable.  Oh yes, this is with the latest firmware.I had four of theese units in place and they all got replaced by the FVS338.  The main reason is the speed.  I have a lab and we tested the max Internet throughput of the FVS318's at 1.2Mbps!  This is unacceptable.  Oh yes, this is with the latest firmware.Several calls to customer service left me infuriated at the lack of comprehension of the problem.  I contacted their legal deptartment the same day.  Several promises were made on Netgears part wich resulted in them having another level 1 tech call me again to insist I reinstall my OS!Several calls to customer service left me infuriated at the lack of comprehension of the problem.  I contacted their legal deptartment the same day.  Several promises were made on Netgears part wich resulted in them having another level 1 tech call me again to insist I reinstall my OS!I have successfully sued to get my money back.I have successfully sued to get my money back.With all of my venting done, I would like to say that I am still a fan of the Prosafe line and will continue to use it.  But Netgear be warned, I will be all over you until you get this product line properly supported
 Most reviews don't seem to mention a key spec - the throughput of a firewall. I just upgraded my cable connection to the new (up to) 30Mbs plan and bought an FSV318v3 firewall to use with it. Without the firewall in place, I measured about 25Mbs download speed. When I installed the firewall in between the modem and one computer, download speed went down to 6.5Mbs. I also discovered that if the "enable keyword blocking" checkbox is enabled, the throughput went down to 5Mbs, EVEN IF THERE WERE NO KEYWORDS!Most reviews don't seem to mention a key spec - the throughput of a firewall. I just upgraded my cable connection to the new (up to) 30Mbs plan and bought an FSV318v3 firewall to use with it. Without the firewall in place, I measured about 25Mbs download speed. When I installed the firewall in between the modem and one computer, download speed went down to 6.5Mbs. I also discovered that if the "enable keyword blocking" checkbox is enabled, the throughput went down to 5Mbs, EVEN IF THERE WERE NO KEYWORDS!This firewall is useless if you have a high-speed connection
 Surprisingly poor quality for a Uniden phone.  Volume is very low -- hard to hear caller.  Don't waste your money. 
 We had such high hopes for this product and sadly had to return it.  Only 20 feet away from the base unit, the clarity was very, very poor.  We've owned many regular cordless phones of varying quality and price-points, yet the least expensive of these were better than this...  they just weren't waterproof.  It's a great concept if they could just make them work well.  Sure wish we could find a good waterproof phone!!
 Don't get me wrong, this is a pretty clever gadget. However, it's mising one thing in terms of usability: an on/off switch. This really limits the usability of both, since it's typical to want to turn the flashlight off for a moment, or the laser pointer on for a moment. I can't see me using this laser pointer in a real presentation, since it'd either be on all the time, or I'd be pulling the light in and out all the time (neither of which make me look cool).Don't get me wrong, this is a pretty clever gadget. However, it's mising one thing in terms of usability: an on/off switch. This really limits the usability of both, since it's typical to want to turn the flashlight off for a moment, or the laser pointer on for a moment. I can't see me using this laser pointer in a real presentation, since it'd either be on all the time, or I'd be pulling the light in and out all the time (neither of which make me look cool).So if you're going to buy this, keep this limitation in mind
 Finally.  Finally.  Next time I can't find my keys in the dark all I need to do is find this thingie and fumble it into my iPod's holes.  What a lifesaver!Next time I can't find my keys in the dark all I need to do is find this thingie and fumble it into my iPod's holes.  What a lifesaver!And in the same box is the laser pointer so I don't have to stop listening to 50cent just because I'm doing some silly corporate presentation!  And in the same box is the laser pointer so I don't have to stop listening to 50cent just because I'm doing some silly corporate presentation!  While it is a little tough to dance and fry an airline pilot's eyes at the same time, it is the latest craze so I LOVE THIS PRODUCT!While it is a little tough to dance and fry an airline pilot's eyes at the same time, it is the latest craze so I LOVE THIS PRODUCT!;-)
 This mousepad may seem as a great product but at times the rest becomes a little bit tiresome, and I think it get's in the way of my hand and the mouse. It did take me a great deal of time to get used to this pad but anyone else who use's it has found it in the way and annoying. I have to agree with this, b/c it truly does get into the way of my hand and its a little bit confusing. Also it is much bigger than most mousepad's it takes up a great deal of space
 The noise canceling is just barely discernible in comparison to when it is turned off and the music quality is not comparable to other earbuds in this price range ($60 list, $35 Amazon). The cloth wrapped cords seem like a nice feature for making them a bit more rugged, but I don't like the way the cords are arranged which create this loop that you put your head into (combined with the stronger cord, better not wear them around machinery since getting them caught will likely result in something a bit more painful than just having the earbuds yanked out of your ears)
 I had the same exact experience with the poor fit of these headphones and the rude customer service.  Their 'surround-sound' HE-592 phones don't fit well either.I had the same exact experience with the poor fit of these headphones and the rude customer service.  Their 'surround-sound' HE-592 phones don't fit well either.On the phone Philips told me to buy a part at RadioShack to resolve my problem.  They couldn't give me an RS part number because "it isn't their product" but they recommend that over selling me or sending me  replacement ear pieces.  According to them this problem was all my fault, I should have realized it sooner, saved my receipts & packaging an returned them within 30 days.On the phone Philips told me to buy a part at RadioShack to resolve my problem.  They couldn't give me an RS part number because "it isn't their product" but they recommend that over selling me or sending me  replacement ear pieces.  According to them this problem was all my fault, I should have realized it sooner, saved my receipts & packaging an returned them within 30 days.From a technology standpoint the electronics are outstanding for the size and price.  I like the performance of the phones on planes, trains, etc.  They really work well but I am amazed that Phillips would risk losing customers over pennies worth of silicone.  It is a shame Philips can't do better with the customer touchpoints like the ear piece design, their phone support and part replacement policies.From a technology standpoint the electronics are outstanding for the size and price.  I like the performance of the phones on planes, trains, etc.  They really work well but I am amazed that Phillips would risk losing customers over pennies worth of silicone.  It is a shame Philips can't do better with the customer touchpoints like the ear piece design, their phone support and part replacement policies.Take a look at Shure's products.  Shure sells replacement foam and triple flange sleeve ear pieces for their products.  If you are in the same boat with me and like these except for the fit I think the triple flange sleeves may work as a replacement for the stock Phillips ear pieces
 If you're not that picky about sound quality with music, then these may work for you.  I think the frequency response range with these earbuds are pretty minimal.  To me, the music is all mids.  It's missing significant highs and lows for this price range.If you're not that picky about sound quality with music, then these may work for you.  I think the frequency response range with these earbuds are pretty minimal.  To me, the music is all mids.  It's missing significant highs and lows for this price range.I gave these away to a friend who's not that picky at all, but she could tell a difference in sound quality right away.  She normally uses the IPod earbuds which are uncomfortable to her.  However, the noise canceling out weighs the sound quality so she prefers to use these earbuds over her Ipod buds riding a crowded train or bus.I gave these away to a friend who's not that picky at all, but she could tell a difference in sound quality right away.  She normally uses the IPod earbuds which are uncomfortable to her.  However, the noise canceling out weighs the sound quality so she prefers to use these earbuds over her Ipod buds riding a crowded train or bus.Hopefully I can find something affordable that has good frequency response.  Or maybe I need to educate myself.  Is it the frequency response, the impedence, or something else that covers the sound spectrum?  I'm just looking for a good balance of lows, mids, and highs
 ...So I was satisfied with the noise-cancelling qualities. The cloth cable is very nice and doesn't tangle as much as the usual plastic ones. I liked not having to spend so much time untangling thes in the morning. The headphones I purchased come with 3 sizes of rubber cap earbud covers and I found only one to be suitable for my ears. Of course, after less than a month one of those earbuds fell off and now I can't use these earphones until I find a replacement somewhere, which is proving to be troublesome. Super. I didn't buy these on clearance at Target so that hurts my pocketbooks and I am very ANNOYED right now. In the meantime, I've returned to some $10 non-earbud headphones and I really miss the noise-cancelling quality of these Philips earbuds. Life sucks and I want to die because now I can hear everything going on around me during the morning commute on public transportation.
 I agree with the person who says there are no instructions and poor image quality. I wonder if they gave us a mini jack like games systems use if it would work better on TVs that have the 3 jacks on the front. Games systems get good image quality so why is this so bad... No info on this from Monster. Looks like a very good product but I will return it unfortunately. I did discover though that I can use a stereo jack with R-L on one end and a mini jack on the ibook end to give me audio speakers on any TV or Stereo for my iTunes, and audio for a DVD that I am playing but I don't need to spend this much money to get that. If the image were good I would keep it. I would rather show my slide shows from the computer. The image was very bad..
 I have had this phone for about three years. I bought it primarily to use it as a good quality speaker-phone (with mute) for long conference calls. It was quite expensive (I paid $200 to get it) but here are what I have found to be its shortcomings: No caller-id display. This just baffles me. I get caller-Id on all other phones in the house except this one. I have tried every possible varient (resetted settings, disconnected other phones, etc.) but nothing works: I always get "NO ID MESSAGE" on the LCD. The second major shortcoming is that called-parties often complain about the feedback on the speakerphone. One way to reduce that is by lowering the volume significantly, but that sort-of defeats the purpose of having a good speakerphone. Another minor shortcoming is that the phone requires to be powered even though it is a corded-phone (hence will not work in case of emergencies). Finally, two connect two lines you have to use an ugly adapter. One good thing about the phone is that it looks quite good, has a professional appearance, and claims to have a duplex-speakerphone.
 Sound output is terrible, you can't hear it in a car or airplane(with high quality, noise cancelling earphones).  When I called customer service they told me it was not intended for use in a car or airplane. Picture is very good, but I have heard better sound from much cheaper players.  Don't waste your money
 I just purchased yesterday the Home Dock Deluxe for list price at a local retailer.  I read all the reviews, (most of them bad but I got it anyway) the menu on TV part being my motivation.  And so far, I am not feeling good about buying it...I just purchased yesterday the Home Dock Deluxe for list price at a local retailer.  I read all the reviews, (most of them bad but I got it anyway) the menu on TV part being my motivation.  And so far, I am not feeling good about buying it...1.	The sound quality is very poor.  Almost every song has some distortion and sounds "muffled" along with a good hiss.  I thought I was listening to a 70's era cassette it was so bad!  I have a high end Sony/Infinity system and the poor sound is very noticeable.  In desperation (and checking to make sure my amp was working fine) I plugged in my Apple dock from my 4th Gen Photo 60gb and the standard Apple AV cable.  The sound problem disappeared, and was crystal clear.2.	The menus to not work properly.  My Nano 5gb seems to work OK, but my 60gb 4th Gen Photo does not.  The menus are rather slow, and the artist, or album, or song titles disappear at random.  Sometimes you can back up a level on the menu and you will see the data, but mostly it is just blank.  The cursor will scroll down as though there is data there, but nothing shows on the screen.  You can play the music from the blank screen, but it is pot luck as to what you will play as you cannot see any titles.  I like the idea, but VERY, VERY frustrating.3.	There is NO support at all from the DLO website. It just lets me download a PDF of the manual or to buy more accessories.  I did not even bother contacting them due to all the problems.   I am not impressed.  4.	There also all the other problems listed elsewhere, too light and build quality poor, annoying power LED on front, no artwork on TV menu etc...5.	So basically, it is WAY too expensive.  Not worth it.  Not even worth 10% of the price charged.5.	So basically, it is WAY too expensive.  Not worth it.  Not even worth 10% of the price charged.I should have listened to all the comments above, and not believed some of the "official" reviews on the web.  So it is back in the box and ready for a trip back to the store.  I guess my lesson is that I should trust the reviews
 The mouse pad is a great idea with superb support for the wrist. Unlike some customers, I did not detect any odors or problems with the materials use in the gel pad.  However, the mouse pad did not work with my Logitech optical mouse.  Great idea but poorly implemented.
 Wow, I can't believe how much I hate this bag.  And it was expensive, compared to some of the stuff I passed up.  I thought I couldn't go wrong with Targus...but I could and I did.  First, the strap is horrible.  It keeps getting twisted and I have marks on my shoulder from where it cuts in to it.  2nd, it's REALLY heavy.  Lastly, there's all these compartments that don't do anything and mostly get in the way.  Like the phone add-on.  My phone doesn't fit in there, and even if it did, would I carry my phone on my bag? 
 This SD would not work in my  Nikon  Coolpix S6 camera (but the Fuji and Sandisk product did
 This card crashed my system with the blue screen of death after installation.  Please be really careful with this one
 Not so happy. Ordered one of these and plugged by PDA which did not charge.Not so happy. Ordered one of these and plugged by PDA which did not charge.Turns out that it only charges when the larger item is drawing current. So it will only charge the phone/pda etc IF the laptop is drawing current. This is very annoying when the laptop is shut down with a full battery since it draws no current, thus the phone/pda do not charge
 I hate this contraption and I stupidly let 30 days pass before I realized how much I hate it. Now I start every morning with a "boy I hate this thing."  Why? well here are few reasons why: You cannot read the numbers unless you are within 18" and to get a backlight you must depress "any button"---not a bad idea but horribly executed.  The backlight lasts four seconds--way too fast in the night and "any button" is a lie because you can't press "stop" nor the "on" for radio or cd without starting a whole other process which you then, in the dark, have to figure out how to terminate.  The cd player spends more time "reading" your cd than it does playing it.  The "tuner/band" button is very sensitive and lord knows what you will wake up to, the screech of a not tuned in AM station happens way too often.  The worst of it all was I called Eton to tell them how much I hated it, just thought they might want to know. I had a friendly conversation with a very nice receptionist who assured me they wanted me to be happy and would do something, but first she wanted me to talk to the engineer/designer.  So I waited a week for him to return my call and he was quite rude saying if there is nothing wrong with it (everything is wrong, but they don't count that) there is nothing they can do.  He offered to trade mine for a different one just the same and I said "why bother."  It was a classic story of "I made it so it is by definition without errors--now leave me alone,just buy it and be thrilled with my brilliant design
 I loved this speaker system when I got it last year.  But in the last few months it developed a loud humming noise that makes it so you can not hear your music.  Very disapointed
 1st the ipod is expensive. It should at least come with a protective cover.  2nd i rarely used it and only when im in the gym. Quite to often when i go to turn the ipod on it goes into something called "disk mode" which freezes the unit up and cant be played. Theres not hard reset button so i have to go without listening to music for the hour or so im in the gym then take it home plug it in the cpu to get it to unfreeze.  Im so pissed at this thing because im all exicted to finnaly listen to some music and get amped in the gym and the dang thing freezes. For the money i spent on this thing it shouldnt happe
 I'd really like to know how I listen to the radio at night and have it shut off in an hour and then have the alarm go off when I need it. I thought that's what a radio was supposed to do
  DO NOT BELIEVE THE POSITIVE REVIEWS!!!!!!!Like most of the other reviews- THIS  CASE SCRATCHED MY IPOD---BAD!!!  Too bad I didn't read all of these reviews before I purchased the case. I wonder if Contour Designs is going to blow me off when I contact them TODAY(11-1-05).........
 Does NOT work with my Creative ZEN.  Can leave plugged in overnight and it does NOT charge at all
 Do not waste your money, this was under recommendations, but I would NOT recommend this with your Creative Zen.My daughter purchased this after saving up for an MP3 player, this just does not seem to give enough power, we plug it in and 12 hours later it is still charging. Plug the MP3 into the computer USB and it is done in less than 2 hours.It may work fine for some other things but not the Creative Zen. It would cost more to return and they will only exchange it, so guess we are just eating the cost and S & H. I should have read the reviews before; would have seen that you get what you pay for, don't waste your money
 What a waste of money.  I wish someone had posted before the Dec. 22 posting (which was excellent) pointing out that this device doesn't work on an iPod "shuffle".  I spent more to ship this item than I did for the item itself, so I am also stuck with one.What a waste of money.  I wish someone had posted before the Dec. 22 posting (which was excellent) pointing out that this device doesn't work on an iPod "shuffle".  I spent more to ship this item than I did for the item itself, so I am also stuck with one.Rats!!
 Using the component input on your TV can make a huge difference in picture quality, but the differentce between the lower priced monster cables and the most expensive monster cables in not noticeable. Save yourself $50 and buy the cheap ones
 I bought this drive with the advice from my father who has bought several LaCie's for his company. He's always had good luck with them.I bought this drive with the advice from my father who has bought several LaCie's for his company. He's always had good luck with them.The first thing that I noticed when I opened the box was that there was a gap between the case and the faceplate. I called LaCie customer service and they sent me instructions on how to open the case and also noted my serial number so that I wouldn't void my warranty. The problem was that there were 2 screws that hold the faceplate onto the internal chassis who were not even tighted (as if they started the screws and didn't tighten them).The first thing that I noticed when I opened the box was that there was a gap between the case and the faceplate. I called LaCie customer service and they sent me instructions on how to open the case and also noted my serial number so that I wouldn't void my warranty. The problem was that there were 2 screws that hold the faceplate onto the internal chassis who were not even tighted (as if they started the screws and didn't tighten them).By the way... the actual HD inside the case is a Maxtor. If I had know that prior to purchase, I would not have bought the LaCie.By the way... the actual HD inside the case is a Maxtor. If I had know that prior to purchase, I would not have bought the LaCie.I fixed the problem with the case and turned it on.. only to be hit with a high pitched winning sound coming from the HD. This noise will drive me crazy and is not "Ultra Quiet" as noted in the description. I'm sending it back to Amazon for a refund
 What a disappointment that what I thought was a reputable company makes such an unreliable product.  After about a years time, my LaCie drive started clicking.  And then, no data.  It completely failed.  I too made the mistake of trusting this drive and didn't back it up.  I am sick about what I've lost.  I've emailed LaCie about the failure and have not received a reply.  Beware of LaCie external drives
 I had one of these a couple years ago. It worked very well for a few months. Then, all of a sudden, the left analog stick became non-responsive. It wouldn't work on any game I tried. After reading other reviews on the gamepad, I figured I just got one that was poorly made and that the analog stick problem I had was just one of those several ones that was bad. Since it was only $20, I just left it alone. Well...after going months without a gamepad, I decided to get another Logitech gamepad, the same one I had, and guess what. After literally ONE DAY, the right analog stick stuck and is completely unresponsive. So, as far as I'm concerned...they're all terrible controllers. PERIOD
 I own a Sony DSC-S40. I had lost my Sony Memory Stick so I thought I'd try this one. I purchased it the end of June and almost every time I take a video and try to veiw it, it will play and at any point durring a video it will stop and say file error. This also causes a problem while I download them onto my pc. Only once had it done this on a picture and I ended up having to delete the picture because it wouldn't download. Sometimes it just don't pay to save money. I will never purchase this kind of Memory Stick again.
 ANTonline sent me the wrong item and then wanted nothing to do with me when I went to exchange it. They have no phone number, so they email everything. It takes them a day to get back to you and they always have an air about them as if you are bothering them for thier mistake. After days of persistance and me being as rude to them as they were to me, they agreed to take the product back, but I had to eat the first shipping charge, pay to ship it back to them and pay a 20% restocking fee (for thier error!!) The item was only like $10, so by the time I would have paid the shipping and restock fees, I would be in the whole, so I decided to just tell them to go F@#K themselves. I feel better now.
 From day one, back in late August 2006, I've had problems with this router--which I bought only because my ISP wouldn't install an extra cable outlet in my apartment without written permission from my new landlord. Since I work from home, this wasn't an option at the time. I'm not a tech guy, I don't care much for gadgets, but I'm not stupid either, and I couldn't even get this thing set up without calling support due to lack of documentation and the assumption that everyone buying this router uses some version of Windows--I don't, I have an iMac. Once set up, the router worked fine for about a month, and then I started experiencing connectivity issues. I called support again and they figured out some issue with 'mac cloning' or some such, reset my static IP, and all was well for another week, when the same issue--losing connection with the router after 10-20 minutes online--arose again. So I called support AGAIN, got a guy after 7 minutes, but he directed me to their website to download a firmware update, and then basically hung up on me. Unacceptable. So I called back, sat on hold for 40+ minutes before being disconnected without ever speaking to anyone. Finally, after a third try, I got someone on the line and he got me to the firmware and helped me install it via their web interface, only for me to experience the same connectivity problem the very next day. My ISP is coming Tuesday to install another outlet. No documentation. The install CD is configured for Windows and wouldn't work in Mac OS X. Online help sucks. The 800 support line sucks. This product sucks. Do not buy it
 I purchased this router (not from Amazon) about 6 months ago when my 5-year-old, very reliable, router died. I purchased it locally and someone came out and installed it.  I have had numerous problems with this router since then.  It does not stay connected and there is actually no option for "always on."  After having some other problems, I took it back and the vendor upgraded the firmware.  After that, it lost the setup information twice and the info had to be re-entered.  Then today, after being instructed to reset the router, it got stuck in a mode where it only wanted a firmware upgrade (there was no apparent way out of this).  So, I obtained the upgrade and according to the router message, it was updated successfully.  After that, I could not get the router to work at all.  I gave up and ordered an entirely different router (the same brand that I has used before with tremendous success).  My summary - save yourself time and aggravation and don't buy the Linksys WRT54G
 Ordered for my HP4705. This is not a bluetooth keyboard. they sent two of them both the same non-bluetooth item. Now I have to send back and hope I get credit
