 I'm not sure why Sony, which now owns I Dream of Jeannie, decided to colorize the first season of this series.  Whatever the reason, you can readily tell by looking at the prices here on Amazon.com that the original black-and-white version of the first season is worth a lot more.  The reason for that is simple--I Dream of Jeannie was originally broadcast in black-and-white.  And for a television fan like myself, that's the ONLY way to watch the first season.I'm not sure why Sony, which now owns I Dream of Jeannie, decided to colorize the first season of this series.  Whatever the reason, you can readily tell by looking at the prices here on Amazon.com that the original black-and-white version of the first season is worth a lot more.  The reason for that is simple--I Dream of Jeannie was originally broadcast in black-and-white.  And for a television fan like myself, that's the ONLY way to watch the first season.The episodes themselves are just as I remember seeing them.  Since I wasn't around in 1965, I'm pretty sure I've never seen these without the cuts that have been referenced here.  But to me, they're still pretty good.  The theme music, in my opinion, is every bit as good as the second theme, introduced when Jeannie went to color in 1966.  The episodes themselves are just as I remember seeing them.  Since I wasn't around in 1965, I'm pretty sure I've never seen these without the cuts that have been referenced here.  But to me, they're still pretty good.  The theme music, in my opinion, is every bit as good as the second theme, introduced when Jeannie went to color in 1966.  The one thing that truly will drive the purists nuts is the fact that Sony stripped off the old Screen Gems animation from the end of every episode.  That logo was attached to so many classic shows from the 1960s and 1970s, and it is consistenly rated, along with Viacom's old blue V of Doom, as the scariest logo in the history of television.  The new Sony outro doesn't pack the same punch.The one thing that truly will drive the purists nuts is the fact that Sony stripped off the old Screen Gems animation from the end of every episode.  That logo was attached to so many classic shows from the 1960s and 1970s, and it is consistenly rated, along with Viacom's old blue V of Doom, as the scariest logo in the history of television.  The new Sony outro doesn't pack the same punch.Still, if you liked Jeannie way back when, you'll love it now, especially since you can watch it anytime you like, without commercial interruption
 If you don't own this dvd you need to add it to your collection. In my opinion it is the best american animated film ever released
 Denzel Washington is great but Angelina Jolie he is even better. The movie itself is pretty scary, to tell you the truth it's not pleasant. There are some parts you don't really need to see. The plot of the movie is interesting and keeps you wondering what is gonna happen next. I recommend watching it with somebody, cause it's not pretty. But it's a good movie.Denzel Washington is great but Angelina Jolie he is even better. The movie itself is pretty scary, to tell you the truth it's not pleasant. There are some parts you don't really need to see. The plot of the movie is interesting and keeps you wondering what is gonna happen next. I recommend watching it with somebody, cause it's not pretty. But it's a good movie.
 I rediscovered this after a long time. This is a great series.I had never seen this in its entirety and look forward to seeing the third and fourth which I understand is not out yet.Its a gem, love the storyline and costumes.,so authentic looking and of the period,even the dialogue.I wish there were more of this genre
 I bought this movie for my coming of age daughter to watch with me.  I enjoyed it so much in high school and was not surprised that she did also. Times and styles may have changed, but I believe that teens still go through needing the sense of belonging as these teens in the movie did. Simple, but great movie.  My only regret is that it wasn't close captioned
 R.J. The Raccoon (Bruce Willis) was just looking for something to eat as he stumbles into his bear friend's (Nick Nolte) cave and accidently destroys his food, he has an entire week to find almost every scrap of food for him or else he dies. He finds a family of animals (Gary Shandling, William Shatner, Wanda Sykes, Steve Carrell, Eugene Levy, Catherine O'Hara, Avril Lavigne) and uses them for his scheme to go over the large hedge near their territory to the suburbs where they steal food from the humans. Later on, the home-owner Gladys (Allison Janey) hires professional exterminator Dwayne (Thomas Hayden Church) to kill them but can RJ save his own life or his new friends's?R.J. The Raccoon (Bruce Willis) was just looking for something to eat as he stumbles into his bear friend's (Nick Nolte) cave and accidently destroys his food, he has an entire week to find almost every scrap of food for him or else he dies. He finds a family of animals (Gary Shandling, William Shatner, Wanda Sykes, Steve Carrell, Eugene Levy, Catherine O'Hara, Avril Lavigne) and uses them for his scheme to go over the large hedge near their territory to the suburbs where they steal food from the humans. Later on, the home-owner Gladys (Allison Janey) hires professional exterminator Dwayne (Thomas Hayden Church) to kill them but can RJ save his own life or his new friends's?Extremely entertaining and fantastic CGI animated comedy from the makers of "Shrek 1 & 2", "Antz" and "Madagscar" Dreamworks provides great realistic CGI and laughs for everybody. There's also heart in this movie and shows the meaning of what it is like to have friends and be one's true self instead of being selfish! Steve Carrell's character Hammy the Squirrel steals the show here as the best character in the movie, it's a wonderful and hilarious movie that can be enjoyed by both kids and adults.Extremely entertaining and fantastic CGI animated comedy from the makers of "Shrek 1 & 2", "Antz" and "Madagscar" Dreamworks provides great realistic CGI and laughs for everybody. There's also heart in this movie and shows the meaning of what it is like to have friends and be one's true self instead of being selfish! Steve Carrell's character Hammy the Squirrel steals the show here as the best character in the movie, it's a wonderful and hilarious movie that can be enjoyed by both kids and adults.This DVD has some good extras like two sneek previews to "Shrek 3" and "Bee-Movie", audio commentary, behind-the-scenes featurette, VerneTech commercial, games, meet the cast featurette and gallery.This DVD has some good extras like two sneek previews to "Shrek 3" and "Bee-Movie", audio commentary, behind-the-scenes featurette, VerneTech commercial, games, meet the cast featurette and gallery.Highly recommended! the best Dreamworks animated movie since "Shrek 1 & 2"
 9 to 5 was the first film to address the glass ceiling.  It takes a look at the workplace from a woman's view.9 to 5 was the first film to address the glass ceiling.  It takes a look at the workplace from a woman's view.We first meet Violet (Lily Tomlin) who has been working for Consolidated Companies for 12 years and has been overlooked for most of them.  She trained her current boss and has the bruises to prove it.  Judy (Jane Fonda) is the new girl in the office.  She is a divorcee (he left her for his secretary) and has never worked for a living.  Rounding out the heroines is Doralee (Dolly Parton in the film debut). She is the personal secretary of Franklin Hart (Dabney Coleman) and everyone thinks she is "banging the boss".We first meet Violet (Lily Tomlin) who has been working for Consolidated Companies for 12 years and has been overlooked for most of them.  She trained her current boss and has the bruises to prove it.  Judy (Jane Fonda) is the new girl in the office.  She is a divorcee (he left her for his secretary) and has never worked for a living.  Rounding out the heroines is Doralee (Dolly Parton in the film debut). She is the personal secretary of Franklin Hart (Dabney Coleman) and everyone thinks she is "banging the boss".But the fun starts when Violet is passed over for a promotion to a man she helped train.  She then blurts out that Hart has been spreading rumors that he's been having an affair with Doralee.  And an employee is fired for a small infraction. This sends the three women to the local bar to drown their sorrows and they bond.But the fun starts when Violet is passed over for a promotion to a man she helped train.  She then blurts out that Hart has been spreading rumors that he's been having an affair with Doralee.  And an employee is fired for a small infraction. This sends the three women to the local bar to drown their sorrows and they bond.Each comes up with their fantasy way of killing the boss.  Judy is a big game hunter with Hart as the prey.  Doralee plays role reversal and Hart ends up on a rotisserie spit.  But Violet wants it to be like a fairy tale where she is Snow White and the wicked witch and poisons Hart.  Each comes up with their fantasy way of killing the boss.  Judy is a big game hunter with Hart as the prey.  Doralee plays role reversal and Hart ends up on a rotisserie spit.  But Violet wants it to be like a fairy tale where she is Snow White and the wicked witch and poisons Hart.  The next day, Violet accidentally poisons Hart's coffee.  When falls out of his chair and is knock unconscious, Violet thinks she killed him.  This leads to an all out comedy chase with Violet steals the wrong corpse.The next day, Violet accidentally poisons Hart's coffee.  When falls out of his chair and is knock unconscious, Violet thinks she killed him.  This leads to an all out comedy chase with Violet steals the wrong corpse.The next day to the ladies surprise, Hart shows up.  The ladies regroup in the restroom but Roz overhears them and reports it to Hart.  Hart confronts the ladies but they wind up kidnapping him to find some incriminating evidence.  The find something but it is going to take some time to get the evidence.  Over the next six weeks the ladies run the office in Hart's absence.  Hart escapes but the ladies changes have brought notice and Hart is not above taking someone else's glory.The next day to the ladies surprise, Hart shows up.  The ladies regroup in the restroom but Roz overhears them and reports it to Hart.  Hart confronts the ladies but they wind up kidnapping him to find some incriminating evidence.  The find something but it is going to take some time to get the evidence.  Over the next six weeks the ladies run the office in Hart's absence.  Hart escapes but the ladies changes have brought notice and Hart is not above taking someone else's glory.The subject matter here is very serious.  So to do it as a comedy is very daring and it works perfectly.  This is a film that many people identify with.  Everyone has had a boss or a teacher that oppressed them.  And this film is what we all would like to do to these oppressors.   You will laugh until it hurts.The subject matter here is very serious.  So to do it as a comedy is very daring and it works perfectly.  This is a film that many people identify with.  Everyone has had a boss or a teacher that oppressed them.  And this film is what we all would like to do to these oppressors.   You will laugh until it hurts.DVD EXTRAS:Commentary by producer Bruce Gilbert and stars Lily, Jane and DollyCommentary by producer Bruce Gilbert and stars Lily, Jane and Dolly9 to 5 @ 25 - a 25 minute featurette with interviews with Gilbert, writer director Colin Higgins and stars Lily. Jane, Dolly and Dabney Coleman.9 to 5 @ 25 - a 25 minute featurette with interviews with Gilbert, writer director Colin Higgins and stars Lily. Jane, Dolly and Dabney Coleman.Deleted Scenes - 10 mostly expanded scenes or alternate takes.  The problem is without some kind of commentary we do not know why the scene was cut.
 I wanted to do a grad school paper on something I was interested in researching and I picked Hip-Hop. After working for an underground Hip-Hop magazine, I'd already familiarized myself with a lot of information that I was too young to understand (being born in '81).  I visited the University of Hip-Hop in Chicago, interviewed underground artists, and went to breaking shows in the Illinois area.  Although I thought I was very familiar with Hip-Hop, after working with this magazine, I realized I knew NOTHING.I wanted to do a grad school paper on something I was interested in researching and I picked Hip-Hop. After working for an underground Hip-Hop magazine, I'd already familiarized myself with a lot of information that I was too young to understand (being born in '81).  I visited the University of Hip-Hop in Chicago, interviewed underground artists, and went to breaking shows in the Illinois area.  Although I thought I was very familiar with Hip-Hop, after working with this magazine, I realized I knew NOTHING.So when I was given the chance to do my research paper, I knew that I would be able to learn even more than I already knew from working for the magazine.  I watched the three parts of "Beef" first and saw an ad for this movie in the Extras section.  Honestly, the first thing that caught my eye was how gorgeous Mr. Wiggles was...but then after fully watching the preview, I realized this was the PERFECT movie for me to find out more about breaking.  So when I was given the chance to do my research paper, I knew that I would be able to learn even more than I already knew from working for the magazine.  I watched the three parts of "Beef" first and saw an ad for this movie in the Extras section.  Honestly, the first thing that caught my eye was how gorgeous Mr. Wiggles was...but then after fully watching the preview, I realized this was the PERFECT movie for me to find out more about breaking.  This movie documented the founding members, discussed the four elements of Hip-Hop, gave a lot of background information on Kool Herc and Grandmaster Flash, talked about the different techniques in breaking, the label "breakdancing," the media's dilution of breaking, the first movies that breaking was showcased in, new breaking groups...just a bunch of "firsts."  It was a great reference for my paper, I enjoyed watching it, and I could watch it over and over again.  I have a lot of respect for the founders because without them, headz wouldn't have this beautiful culture to express ourselves physically, mentally, and verbally
 Honestly, I wasn't certain about this film, in fact, at first I actually believed it was related to "Chocolate."   I was terribly wrong yet most pleasantly surprised.  Upon first viewing, I did not laugh as much as the second time.  Yes, I tend to watch a film twice for I know we miss much the first time with our opinions and own theories.  I can be more relaxed and open minded the second time.  Second viewing was a belly full of laughter.Honestly, I wasn't certain about this film, in fact, at first I actually believed it was related to "Chocolate."   I was terribly wrong yet most pleasantly surprised.  Upon first viewing, I did not laugh as much as the second time.  Yes, I tend to watch a film twice for I know we miss much the first time with our opinions and own theories.  I can be more relaxed and open minded the second time.  Second viewing was a belly full of laughter.This is the best lesbian comedy I have ever seen.  The acting was wonderful and the film was fast paced.  Now that I decided that this film is exceptional, it was time to put it to the test on others (mostly women 20's - 80's years, some men.)  Each person I shared this film with, either loaning it or viewing it together, all responded similarly: "This is a hysterically funny film."  This is the best lesbian comedy I have ever seen.  The acting was wonderful and the film was fast paced.  Now that I decided that this film is exceptional, it was time to put it to the test on others (mostly women 20's - 80's years, some men.)  Each person I shared this film with, either loaning it or viewing it together, all responded similarly: "This is a hysterically funny film."  What is even more amazing is the brief allotted time the director accomplished in completing the filming process - about twenty-two days. Congratulations, sometimes a tight budget can produce a true work of art.  Many short films I have seen on the "Spiritual Cinema Circle" also have numerous low budget wonderful productions.  Hoorah for the film art genius.What is even more amazing is the brief allotted time the director accomplished in completing the filming process - about twenty-two days. Congratulations, sometimes a tight budget can produce a true work of art.  Many short films I have seen on the "Spiritual Cinema Circle" also have numerous low budget wonderful productions.  Hoorah for the film art genius.I applaud the entire talented cast and crew, especially actress, Christine Cox, her performance was exceptionally wonderful.  I would like to see her in more comedies...she's a natural.  I fell "in love with her" and I am straight gal, as are all of the actresses except for Frances.I applaud the entire talented cast and crew, especially actress, Christine Cox, her performance was exceptionally wonderful.  I would like to see her in more comedies...she's a natural.  I fell "in love with her" and I am straight gal, as are all of the actresses except for Frances.A must see funny film.  I always wondered why the comedy male gay films always had that edge of humor when the lesbian films appeared more serious.  We need more films that are as pleasurable and diversified as "Better Than Chocolate".  Thanks bunches.
 If you like action, shooting, explosions, fire, pain, torture and revenge, this is a movie you'll love.  And, it stars one of the best actors in the world who is completely believeable in this role.  A great storyline with intriguing twists plus situations and settings that are very close to reality. 
 he kept it real thats all i can say. aw yeah those people talkin bout its too much cussin. what u expect im from the hood and every other word i say is a cuss word. i just cant help it. everybody in the hood cusses. but anyways..
 Frankly, the idea of a Secret Service Agent having an affair with the President's wife is way out there in the first place. (Michael Douglas not withstanding).  If you like Keefer Sutherland (as in TV's 24) you will probably like this movie (his name could have been Jack Bower in  this flick too.  I thought it had good action, writing, acting and directing.  I would not mind seeing Keefer and Michael teamed up again on the same side.  I bought the dvd, but then again I collect movies for the actors.
 i saw this show on PBS and was so enthralled with it that i just had to order it.  the performances are priceless from folks who have passed on.  i don't know of any other way to be able to see Yul Brynner's commanding King and I performance.  Loved it
 I had been aware that once there was a show called "Mr. Show", starring Bob and David, and that it had been on HBO. But I had never been compelled to buy any of their DVDs until this weekend, when the power of Satan...um, compelled me to pick up the first two seasons. All I gotta say is: Praise Satan for leading me to this glory!I had been aware that once there was a show called "Mr. Show", starring Bob and David, and that it had been on HBO. But I had never been compelled to buy any of their DVDs until this weekend, when the power of Satan...um, compelled me to pick up the first two seasons. All I gotta say is: Praise Satan for leading me to this glory!The first season, comprised of four episodes, is fantastic, with flashes of brilliance on "The Gay Porno Video", but it's the second season that really will make you a fan. Such oddities as F.F. Woodycooks, Only The British Can Fly, Child-Labor Comedy Writers, the Iguana, and Jeepers Creepers: Semi-Star unleash the funny like you'd never believe.The first season, comprised of four episodes, is fantastic, with flashes of brilliance on "The Gay Porno Video", but it's the second season that really will make you a fan. Such oddities as F.F. Woodycooks, Only The British Can Fly, Child-Labor Comedy Writers, the Iguana, and Jeepers Creepers: Semi-Star unleash the funny like you'd never believe.Mr. Show proves that there is a market for intelligent, hilarious sketch comedy...on cable, or in the case of KITH and Monty Python, imported from other countries. But Mr. Show is homegrown, it's comedy at a breakneck speed, and there's never a dull moment in either season. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll learn how to fight crime with a "crime stick" and ice cream, and enjoy tofu-based products while your business goes to hell...led by a red balloon. Mr. Show proves that there is a market for intelligent, hilarious sketch comedy...on cable, or in the case of KITH and Monty Python, imported from other countries. But Mr. Show is homegrown, it's comedy at a breakneck speed, and there's never a dull moment in either season. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll learn how to fight crime with a "crime stick" and ice cream, and enjoy tofu-based products while your business goes to hell...led by a red balloon. "The security guard and I shared something in common...Me!
 This comedy volume is absolutely great.  While I'm a fan of the series, I thought this volume was more cutting edge than the next.  Definately don't watch Season 3 before seeing these seasons, because this is intellectual comedy that builds on previous episodes to some degree.  It doesn't move as fast as some comedy out there, but it all fits together better than most of what is on TV today
 I have loved this movie ever since I saw it on television and watch it whenever it is on (it's been some time now) and I plan to buy it.  Waterston has never been better as the understanding and loving father.  I didn't realize when I first saw it that Reese Witherspoon was the daughter (that was before Reese Witherspoon became Reese Witherspoon).  A heartbreaking, beautifully acted and must-see film.  Rings true to life.  They certainly don't make movies like this anymore, and it's a shame
 Some classic episodes indeed.  All In The Family broke new ground in television sitcoms.  The world ws changing and liberalism was making its presence in many households.  Archie Bunker's old fashioned values were being challenged.  It is certainly a bit scary how prejudiced Archie Bunker's views were.  Organizing petitions against minorities moving into his neigborhood?  Not willing to donate blood for the fear it will save someone of a different race or religion? Quite a shock to the system especially when its seen today where society is very sensitive to what you can say because it might offend someone.Some classic episodes indeed.  All In The Family broke new ground in television sitcoms.  The world ws changing and liberalism was making its presence in many households.  Archie Bunker's old fashioned values were being challenged.  It is certainly a bit scary how prejudiced Archie Bunker's views were.  Organizing petitions against minorities moving into his neigborhood?  Not willing to donate blood for the fear it will save someone of a different race or religion? Quite a shock to the system especially when its seen today where society is very sensitive to what you can say because it might offend someone.Certainly a great show that makes you think about differing points of view and how we have evolved since the 1970's.  Carol O'Connor, Jean Stapelton, Sally Struthers, and Rob Reiner portray a slice of pie in ever changing times.  All In The Family spawned off may other great shows such as The Jeffersons, Maude, and indirectly Good Times.  This first season was certainly a reverred one.  Just look at it with an open mind
 Great movie, great actors for such a sad part of the U.S. history ! It is great to see in this movie some men who really existed (especially "Stonewall" Jackson). We don't know if the personalities showed into the movie were really like this or if it is a pure fiction, but at the end of the day it's not very important, because the historical interest is preserved 
 ..without jessica alba.let's imagine the same film as "the deep" with jacqueline Bisset...a real sexy looking woman not a " teenager chica lookalike"with very poor acting..It seems the same director had a better choice in "blue crush".The rest is absolutly great and represents a great moment of adventures.buy i
 I grabbed this flick from the shelf on a very wet and miserable day at my local Target....  craving the Summer sun and needing an island vacation....  I grabbed this flick from the shelf on a very wet and miserable day at my local Target....  craving the Summer sun and needing an island vacation....  The cover appealled to me for these reasons and I admit I was not at all disappointed in the movie.  The scenery was indeed spectacular.  The underwater diving/snorkling scenes were clear, crisp, and just what the doctor ordered.  Even the sharks and rays made it all quite beautiful.The cover appealled to me for these reasons and I admit I was not at all disappointed in the movie.  The scenery was indeed spectacular.  The underwater diving/snorkling scenes were clear, crisp, and just what the doctor ordered.  Even the sharks and rays made it all quite beautiful.OK, enough of the shallow stuff....  the movie was indeed much like the 70's flick "The Deep" which I enjoyed back then as well.  The characters of Jared and Sam were pretty believable - poor, honest, and happy folks (most of us would love to really be this happy - let's face it!) The introduction of Bryce (played by Scott Caan) really created an interesting balance of characters and how each reacted to the many dangers, twists, etc.  OK, enough of the shallow stuff....  the movie was indeed much like the 70's flick "The Deep" which I enjoyed back then as well.  The characters of Jared and Sam were pretty believable - poor, honest, and happy folks (most of us would love to really be this happy - let's face it!) The introduction of Bryce (played by Scott Caan) really created an interesting balance of characters and how each reacted to the many dangers, twists, etc.  Overall, the bikinis and the buff guys added to the adventure many of us would love to have in our generally boring lives.  Would I want to deal with Tiger Sharks?  No, but a little excitement would beat the heck out of my boring 9-5 job every day.   Overall, the bikinis and the buff guys added to the adventure many of us would love to have in our generally boring lives.  Would I want to deal with Tiger Sharks?  No, but a little excitement would beat the heck out of my boring 9-5 job every day.   
 see thisit will shock youmove youthrill youexcite youchill youfreak you outit's one amazing, strange movieit really takes a while to understand it at timesbut it has many valuable lessons one can learnWitherspoons performance is shattering and remarkable among other things. a great movie. will be seen more times then I can count the next times I play it in my playe
 I liked this work out. It is very easy to follow. The instructor, who is very likable, gives good instructions.  She gives each dance move a "fun" name, so it is easy to remember. I do this work-out when I want to work-out, but do not have as much energy as usual or I will do it as a warm-up to another work-out. It always puts me in a good mood. I liked that it contains a good warm up and an isolation section. If you are looking for a hard-core dance fitness work-out that leaves you grasping for air as you are drenched in sweat, this is not for you. If you are looking for a fun, easy work-out, then this is for you
 My 2 year old loves watching the DVD as well as listening to the CD in the car.  I have to admit that I have memorized all of the songs on the CD and the dances on the DVD too...they are very catchy and I find myself singing them to myself when my daughter is not even around!  The lyrics are really cute and the beats are great.  Simple music but very creative.  I signed up for updates on Laurie Berkner's website so I can find out when/if she ever comes to town so my daughter (and I, of course) can go see her.  She is a great alternative to Barney and all of the other commercial characters, who I don't care much for.  I have bought this DVD/CD combo for all of my friends who have kids
 Good introduction to Qigong.  Mirror image instruction would have been helpful for some of the more complex moves and even some moves with back to the camera would have been helpful.  Overall relaxing and precise. 
 I loved the first and second season and was looking forward to season 3.  WHERE IS IT?  I hope that it is released soon.  It seems unfair to release two seasons and hold back on the ending!  A little unfair to the consumer don't you think!  It is my understanding that 3 seasons is all there is.  Is that correct
 Ohhhh! I caught this movie on regular TV and even with commercials it was good.  I bought it so I would get the whole movie.  I have watched it a couple times myself and also a couple more times with friends or family.  A really amazing and edge of your seat movie and the ending will totally shock you!
 This is definitely the best new anime series on the shelves.  The storyline is great, but this should have been the last DVD.  Things are getting noticeably dragged out at this point and what really steams me is getting only 3 episodes on this disc after paying over $20.  That's bogus.  DVDs can fit way more episodes on a single disc, and it's a rip off the way anime is being marketed lately.  The Cowboy Bebop series had 5 episodes per disc at the start, then dropped down to 4.  Now it's just getting worse.  At this point I'm starting to regret buying the Stand Alone Complex series instead of renting it.  I am going to buy volume 7 to see how things turn out, though.  Throughout the series I think disc 4 was my favorite
 of course i enjoy this movie, i ordered it after so many years of searching for it... i love salsa music and the dancing..
 JULIE JOHNSON is a quiet little film that deals with the frustrations facing a New Jersey housewife and mother who married and birthed before she graduated high school and finds herself in a rigid relationship, longing for knowledge to change things.  She considers herself stupid, sneaks Science magazines to read when her overbearing husband isn't around, and finally gathers the courage (while staring at the stars one night) to change her plight.  She takes a computer course, passes her GED and with the constant support of her dearest girlfriend gathers the courage to get out of the stifling marriage with her husband and study to improve her lot in life.  Along the way she discovers other secrets about herself, buried in the facade of a life she has led.  She changes, relates to the world in a different way, and refuses to settle for returning to 'the old life' when her husband returns promising her change.  Her relationship with her girlfriend proceeds to intimate levels, but in the end this friendship cannot last, as her girlfriend doesn't have the same goals.JULIE JOHNSON is a quiet little film that deals with the frustrations facing a New Jersey housewife and mother who married and birthed before she graduated high school and finds herself in a rigid relationship, longing for knowledge to change things.  She considers herself stupid, sneaks Science magazines to read when her overbearing husband isn't around, and finally gathers the courage (while staring at the stars one night) to change her plight.  She takes a computer course, passes her GED and with the constant support of her dearest girlfriend gathers the courage to get out of the stifling marriage with her husband and study to improve her lot in life.  Along the way she discovers other secrets about herself, buried in the facade of a life she has led.  She changes, relates to the world in a different way, and refuses to settle for returning to 'the old life' when her husband returns promising her change.  Her relationship with her girlfriend proceeds to intimate levels, but in the end this friendship cannot last, as her girlfriend doesn't have the same goals.The story is simple, but in the hands of the writers Wendy Hammond and Bob Gosse and with Gosse's fine direction, the entire cast gives us an ensemble of disparate characters in whom we can all believe.  Lili Taylor plays the lead with extraordinary skill and as her girlfriend Courtney Love gives a bravura performance.  The remainder of the cast (Spalding Gray, Noah Emmerich, Gideon Jacobs, Mischa Barton, et al) is likewise strong.  But it is Taylor's film and she offers one of her most poignant performances of her career.  A thoughtful, sensitive, engrossing film.  Grady Harp, September 0
 If you sort of like Edwin McCain, get this DVD, watch him live, and you will fall in love. He has such passion for his music that can only be seen, and felt during live performances. His amazing voice, is just as amazing live, and he and his band, can JAM!! The energy is high, and its a great time!I had the priviledge of meeting him, and blubbered like an idiot, but he is just as cool a guy as he seems. He really appreciates his fan base, and understands how important it is for us to see him live. Im glad that finally, I can share with my friends who have never see Edwin live, what an amazing artist he really is!!!!
 The much-celebrated fourth season of NBC's long-running medical drama, ER, is the recipient of two 1997-1998 Emmy awards, three 1997-1998 Screen Actors Guild awards, and one 1997-1998 Golden Globe award. The much-celebrated fourth season of NBC's long-running medical drama, ER, is the recipient of two 1997-1998 Emmy awards, three 1997-1998 Screen Actors Guild awards, and one 1997-1998 Golden Globe award. Fans of the show will be treated to roughly 16 hours chock full of trauma intertwined with personal and professional relationship trials between the doctors, nurses, support staff, and patients. The unrated six-disc set includes 22 episodes, Spanish and French language subtitles, and numerous special features including outpatient outtakes, a "Cutups" gag reel, "Anatomy of an Ambush", and the "Ambush live post-show". Outpatient outtakes allow viewers to watch deleted scenes straight from the cutting room floor, while the "Ambush" special features include analysis and discussion of the live episode as well as the subsequent celebration among the cast and crew.Fans of the show will be treated to roughly 16 hours chock full of trauma intertwined with personal and professional relationship trials between the doctors, nurses, support staff, and patients. The unrated six-disc set includes 22 episodes, Spanish and French language subtitles, and numerous special features including outpatient outtakes, a "Cutups" gag reel, "Anatomy of an Ambush", and the "Ambush live post-show". Outpatient outtakes allow viewers to watch deleted scenes straight from the cutting room floor, while the "Ambush" special features include analysis and discussion of the live episode as well as the subsequent celebration among the cast and crew.The fourth season is ripe with talented and beautiful actors - some of the most adored cast members in ER history. The primary cast includes returning favorites George Clooney (Dr. Doug Ross), Anthony Edwards (Dr. Mark Greene), Noah Wyle (Dr. John Carter), Julianna Margulies (Nurse Carol Hathaway), Gloria Reuben (P.A. Jeanie Boulet), Eriq LaSalle (Dr. Peter Benton), Laura Innes (Dr. Kerry Weaver), and Maria Bello (Dr. Anna Del Amico). Also returning are Paul McCrane (Dr. Romano), William H. Macy (Dr. Morgenstern), and John Aylward (Dr. Anspaugh). The fourth season is ripe with talented and beautiful actors - some of the most adored cast members in ER history. The primary cast includes returning favorites George Clooney (Dr. Doug Ross), Anthony Edwards (Dr. Mark Greene), Noah Wyle (Dr. John Carter), Julianna Margulies (Nurse Carol Hathaway), Gloria Reuben (P.A. Jeanie Boulet), Eriq LaSalle (Dr. Peter Benton), Laura Innes (Dr. Kerry Weaver), and Maria Bello (Dr. Anna Del Amico). Also returning are Paul McCrane (Dr. Romano), William H. Macy (Dr. Morgenstern), and John Aylward (Dr. Anspaugh). New stars to the ER this season include Alex Kingston (Dr. Corday), Mariska Hargitay (Cynthia Hooper), and Yvette Freeman (Nurse Adams). Recurring and special guest stars include Lisa Nicole Carson, Telma Hopkins, Dan Hedaya, CCH Pounder, Chad Lowe, Jorja Fox, Alan Alda, Harold Perrineau Jr.New stars to the ER this season include Alex Kingston (Dr. Corday), Mariska Hargitay (Cynthia Hooper), and Yvette Freeman (Nurse Adams). Recurring and special guest stars include Lisa Nicole Carson, Telma Hopkins, Dan Hedaya, CCH Pounder, Chad Lowe, Jorja Fox, Alan Alda, Harold Perrineau Jr.This season also plays host to intense storylines, and, of course, emergencies. The DVD set begins with the legendary "Ambush" episode-ER's live season opener. Additional ighlights of the season include:Dr. Greene dealing with the aftereffects of his mugging, his estranged family, and his wavering feelings for Hooper;Dr. Ross losing his father, and potentially his fianc and career;Physician Assistant Boulet dealing with HIV and the stigma associated with it;Benton's relationships with his newborn son, his girlfriend Carla, and his budding relationship with Dr. Corday;The negative impact Synergix (an ER management firm) has on the lives of the staff;Carter trying to cope with his drug addicted cousin and personal issues with the remainder of his family;And much more!And much more!The fourth season ER DVD is a must have for die hard ER fans, as well as for anyone who just loves a well-written, well-established drama.
 A very successful comedy. Highly recommendable. Players are magnificent.Especially the final scene involving Kevin Cline's dancing act is unforgettable. Enables people to overcome deeply rooted prejudices aboutsexual practice.Sociological context significant.Leaves fine trails in spectators' brains
 I quite enjoyed watching this film, which is why I give it four stars, even though I think there are some things about it that are seriously problematic. So, why did I like it? Joan Cusack, Matt Dillon, Kevin Kline (in that order) and also a passably funny script -- at least one that is well structured for a feel-good viewing experience.I quite enjoyed watching this film, which is why I give it four stars, even though I think there are some things about it that are seriously problematic. So, why did I like it? Joan Cusack, Matt Dillon, Kevin Kline (in that order) and also a passably funny script -- at least one that is well structured for a feel-good viewing experience.Joan Cusack is wonderful here. Her blow-up at her wayward fiance after he stands her up  is fantastic, and the scene where she stumbles from a bar out into the street, screaming "Is this the Twilight Zone?" at which point she collapses on the hood of Matt Dillon's car (in her wedding dress no less) -- well, that scene is adorable, especially considering that it ends with some truly touching readings of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet -- a play that itself explores competing definitions of masculinity. Yes, here is the heart of the film (so I cannot comprehend another viewer's criticism that the bride is given nothing in this film; she's obviously going to marry the movie star, and get to eat cheetos into the bargain). Matt Dillon is, as ever, the essence of cuteness, and a much more desirable husband than Kevin -- um, I mean Howard.Joan Cusack is wonderful here. Her blow-up at her wayward fiance after he stands her up  is fantastic, and the scene where she stumbles from a bar out into the street, screaming "Is this the Twilight Zone?" at which point she collapses on the hood of Matt Dillon's car (in her wedding dress no less) -- well, that scene is adorable, especially considering that it ends with some truly touching readings of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet -- a play that itself explores competing definitions of masculinity. Yes, here is the heart of the film (so I cannot comprehend another viewer's criticism that the bride is given nothing in this film; she's obviously going to marry the movie star, and get to eat cheetos into the bargain). Matt Dillon is, as ever, the essence of cuteness, and a much more desirable husband than Kevin -- um, I mean Howard.Kevin Kline does a decent job of mimicking Howard, a repressed gay man. But it still feels like mimicking, rather than acting. Here is also where the problems begin. I guess wearing a bow-tie means you are gay. And, similarly, the Barbra Streisand gag is beaten to death (and beyond). How many times can the viewers tolerate being told that all gay men like Barbra??!! Come on! Also, Kline's attempt to appear gay simply by giving us a limp hand gesture . . . Not only is it not enough; it's really kind of humiliating.Kevin Kline does a decent job of mimicking Howard, a repressed gay man. But it still feels like mimicking, rather than acting. Here is also where the problems begin. I guess wearing a bow-tie means you are gay. And, similarly, the Barbra Streisand gag is beaten to death (and beyond). How many times can the viewers tolerate being told that all gay men like Barbra??!! Come on! Also, Kline's attempt to appear gay simply by giving us a limp hand gesture . . . Not only is it not enough; it's really kind of humiliating.Nonetheless, the final scene does give "Mr. Holland's Opus" a run for its money, and I can't deny it: I did really have fun watching this movie. It's basically a sound little production, well structured, reasonably well written, and Kevin Kline can dance
 I'm not big on anime, but watching one episode got me hooked.  The voices, the animation, the story, the characters and the music all blend so seamlessly that it is a joy to watch Samurai Champloo.I'm not big on anime, but watching one episode got me hooked.  The voices, the animation, the story, the characters and the music all blend so seamlessly that it is a joy to watch Samurai Champloo.Each and every episode just engrosses you deeper and deeper into the story line leaving you wanting for more. 
 If you are bored with Kurosawa's faithful decpition of historical Samurai (and who would be?), if you think the Samurai genre has been overused and outdated...then get ready for the hip-hop remix version of the age old genre: SAMURAI CHAMPLOO.  Directed by Shinichiro Watanabe, the man who brought us Cowboy Bebop and 2 shorts in Animatrix, with character design by Kazuto Nakazawa, Kill Bill vol. 1 fame, we are treated to a world that would have made the Wu-Tang Clan feel right at home.  The action is off the wall with the two main characters treating us to two styles of fighting that are the very antithesis to each other. One follows the strict laws of bushido while the other adheres to a style that can only be described as being the breakdance of sword play.  The music is all modern hip-hop, no moody asian flare here.If you are bored with Kurosawa's faithful decpition of historical Samurai (and who would be?), if you think the Samurai genre has been overused and outdated...then get ready for the hip-hop remix version of the age old genre: SAMURAI CHAMPLOO.  Directed by Shinichiro Watanabe, the man who brought us Cowboy Bebop and 2 shorts in Animatrix, with character design by Kazuto Nakazawa, Kill Bill vol. 1 fame, we are treated to a world that would have made the Wu-Tang Clan feel right at home.  The action is off the wall with the two main characters treating us to two styles of fighting that are the very antithesis to each other. One follows the strict laws of bushido while the other adheres to a style that can only be described as being the breakdance of sword play.  The music is all modern hip-hop, no moody asian flare here.The story is about the adventures of these two warriors as they escort a pessant girl across Japan in search of a samurai who's only distinquishing characteristic is that "he smells like sunflowers."  Lack of money, food, and patience is a recipe for disaster and wacky hi-jinks in this adventure-comedy.  Rated 16+ (the equivilent of R in the US) for bloody violence and language.  A must for any samurai genre fan
 I loved this play. Tyler Perry and his ability to make you laugh ( and cry ) is a blessing from God.You can watch this with everyone in your family.You can watch this with everyone in your family.
 "The Good Earth" must be considered a "milestone movie." As yet, there is no DVD  but one packed with out-takes about the making of this film would be especially welcome. There was no Oscar given for outstanding visual effects until 1939; otherwise, "The Good Earth" would have 'taken home' that award! "The Good Earth" must be considered a "milestone movie." As yet, there is no DVD  but one packed with out-takes about the making of this film would be especially welcome. There was no Oscar given for outstanding visual effects until 1939; otherwise, "The Good Earth" would have 'taken home' that award! The lovely Luise Ranier did  win "Best Actress" award. The 1937 movie was based on Pearl Buck's novel that won the Pulitzer Prize in 1932. Interest in "The Good Earth" was revived in Fall 2004 when it was selected for "Oprah's Book Club".   Perhaps women's rights advocates should also give it a boost?The lovely Luise Ranier did  win "Best Actress" award. The 1937 movie was based on Pearl Buck's novel that won the Pulitzer Prize in 1932. Interest in "The Good Earth" was revived in Fall 2004 when it was selected for "Oprah's Book Club".   Perhaps women's rights advocates should also give it a boost?The story is about China in the 1900s.  A simple farmer, Wang Lung, is 'given' (by his father) the slave O-Lan, for his bride.  I do not remember much from childhood about this film, but I definitely do not recall Paul Muni having such a mouthful of teeth! (special effecrs?!) Luise Ranier  had won an Oscar the previous year for her role in the "Ziegfield Follies" -- what a contrast!  Here she is the completely docile, loyal wife; as someone wrote, she was bound to her husband in "eternal servitude."  And her devotion was betrayed.  Partly through the machinations of "Uncle".  At every time of crisis in the story along comes (GROAN!) the crafty, manipulatve uncle (Walter Connolly) who whines & wheedles - - inserting humor (?) into the script and at the same time destroying family amity. The story is about China in the 1900s.  A simple farmer, Wang Lung, is 'given' (by his father) the slave O-Lan, for his bride.  I do not remember much from childhood about this film, but I definitely do not recall Paul Muni having such a mouthful of teeth! (special effecrs?!) Luise Ranier  had won an Oscar the previous year for her role in the "Ziegfield Follies" -- what a contrast!  Here she is the completely docile, loyal wife; as someone wrote, she was bound to her husband in "eternal servitude."  And her devotion was betrayed.  Partly through the machinations of "Uncle".  At every time of crisis in the story along comes (GROAN!) the crafty, manipulatve uncle (Walter Connolly) who whines & wheedles - - inserting humor (?) into the script and at the same time destroying family amity. From the Internet Movie Database are the prophetic words of former slave O-Lan:  "When I go back in that house, it will be with my son in my arms. I'll have a red coat on him... and red flower trousers... and a hat with a gilded Buddha and tiger-faced shoes, and I'll go into the kitchen where I spent my days as a slave and into the great hall where the old mistress sits with her pipe, and I'll show myself and my son to all of them."  (Smiles, contented)Wang Lung:  "Well... Now, I... I haven't heard you speak so many words since you came to this house." Wang Lung:  "Well... Now, I... I haven't heard you speak so many words since you came to this house." Isn't the photography impressive for having been shot nearly seventy years ago? I found the quality of framed camera shots surprising & the production of many scenes quite amazing.  READ  Susan Wong's  wonderfully perceptive review on amazon.com.Isn't the photography impressive for having been shot nearly seventy years ago? I found the quality of framed camera shots surprising & the production of many scenes quite amazing.  READ  Susan Wong's  wonderfully perceptive review on amazon.com.Today's movie-goers don't seem to care about "true life" documentation in films,  but animation couldn't convince as the 1930s true-life locusts do! That tired word "awesome" truly fits this vintage film:  the choking drought & famine, the beautiful  'condensed' story of harvesting when they must survive the fury of a storm,  and the terrifying  scenes of revolutionary uprisings.Today's movie-goers don't seem to care about "true life" documentation in films,  but animation couldn't convince as the 1930s true-life locusts do! That tired word "awesome" truly fits this vintage film:  the choking drought & famine, the beautiful  'condensed' story of harvesting when they must survive the fury of a storm,  and the terrifying  scenes of revolutionary uprisings.REVIEWER mcHAIKU  HAILS THIS FILM, and others that made an impact on my childhood!
 I've seen this movie on TV a few years ago, but it just wouldn't leave my mind, so I ordered the DVD.It's one of those movies you won't forget, because everyone of us has some kind of 'coach', as Mitchell calls it.Morrie is a great coach, and if you watch this movie, you will see why it is so heartbreaking. An old, wise man, a long lost friend, who teaches the last course in his life. At home. One student.A must have seen
 What a cast! Mark Wahlberg, Reese Witherspoon, William L. Petersen, Amy Brenneman and Alyssa Milano are all terrific in this taut thriller about an innocent girl (Witherspoon) and her seemingly perfect boyfriend (Wahlberg). Of course, the boyfriend is really a borderline psycho and a stalker. Wahlberg turns in a spectacular yet subtle performance. William Petersen (CSI) is outstanding as the Witherspoon's concerned father who has way too many issues himself. This film is a hidden gem. Buy it . . . you will not be disappointed
 Otto Preminger's EXODUS is a very well made film. This is a big film and director Preminger is a master at handling films of this scale. He is a master technician and he tells this story on that level rather than showing anything highly stylistic in nature. Well, that is Preminger's style, straighforward and technically proficient movie making.
 I got a kick out of one of the recent reviews that trashes this movie as unrealistic -- the kids are not doing what they need to do to get into college.  Good grief.  Since when is a musical ever realistic??  Especially one that is geared to kids.  Hello??!! It's not supposed to be realistic!  If you expect realism, go elsewhere.  But if you want to have some fun with a great message not-so-subtly woven in, then watch this movie.  Kids love it (mine do along with anyone else I've talked to), and the message is just terrific ~ it's okay to be yourself with all kinds of wild likes, dislikes, hobbies, etc., no matter what anyone else thinks.  I love it!  I can't even begin to say how much better this is than "Grease," the high school musical of my day where the heroine had to give in and become a slut to get what she wanted and be "happy."  Relax with your kids, go get some popcorn, and have some fun with the Wildcats kids from "Highschool Musical.
 My children (ages 6 and 11) absolutely love HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL. My son's drama club is preparing to perform it this spring, and he's very excited about trying out for a part. I enjoyed watching it as well. The musical is set in a fairy tale high school, but what musical isn't a fairy tale? Puppy love and teen rivalry ... all done in a family-friendly Disney way. Walt would have been proud
 Ouzon explores the feminine universe through the lives and times of 8 women around the sudden crime of the only man of the house. 8 women, every one of them with their affective lacks, their tribulations. Little miseries, sorrows and disillusions. Each one oft them is potentially suspicious of having murdered Marcel.Ouzon explores the feminine universe through the lives and times of 8 women around the sudden crime of the only man of the house. 8 women, every one of them with their affective lacks, their tribulations. Little miseries, sorrows and disillusions. Each one oft them is potentially suspicious of having murdered Marcel.The admirable photography and colossal arrangement of a beautiful stage, with a sublime red carpet that remind us Bergman in Cries and whispers plus the visible and well deserved homage top Alfred Hitchcock (Vertigo) expressed warmly in the last quarter of the film, plus the additional musical numbers make of this film an absolute and delicious feast to your senses.   The admirable photography and colossal arrangement of a beautiful stage, with a sublime red carpet that remind us Bergman in Cries and whispers plus the visible and well deserved homage top Alfred Hitchcock (Vertigo) expressed warmly in the last quarter of the film, plus the additional musical numbers make of this film an absolute and delicious feast to your senses.   A must-see!		
 This is, as most critics agreed, the best of the trilogy.  Abrams' crisp direction keeps this film moving at breakneck speed from start to finish, including a few twists along the way.  I was thoroughly entertained by this outstanding action film.This is, as most critics agreed, the best of the trilogy.  Abrams' crisp direction keeps this film moving at breakneck speed from start to finish, including a few twists along the way.  I was thoroughly entertained by this outstanding action film.The only thing I DIDN'T like.... the short pause in the middle of the film, probably for a change between the dual layers.  VERY annoying!
 if you are interested in computer history and the fight between microsoft and apple still very hot today this is a must have dvd
 There is not enough footage on the feud with Macho Man Randy Savage. I prefer to see entire matches and more in depth behind the scenes regarding the whole story. What did the Macho Man think about it? Unfortunately we can never get to hear from Ms Elizabeth. Would these be included in a future Macho Man DVD set? I was always wondering if that was even legal to use a snake to bite another guy, especially in front of a huge live audience including kids. I was totally shocked when I first saw that on TV back in the 80's. Yes, that's hardcore. Deadly scary hardcore! That should not happen in the first place. The story involving Steamboat is well covered. It is a good example of how dangerous certain things can be. It is easy to think of something to do but actually doing it is another thing. There should be a line which should not be crossed. How can a real heavyweight guitar be used by Honky Tonk to hit Jake over the head? Human error? Hm... Nowadays Tripe H is using a hammer to hit others on the head. I guess a guitar is not a big deal by today's standard. Enough is enough. We don't need accidents! They may be an unevitable part of sports, but not part of "entertainment."
 I first saw this in the theatre because I like Dennis Quaid and Scarlett Johansson.  I had never really seen Topher Grace outside of 'That 70's Show' which I never kept up with on a regular basis.  I fell in love the movie first time I saw it and bought it soon after it came out on DVD.  I first saw this in the theatre because I like Dennis Quaid and Scarlett Johansson.  I had never really seen Topher Grace outside of 'That 70's Show' which I never kept up with on a regular basis.  I fell in love the movie first time I saw it and bought it soon after it came out on DVD.  Mr. Grace plays a 26 year-old executive moving up faster in the world than his experience allows him to comprehend.  He's become such a machine in a competivie world that he's loses his way in life.  I was able to relate to his character very well and assume many my age did too.Mr. Grace plays a 26 year-old executive moving up faster in the world than his experience allows him to comprehend.  He's become such a machine in a competivie world that he's loses his way in life.  I was able to relate to his character very well and assume many my age did too.One of mentor's has told me repeatedly that the mid-twenties can be one of the roughest times in life.  So many things are going at once on so many levels.  To me, this movie captured that.  Paul Weitz did a great job writing this.  The cast was exquisite
 I've been waiting for this to come out on DVD since I first saw it back in July. I still can't understand why the critics just didn't get this one. This has to be one of the best second films ever made in a Trilogy. The addition of Davy Jones was brilliant. It made the film much darker and more dramatic. Johnny Deep was superb as usual. I still can't believe that the film made $400 million dollars domestically and over $1 billion dollars worldwide. It's surreal. But everything about this movie was so on point that it's not too surprising that it exceeded the first film. I enjoyed this one more than the original. I thought the story was more interesting on this occasion. Although, you had to wonder what was going to happen in the absence of Geoffrey Rush's character. He and Depp played so well off each other in the first film it was hard to imagine the second film going on without him. It was a huge void to fill. But enter Bill Nighy as Davy Jones and all is well. I guess that's one reason why "Dead Man's Chest" woks the way it does. Billy Nighy gives an A-list performance. And when you add in Orlando Bloom and Keira Knightly, it's money in the bank. The only trilogy in my book that ranks higher is the original "Star Wars." Yes, I prefer "Pirates" over TLOTR. Although, perhaps my comments are premature since "At World End" hasn't even been released yet. Should that be a dud, then of course the whole thing falls apart. But here's hoping that the third time is a charmer. If you own the first "Pirates" on DVD then you have to get this. Don't miss out.
 I'd give 4 stars for this DVD release.  The movie itself has a special place for anyone who grew up watching soviet movies.  To relate the atmosphere of an old 60's soviet "eastern" is not easy to an american viewer, and I believe a better english dubbing could do this movie a better justice.  Besides that, it's a must have, particularly for any russian ex-pat
 One of John Hughes best films,Ferris Bueler made me laugh harder than any other Hughes film. The though of one high schooler having an entire town behind his back makes you wish you were him.I love this film
 I was amased at how very well acted, directed and written this movie was. The dialogue was sharp and you might have to watch twice to get all the subtle quips. Everyone was well cast. It is great movie for anyone and transcends the lesbo-film cliche. It transcends because the themes are universal and you forget it's a "gay" movie. If you hated "Go Fish" like I did, you'll love this movie and go "whew" for this film - it saves our lesbian cinema souls! Buy it! you won't be sorr
 Leave it to the Coen Brothers to make Werner Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle the crux of a film noir, and darned if they don't make a good case for it in "The Man Who Wasn't There." (Typically, they put their argument in the mouth of a loutish lawyer who can't even remember Heisenberg's name.) Chain-smoking nebbish barber Ed Crane (Billy Bob Thornton) makes the only decisive (and dishonest) action of his life, and thus begins a chain of events that ends in the doom of himself and several, mostly not-so-innocent, bystanders. In "The Man Who Wasn't There," the phrase "decisive action" is an oxymoron; everything Crane and the other characters do is governed solely by chance. Everything that happens--from the wrong stranger turning up at the wrong time to a horribly timed punch in the face--changes everything forever, and always for the worse. Set in 1949 in Santa Rosa, Calif. (a tip of the hat to Hitchcock and "Shadow of a Doubt," perhaps?) "The Man Who Wasn't There" looks perfect. Like every other Coen film, it's a marvel of production design, and the genius photographer Roger Deakins nails to a tree the dusty black-and-white look of such classic noirs as "Double Indemnity" and "Out of the Past." Thematically, however, "The Man Who Wasn't There" resembles nothing so much as a much more elegant, much better acted remake of Edgar G. Ulmer's "Detour," in which the characters drift in a low-rent Sartrean hell, totally the victims of fate. But whereas "Detour" is more than the sum of its parts, "The Man Who Wasn't There" is less. The Coen Brothers may believe in chance, but on the screen they leave nothing to chance, so that everything in "The Man Who Wasn't There" is TOO perfect. In the end the film has the same overstudied, clinical quality that afflicts every Coen film except "Fargo." (It must be admitted, though, that only one Coen film--"The Hudsucker Proxy"--is ruined by that quality.) The acting is as superb as in any Coen film. Thornton--in a role that is nearly wordless except for the voiceover narration tying the plot together--burns a hole in the celluloid with his intense, hangdog gravity. There are also glittering supporting performances by Frances McDormand as Thornton's philandering wife Doris; James Gandolfini as her paramour and boss; Jon Polito as a shady businessman; Michael Badalucco as Thornton's motormouth brother-in-law; Scarlett Johansson as the teenager Thornton chastely fancies; and especially Tony Shalhoub, nearly stealing the picture as Freddy Riedenschneider, defense attorney extraordinaire.
 I was not privy to the world of Christopher Guest until a friend of mine told me that if I liked `Drop Dead Gorgeous' then I would flip over any of Guest's films.  The video store only had one in, and that was `Best in Show' and I'm SOOOOO glad they had it.  This film has to be one of the funniest films I've ever seen, a complete riot from beginning to end.  As a true `mockumentary' every scene is shot pretty much adlib and you can sense the intended on the spot dialog as everyone is being interviewed and or followed around to `document' the Mayflower Dog Show.  The film follows a group of dog owners as they get ready to show their little bundles of joy.  There's Jennifer Coolidge and Patrick Crenshaw play Leslie and Sherri Ann Ward Cabot (total spoof on the whole Anna Nicole Smith scandal), owners of a prize winning poodle who's won `Best in Show' 2 years straight, and with the help of lesbian handler Christy Cummings (Jane Lynch) hopefully she'll win for a third.  Then there's Harlan Pepper (Christopher Guest himself), a southern bloodhound owner who dreams of being a ventriloquist.  And there's power comic couple Eugene Levy and Catherine O'Hara who play the Flecks, owners of a terrier, who struggle with Mrs. Flecks long line of previous lovers.  There are lovers Stefan & Scott (Michael McKean & John Michael Higgins) who spoil their Shih Tzu's and each other.  But finally we have the star couple of the show, the neurotic Meg and Hamilton Swan (Parker Posey & Michael Hitchcock), owners of Beatrice, and beautiful yet disturbed and `negative' Weimaraner who's been traumatized by the sight of this young couple having sex.  Their antics, arguments and strange affection to their dog is some of the funniest scenes in the whole film, and their chemistry is pure brilliance.  The film brilliantly pokes fun at a sport taken WAY TO SERIOUS, and with Fred Willard as the commentator of the show the film is filled with barrel rolls from start to finish
 A great behind-the-scenes look at decisions that shaped history - and nearly killed all of us.Cross-reference this with the more recent Kennedy biographies for a wider, sobering context.This is the sort of thing that the Bush Administration should have watched before deciding to invade Iraq. 
 next friday was so much better than the first one. with much more funnier scenes. and this movie is reccommended for everyone
 This is a sweet comedy with alot of formula but it works! Sometimes you have to fight for love and it takes something like a movie star moving in on the girl to push you to action. Predictable but funny. Isn't love worth fighting for
 Ferris Bueller (Matthew Broderick) is a kind of hero to every high-school aged young adult out there. He's the kind of guy whom we all want to be, really. He acts like he doesn't have a care in the world, and lives life to fullest. The opposite of this guy would be his best friend Cameron Frye (Alan Ruck), a sort of uptight worrywart who deserves to be brought out of his shell by the easygoing Ferris. In this film, Ferris fakes out his parents into calling it another "sick" day for him, his ninth to be exact. In order to convince just about everyone that he is really sick, he consults his collection of electronic sound effect equipment for the process. Another antithesis of Ferris is his life-is-not-fair sister Jeannie(Jennifer Grey) who suspects something is up, as does the sly-but-not-so-slick Dean of Students, Ed Rooney (Jeffrey Jones).It's funny how so many trains of thoughts seem to dominate this movie and in the events that happen For instance, Ferris says that he has to keep coming up with new illnesses in order to make 10 sick days. It's amazing; people, like his parents who are most easily duped, would think that this one sick kid when in reality, he's having a ball. However, knowing that if he gets cauught and may not graduate, he decides to make this one count and be worthwhile. Ferris and Cameron bail out Ferris' girl Sloane (Mia Sara) with a dead grandmother ploy, and together the trio spend the day doing the town in Chicago driving the '61 GT convertible (Oh, yeah!). This movie has a special message and feeling to it that's as old as time. It's about conquering fears mostly and just really appreciating life. For after all, as our hero says: "Life moves pretty fast; if you don't stop to take a look every once in a while, you might miss it." That's the moral of the story, really. "Bueller...Bueller...Bueller?" Not here, but he'll be there in your own home sharing his funny but wise philosophies of life, and showing you how to open your eyes in making the most of every day
 Highly enjoyable tale of the life of Marty Maher, the Irish immigrant who rose from humble waiter to become West Point's beloved athletic trainer and football coach for more than 50 years. Despite personal tragedies, and through two World Wars, Maher inspired generations of young men who came through the distinguished Army officers' academy, including future legends like Omar Bradley and Dwight D. Eisenhower. Tyrone Power is excellent and compelling as he portrays Maher from young idealist to elderly sage, Irish accent intact all the way. The scenery and West Point pageantry is fun to watch (although some of it looks like it was filmed inside a studio -- but much else looks like it may have been filmed at the Military Academy). Interestingly, there's not really all that much football in this film -- there's a little, but it's mainly the story of Maher and his family, and the young men he came to love like his own sons. With the flame-haired Maureen O'Hara as Maher's Irish wife Mary, giving a  radiant performance. Sentimental in that '50s way, of course, but the legendary director John Ford (working with a cast made up of many of his favorites) always puts a bite behind the sweetness
 When I read the description it mentions being able to personalize your workouts.  I thought, "Yeah, right."  But you really can pick and chose and combine what you want.  You can combine high intensity arms with low intensity abs and medium intensity cardio.  It is up to you.  Or you can choose from the basic low, medium, or high intesity workouts.  This is a great workout DVD and Denise is pretty easy to follow for the most part.  I'd recommend it for anyone of any workout level who wants to exercise in the privacy of their own home
 PBS did an outstanding job in putting this documentary together.  It covers his entire life and career and includes scenes from some of his lesser known and much more difficult to find films.  The documentary includes many interview pieces with Kurosawa himself which gives you some added insight into what the man was really like.  Also, there are comments from noted Japanese film historian Donald Richie.  As a Kurosawa fan watching this on PBS when it aired, the hour and forty five minutes seemed like about half an hour.  It is an excellent documentary about perhaps the greatest director of the twentieth century
 This is a work of genius. It is creative, original, funny and well done. That being said, it is probably not for everyone. This is a work of genius. It is creative, original, funny and well done. That being said, it is probably not for everyone. This wonderful takes as its starting point a couple of very minor character from Shakespeare's HAMLET. These are the stars of the show. In Hamlet, they are merely a couple of friends of the prince called in to help deal with Hamlet's melancholia. They appear briefly and are gone. The last mention of them comes when the royal court hears a message that Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead. They are merely there to drive forward the story of the prince.This wonderful takes as its starting point a couple of very minor character from Shakespeare's HAMLET. These are the stars of the show. In Hamlet, they are merely a couple of friends of the prince called in to help deal with Hamlet's melancholia. They appear briefly and are gone. The last mention of them comes when the royal court hears a message that Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead. They are merely there to drive forward the story of the prince.In this work, the hapless two are called in for the same purpose but the story centers around them. The spend the entire film trying to figure out what is happening to themselves and to those around them. As they discuss existential questions, the tragedy of Hamlet plays out around them. It is quite funny but some background helps.In this work, the hapless two are called in for the same purpose but the story centers around them. The spend the entire film trying to figure out what is happening to themselves and to those around them. As they discuss existential questions, the tragedy of Hamlet plays out around them. It is quite funny but some background helps.It helps a great deal if you are comfortable with Elizabethan speech. Whole pieces are lifted from Shakespeare and the added dialog is of the same style.It helps a great deal if you are comfortable with Elizabethan speech. Whole pieces are lifted from Shakespeare and the added dialog is of the same style.It helps if you are familiar with Hamlet. That makes understanding the context easier.It helps if you are familiar with Hamlet. That makes understanding the context easier.It is great fun if you have some knowledge of physics. Rosencrantz spends the whole film on the verge of making monumental discoveries in basic physics but is thwarted at each turn.It is great fun if you have some knowledge of physics. Rosencrantz spends the whole film on the verge of making monumental discoveries in basic physics but is thwarted at each turn.It's is fun.
 Nothing quite like this show for the writing and character talent.  Every one of the major players in the series has a talent for overacting that even William Shatner would envy, and even without the writing the facial expressions and delivery are frequently close to hysterical.  As anybody who has seen this show knows, the writing is very original and energetic but is able to transition seamlessly into double-entendre and innuendo with a cleverness usually reserved for British comedy.  (Although, as "children" of the Three Stooges, Americans are, I think, accustomed to somewhat heavier-handed comedy.)Nothing quite like this show for the writing and character talent.  Every one of the major players in the series has a talent for overacting that even William Shatner would envy, and even without the writing the facial expressions and delivery are frequently close to hysterical.  As anybody who has seen this show knows, the writing is very original and energetic but is able to transition seamlessly into double-entendre and innuendo with a cleverness usually reserved for British comedy.  (Although, as "children" of the Three Stooges, Americans are, I think, accustomed to somewhat heavier-handed comedy.)For those who don't know this series, it definitely is too bawdy to watch with kids (I wouldn't let mine watch with me until they are at least 20, by which time they will probably find this material boring).  If you are assembling a comedy collection, however, this series fills a unique niche.For those who don't know this series, it definitely is too bawdy to watch with kids (I wouldn't let mine watch with me until they are at least 20, by which time they will probably find this material boring).  If you are assembling a comedy collection, however, this series fills a unique niche.My only complaint is that the packaging is a bit second rate.  It doesn't even come in a box, but rather in a little "accordion-folder" package which is neither aesthetic nor practical (can't stack) nor particularly protective.  It is also hard to remove the disks from the center catches without damaging them (I chipped one first thing out of the box despite expecting trouble, but fixed with carefully trimmed packaging tape; works fine)
 I am a huge anime fan, and this is by far the best.  Lemme just say, God I can't even find the words to describe to you how wonderul this series is.  It inspires hope and takes the viewer on a journey into myth and fantasy.  The whole series is actually based on a true story in Japan.  A few hundred years ago, the entire population of wolves in Japan became extinct.  There are people there, even today that report wolf sightings occasionally :)I am a huge anime fan, and this is by far the best.  Lemme just say, God I can't even find the words to describe to you how wonderul this series is.  It inspires hope and takes the viewer on a journey into myth and fantasy.  The whole series is actually based on a true story in Japan.  A few hundred years ago, the entire population of wolves in Japan became extinct.  There are people there, even today that report wolf sightings occasionally :)If you're a fan of wolves, or looking for something a little different, CHECK THIS DVD OUT!If you're a fan of wolves, or looking for something a little different, CHECK THIS DVD OUT!The musics great, the drawing is perfect -- not just a random bunch of stills like most animes, but actual movement!  You get 4 episodes per DVD, each is a little over 20 minutes long.  This DVD includes:The musics great, the drawing is perfect -- not just a random bunch of stills like most animes, but actual movement!  You get 4 episodes per DVD, each is a little over 20 minutes long.  This DVD includes:19. A dream of an oasis -- this episode takes place right after the incident at the keep.  Kiba finds a place where he is truly happy, and wonders if he has finally found paradise.19. A dream of an oasis -- this episode takes place right after the incident at the keep.  Kiba finds a place where he is truly happy, and wonders if he has finally found paradise.20. CONSCIOUSLY -- this is by far my favorite episode in the entire series.  It has gorgeous music, and the scene by the lake will stay with you forever, just brilliant.20. CONSCIOUSLY -- this is by far my favorite episode in the entire series.  It has gorgeous music, and the scene by the lake will stay with you forever, just brilliant.21. Battle's Red Glare -- Orcom's men are fighting against an enemy, and the wolves are caught in the middle.  We see a lot of Blue in this episode (she's so cute as a puppy :) and Cher.21. Battle's Red Glare -- Orcom's men are fighting against an enemy, and the wolves are caught in the middle.  We see a lot of Blue in this episode (she's so cute as a puppy :) and Cher.22. Pieces of a shooting star -- The group decides to cross a sea of ice, but it turns out not to be such a good idea :(  Toboe goes crazzy and we finally getta see the runt kill some stuff.22. Pieces of a shooting star -- The group decides to cross a sea of ice, but it turns out not to be such a good idea :(  Toboe goes crazzy and we finally getta see the runt kill some stuff.I can't say enough about this series -- unless you've seen the whole thing, you can't judge it.  It's made by the same people as "Cowboy Beebop" and this DVD is preparing us for the typical BONES conclusion ;)  The next DVD is way sad and very depressing; no matter how tough you are, you will be crying by the end
 Okay...when I heard about The Brat Pack Movie and Music Collection I was pretty sure that it was probably just a rehash of The High School Reunion Collection which was released several years ago.  Both sets were released by Universal.  Fear not, I am here to tell you about the differences.  The first thing that is painfully obvious about this set is the choice of movies.  Like it's closest cousin The High School Reunion Collection, The Brat Pack Movie and Music Collection includes the exact same movies-"The Breakfast Club," "Sixteen Candles" and Weird Science."  The cover art on the DVD's is the same, no new bonus material with each film that I detected.Okay...when I heard about The Brat Pack Movie and Music Collection I was pretty sure that it was probably just a rehash of The High School Reunion Collection which was released several years ago.  Both sets were released by Universal.  Fear not, I am here to tell you about the differences.  The first thing that is painfully obvious about this set is the choice of movies.  Like it's closest cousin The High School Reunion Collection, The Brat Pack Movie and Music Collection includes the exact same movies-"The Breakfast Club," "Sixteen Candles" and Weird Science."  The cover art on the DVD's is the same, no new bonus material with each film that I detected.It has been mentioned time and time again that the choice of movies is a bit off.  No one even really pegged this acting group "The Brat Pack," until around 1985.  Molly Ringwald was one of the best known Brat Pack members and "Sixteen Candles" helped to start the whole Brat pack phenom but no one ever considered "Weird Science" a Brat Pack movie. Trust me, I remember the 80's.  It always seemed like it would make more sense to include "St Elmo's Fire" or "Pretty in Pink" in with this set.  This is painfully clear with the bonus music disc included.It has been mentioned time and time again that the choice of movies is a bit off.  No one even really pegged this acting group "The Brat Pack," until around 1985.  Molly Ringwald was one of the best known Brat Pack members and "Sixteen Candles" helped to start the whole Brat pack phenom but no one ever considered "Weird Science" a Brat Pack movie. Trust me, I remember the 80's.  It always seemed like it would make more sense to include "St Elmo's Fire" or "Pretty in Pink" in with this set.  This is painfully clear with the bonus music disc included.The music CD includes the following songs-"True" by Spandau Ballet, "Tenderness" by General Public, "If You Leave" by OMD, "Weird Science," by Oingo Boingo, "Oh Yeah" by Yello (which was in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", Pretty in Pink by the Psychedelic Furs, "Don't You Forget About Me," by Simple Minds and "I Go Crazy" by Flesh For Lulu.The music CD includes the following songs-"True" by Spandau Ballet, "Tenderness" by General Public, "If You Leave" by OMD, "Weird Science," by Oingo Boingo, "Oh Yeah" by Yello (which was in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", Pretty in Pink by the Psychedelic Furs, "Don't You Forget About Me," by Simple Minds and "I Go Crazy" by Flesh For Lulu.Why include music from "Pretty In Pink" and not include the movie?  On to the packaging.  The packaging is very unique and makes the set worth owning.  I own over 100 TV on DVD and box  sets and nothing is like this.  The DVD's are held in what is literally a three ring binder and the DVD's are in sleeves instead of jewel cases. On the back page of the binder is a pop quiz.Why include music from "Pretty In Pink" and not include the movie?  On to the packaging.  The packaging is very unique and makes the set worth owning.  I own over 100 TV on DVD and box  sets and nothing is like this.  The DVD's are held in what is literally a three ring binder and the DVD's are in sleeves instead of jewel cases. On the back page of the binder is a pop quiz.For the most part it is very similar to The Highschool Reunion collection but it's nice to have the bonus CD and the cool packaging.  However, it would have been nice if Universal would have given fans who bought the previous set a little more inspiration to purchase this new collection. One must assume they must not own the rights to "Pretty in Pink" (it's listed as a Parmount DVD) because that is easily one of the best known Brat Pack movies and it seems insane that it is not included in a set with the term Brat Pack associated with it. 
 One of the many reasons we love movies is how they make us feel, how they make us react. "Dave", a wonderful Ivan Reitman political confection is one of those rare movies we watch over and over again to get that warm fuzzy we all need from time to time. Kevin Kline shines as the President's sweet natured slightly goofy stand in after the The Chief Executive suffers a major stroke while boffing an aide. The rest of the supporting cast also turn in exceptional performances as does the film score music which frames the film beautifully. The relationships between Dave and the First Lady as well as Dave and the head Secret Service man at the White House are especially touching. I absolutely love this movie. You will too.
 The question at hand in the film Paradise Lost is not as much did these three teenagers commit this heinous act, but rather was there enough evidence to convict them for the murders. The answer, presented by material in the film, is an unflinching no. There was only speculation and rumor to convict the three.The question at hand in the film Paradise Lost is not as much did these three teenagers commit this heinous act, but rather was there enough evidence to convict them for the murders. The answer, presented by material in the film, is an unflinching no. There was only speculation and rumor to convict the three.The film's strengths are that it doesn't preach, at least not in an overly wrought narrative, and it contains intimate moments with the accused and their families as well as the families of the victims. I can understand the pain and confusion of the victim's families. What is hard to understand is the bloodlust and need for revenge and retribution that immediately takes hold of them. The victims' families are the most terrifying aspect of this film. At one point the mother of the Byrnes child says in a hateful and spiteful tone "I hate them... I hate them and the mother's that bore them."The film's strengths are that it doesn't preach, at least not in an overly wrought narrative, and it contains intimate moments with the accused and their families as well as the families of the victims. I can understand the pain and confusion of the victim's families. What is hard to understand is the bloodlust and need for revenge and retribution that immediately takes hold of them. The victims' families are the most terrifying aspect of this film. At one point the mother of the Byrnes child says in a hateful and spiteful tone "I hate them... I hate them and the mother's that bore them."Is there anything wrong with being hellishly angry with someone who has butchered your child? No, quite natural really. But the point of this film is that judgment was passed on these kids long before the trial even started. I imagine the Bible belt is a very scary place to be raised in... I'll have to ask Brad Pitt what he thinks about it some time.Is there anything wrong with being hellishly angry with someone who has butchered your child? No, quite natural really. But the point of this film is that judgment was passed on these kids long before the trial even started. I imagine the Bible belt is a very scary place to be raised in... I'll have to ask Brad Pitt what he thinks about it some time.On the issue of the prosecution. They had next to nothing. A very questionable confession from a terrified kid, Jessie, with a 72 IQ, hearsay from a couple of kids who claim they heard Damien bragging about the murder but have no proof, a knife found behind Damien's house which doesn't match the wounds on the bodies, and the assertion that because Damien read about Wicca, he must be a Satanist.On the issue of the prosecution. They had next to nothing. A very questionable confession from a terrified kid, Jessie, with a 72 IQ, hearsay from a couple of kids who claim they heard Damien bragging about the murder but have no proof, a knife found behind Damien's house which doesn't match the wounds on the bodies, and the assertion that because Damien read about Wicca, he must be a Satanist.To look at the three kids is also an interesting aspect of the film. Jessie, a very small and slow kid seems a bit lost in the world. His IQ is low but he has no previous records of any type of behavior that would associate him with murder. Jason speaks in short breathless words and seems also to suffer from a low IQ. Damien is the key to everything in this film though. The defense made the key mistake of letting Damien take the stand for two reasons. The first reason is that Damien appears to have ADD and after the first 10 minutes of questioning he sort of fades away and answers in bland yes and no's. The second reason, and the most important, is that Damien is obviously extremely bright. Normally this wouldn't seem to be a problem but judging from every single person the filmmakers put on camera, smart people are hard to come by in that area of the world. Damien scared them.To look at the three kids is also an interesting aspect of the film. Jessie, a very small and slow kid seems a bit lost in the world. His IQ is low but he has no previous records of any type of behavior that would associate him with murder. Jason speaks in short breathless words and seems also to suffer from a low IQ. Damien is the key to everything in this film though. The defense made the key mistake of letting Damien take the stand for two reasons. The first reason is that Damien appears to have ADD and after the first 10 minutes of questioning he sort of fades away and answers in bland yes and no's. The second reason, and the most important, is that Damien is obviously extremely bright. Normally this wouldn't seem to be a problem but judging from every single person the filmmakers put on camera, smart people are hard to come by in that area of the world. Damien scared them.All of this adds up to the fact that there was not enough evidence to put these kids away and there were other, more sinister and shocking, suspects that needed to be pursued. The war rages on for the West Memphis Three and it is indeed frightening to think that they did it, and terrifying to think they didn't
 If you judge this movie using the same checklist you would for "A Beautiful Mind" or even "Lord of the Rings" you've missed the boat. This movie is a bit more foolish than the others and that is what's so great about it. See this movie through the eyes of a child and allow it to make you laugh, to gross you out, to surprise you with its clever twists of plot, to amaze you with heroes that defy all odds, and to capture your imagination with peculiar pirates' treasures.
  All of these bad reviews confuse a movie they didn't like with a badly made movie. This is a very well made movie, with perfectly competent performances. The tone is quite serious, and the ending won't cheer anyone up. But then there are many people who loved Titanic, which I found utterly depressing. More to the point, though, who cares about the problems of these rich kids? Not me. The REAL reason to watch this is to see Molly Ringwald at her most beautiful. And if you enjoy this film, check out Less Than Zero, another gloomy but solid (& underrated) '80s film. The WORST '80s film is Bright Lights, Big City - don't say I didn't warn you!
 i FELL IN LOVE WITH THIS MOVIE ME AND MY HUSBAND. AND THAT IS FUNNY BECAUSE USUALLY WE DON'T HAVE THE SAME TASTE IN MOVIE
 This is a wonderful movie to keep the kids (and quite possibly yourself) entertained during an otherwise-hectic holiday. I laughed, I cried, (really, I did) and I just really enjoyed it
 I'll admit that I'm a Johnny-come-lately to the "Madea" series, finally seeing this compilation at the insistence of my teenaged niece. Creator Tyler Perry and his alter-ego, the opinionated, pistol-packing, chain-smoking (never lit, by the way) "Madea," have starred in several successful stage plays and subsequent theatrical film versions to the delight of fans, mostly African-American, nationwide.I'll admit that I'm a Johnny-come-lately to the "Madea" series, finally seeing this compilation at the insistence of my teenaged niece. Creator Tyler Perry and his alter-ego, the opinionated, pistol-packing, chain-smoking (never lit, by the way) "Madea," have starred in several successful stage plays and subsequent theatrical film versions to the delight of fans, mostly African-American, nationwide.Though the stories feature the tried-and-true clichd characters (the belligerent teenager, the devoted wife, the straying husband, the vixens, the lotharios, etc.) and situations (infidelity, promiscuity, straying from the church, comedic funerals, obnoxious and overbearing family members), Perry's productions also introduce a bit of spirituality with each story's ending dependent upon DIVINE INTERVENTION making things right. Some of the acting performances are a little over the top, and the musical selections, though sung with gusto and relish by the gifted vocalists, are weak in the lyrics department; however, as a whole, the respective productions are entertaining and inspirational.Though the stories feature the tried-and-true clichd characters (the belligerent teenager, the devoted wife, the straying husband, the vixens, the lotharios, etc.) and situations (infidelity, promiscuity, straying from the church, comedic funerals, obnoxious and overbearing family members), Perry's productions also introduce a bit of spirituality with each story's ending dependent upon DIVINE INTERVENTION making things right. Some of the acting performances are a little over the top, and the musical selections, though sung with gusto and relish by the gifted vocalists, are weak in the lyrics department; however, as a whole, the respective productions are entertaining and inspirational.Perry has tapped into a market that is unconsciously ignored by Hollywood, and is having great success on both the stage and screen.Perry has tapped into a market that is unconsciously ignored by Hollywood, and is having great success on both the stage and screen.This compilation lets the viewer experience and/or revisit those money-making stage shows.
 Inliked the film in the theater and I like the film now.  The plot does not drag and does not bore
 I was really impressed by this film and I must congratulate Hollywood for presenting the Soviet war machine in such a realistic way. The direction was fine, the actors well chosen, the script very good and Harrison Ford's acting top quality. I think this film was superior to older ones like "The Hunt for Red October" or "Crimson Tide" whose story was rather flat and predictable. The key advantage of the film is the intense psychological charging of the crew's attempts to cool the damaged reactor and the marvellous portrait of traditional Russian self-sacrifice
 Kids will be kids! Within being a kid is the freedom to be intuitive, honorable and brave. These raw qualities displayed so well by the young man in the movie allows even adults to spring to the occasion of the pure gut feeling of "love." Risk becomes only the next step. Susan Sarondon is superb in her charactor of strength, courage, wit and willingness to go up against the BIG, tough bad guys with all the money and power. Tommy Lee Jones is convincing as he portrays one of the money and power "fools.
 This is an excellent movie if you like war flicks. It made me angry being from the Vietnam generation also. It shows how pointless war is and what a waste of good men. The acting from all the cast was top class. I highly recommend this movie. It may be slow at first, but the action later is amazing
 Richard Dryfuss and Holly Hunter are fabulous in this wonderful remake of "A Guy Named Joe". Full of great flying, laughs with John Goodman, and a special appearance of Audrey Hepburn in her last film. You'll love it
 As you can tell from my other reviews, I own a lot of Kathy Smith DVD's. The reason is she has solid workouts that are fun and she has great cue-ing and instruction. She always cues from YOUR point of view, when she says left it's YOUR left, which makes it easy to mirror her on the screen. As you can tell from my other reviews, I own a lot of Kathy Smith DVD's. The reason is she has solid workouts that are fun and she has great cue-ing and instruction. She always cues from YOUR point of view, when she says left it's YOUR left, which makes it easy to mirror her on the screen. This step workout has 3 segments, designed for beginner, intermediate and advanced. The beginner should stop after segment 1 and go to the cooldown. The intermediate stepper should finish segments 1 and 2 and then proceed to the cooldown. The advanced stepper can do all 3 segments before cooling down. This step workout has 3 segments, designed for beginner, intermediate and advanced. The beginner should stop after segment 1 and go to the cooldown. The intermediate stepper should finish segments 1 and 2 and then proceed to the cooldown. The advanced stepper can do all 3 segments before cooling down. Each segment gives you two options: high impact (power moves) or low impact. Higher impact consists of modifying low impact moves to contain more jumps. One person in each segment does the low impact moves so you can follow her. Each segment gives you two options: high impact (power moves) or low impact. Higher impact consists of modifying low impact moves to contain more jumps. One person in each segment does the low impact moves so you can follow her. Segment 1: 12 minutes long. Easy to follow basic stepping. Kathy and company use a springboard step but any step (or even no step for beginners) will work just fine. Segment 2: 13 minutes long. Slightly more intense than segment 1 and more add on sequences. After you've been stepping 6 minutes Kathy moves to squats and lunges which gives you a rest and lets your heartrate lower. This is my only complaint about this video, I wish she would have added this at the end of the entire video and continued cardio through the entire 2nd segement. However, this segment only lasts ~4 minutes so it's not that big of a deal. There is a heart rate check after this segment. Segment 3: 12 minutes. The step is switched to the other position for a bit more variety. A few squats and leg lifts in sequence finish out this segment. Segment 3: 12 minutes. The step is switched to the other position for a bit more variety. A few squats and leg lifts in sequence finish out this segment. There is a 5 minute cooldown and a little bit of a stretch (probably won't be adequate for most people after this workout). She has a safety demonstration after the cooldown where she promotes the step she shows in the video, but should be viewed by first time steppers to make sure they do it properly. She has a safety demonstration after the cooldown where she promotes the step she shows in the video, but should be viewed by first time steppers to make sure they do it properly. She has a safety demonstration after the cooldown where she promotes the step she shows in the video, but should be viewed by first time steppers to make sure they do it properly. She has a safety demonstration after the cooldown where she promotes the step she shows in the video, but should be viewed by first time steppers to make sure they do it properly. 
 I'm giving this item five stars simply because the disc itself is grand - you receive one of the greatest MGM musicals ever conceived and it's bolstered by quite nice extras. That much you can be assured of.I'm giving this item five stars simply because the disc itself is grand - you receive one of the greatest MGM musicals ever conceived and it's bolstered by quite nice extras. That much you can be assured of.I'm writing this particular review because of Warner Bros. insistance on using fragile, cheaply made cardboard sleeves rather than the standard plastic dvd cases. I'm writing this particular review because of Warner Bros. insistance on using fragile, cheaply made cardboard sleeves rather than the standard plastic dvd cases. The problem with these Warner cases is that the pins holding the disc can break if even the slightest pressure is applied to the case, rendering it's capability the actually hold the disc useless. And unlike the plastic cases, the Warner ones cannot be replaced save for returning the disc to the original purchase place or attempting to contact the manufacturer (good luck with that, by the way). The problem with these Warner cases is that the pins holding the disc can break if even the slightest pressure is applied to the case, rendering it's capability the actually hold the disc useless. And unlike the plastic cases, the Warner ones cannot be replaced save for returning the disc to the original purchase place or attempting to contact the manufacturer (good luck with that, by the way). Another problem lies with the fact that it's made out of cardboard - when you remove the anti-theft stickers almost invariably the sticker will peel some of the artwork off the cover. This can occur even when you're carefully attempting to slowly peel the sticker off.Another problem lies with the fact that it's made out of cardboard - when you remove the anti-theft stickers almost invariably the sticker will peel some of the artwork off the cover. This can occur even when you're carefully attempting to slowly peel the sticker off.The reason I feel the need to mention this is I own dozens of Warner movies, and well over half of them are damaged in this manner and irreplaceable outside of purchasing a new one (not likely, Greedy Bros.)The reason I feel the need to mention this is I own dozens of Warner movies, and well over half of them are damaged in this manner and irreplaceable outside of purchasing a new one (not likely, Greedy Bros.)To be fair, Warner has finally began producing plastic cases with some of their newest releases - the top-notch Film Noir and Gangster collections offer the films in splendid little plastic cases. But titles like "Kiss Me Kate", "Rebel Without A Cause", "Broadway Melody of 1940", and even "Wizard of Oz" are still only available in these sad cardboard cases. To be fair, Warner has finally began producing plastic cases with some of their newest releases - the top-notch Film Noir and Gangster collections offer the films in splendid little plastic cases. But titles like "Kiss Me Kate", "Rebel Without A Cause", "Broadway Melody of 1940", and even "Wizard of Oz" are still only available in these sad cardboard cases. To be fair, Warner has finally began producing plastic cases with some of their newest releases - the top-notch Film Noir and Gangster collections offer the films in splendid little plastic cases. But titles like "Kiss Me Kate", "Rebel Without A Cause", "Broadway Melody of 1940", and even "Wizard of Oz" are still only available in these sad cardboard cases. To be fair, Warner has finally began producing plastic cases with some of their newest releases - the top-notch Film Noir and Gangster collections offer the films in splendid little plastic cases. But titles like "Kiss Me Kate", "Rebel Without A Cause", "Broadway Melody of 1940", and even "Wizard of Oz" are still only available in these sad cardboard cases. To be fair, Warner has finally began producing plastic cases with some of their newest releases - the top-notch Film Noir and Gangster collections offer the films in splendid little plastic cases. But titles like "Kiss Me Kate", "Rebel Without A Cause", "Broadway Melody of 1940", and even "Wizard of Oz" are still only available in these sad cardboard cases. To be fair, Warner has finally began producing plastic cases with some of their newest releases - the top-notch Film Noir and Gangster collections offer the films in splendid little plastic cases. But titles like "Kiss Me Kate", "Rebel Without A Cause", "Broadway Melody of 1940", and even "Wizard of Oz" are still only available in these sad cardboard cases. To be fair, Warner has finally began producing plastic cases with some of their newest releases - the top-notch Film Noir and Gangster collections offer the films in splendid little plastic cases. But titles like "Kiss Me Kate", "Rebel Without A Cause", "Broadway Melody of 1940", and even "Wizard of Oz" are still only available in these sad cardboard cases. 
 I loved this play. It provided drama suspense, comedy, inspiration, and great music. Tyler Perry has done it again.I loved this play. It provided drama suspense, comedy, inspiration, and great music. Tyler Perry has done it again.Sit Back Relax and enjoy the message
 I just watched this movie last night.  I came across the title on someone's MySpace and being a Jared Leto fan I wanted to watch it.  I had also read a few reviews and talked to some people who said the film was riveting.  I just watched this movie last night.  I came across the title on someone's MySpace and being a Jared Leto fan I wanted to watch it.  I had also read a few reviews and talked to some people who said the film was riveting.  Riveting is the very least I can say about this film.  It is as the Amazon editorial review puts it, "a tour through hell."  This film makes you think.   The fact that all the addicts succumbed to their addictions seems a little out there to me but I keep wondering is it so far fetched . . . ?  How many people are there that actually DO escape addictions?  You might escape one but more than likely you will soon replace it with another.Riveting is the very least I can say about this film.  It is as the Amazon editorial review puts it, "a tour through hell."  This film makes you think.   The fact that all the addicts succumbed to their addictions seems a little out there to me but I keep wondering is it so far fetched . . . ?  How many people are there that actually DO escape addictions?  You might escape one but more than likely you will soon replace it with another.During the film I kept trying to see the positive side of it all and hoping that there was some middle ground; some little piece of hope left.  I was wrong.  The film didn't depict drug use the way that I had expected to see it; the way I had seen it depicted in countless other films.During the film I kept trying to see the positive side of it all and hoping that there was some middle ground; some little piece of hope left.  I was wrong.  The film didn't depict drug use the way that I had expected to see it; the way I had seen it depicted in countless other films.All of the ugly aspects of drug use were put out there for your viewing pleasure.  Personally I found it painful to watch.  There  were moments when I actually thought of turning it off but for some reason continued to watch.  I think that reason was the hypnotic trancelike style of the film.  The truth is that I COULDN'T stop watching.  The film put me directly in the shoes of the addict.All of the ugly aspects of drug use were put out there for your viewing pleasure.  Personally I found it painful to watch.  There  were moments when I actually thought of turning it off but for some reason continued to watch.  I think that reason was the hypnotic trancelike style of the film.  The truth is that I COULDN'T stop watching.  The film put me directly in the shoes of the addict.I felt like the addicts in the film  . . . my hands sweaty and my heart pounding.  I couldn't close my eyes.  I want to see it again sometime.  I would like to watch it with my husband.  I bought the movie before I had ever watched it the first time.I felt like the addicts in the film  . . . my hands sweaty and my heart pounding.  I couldn't close my eyes.  I want to see it again sometime.  I would like to watch it with my husband.  I bought the movie before I had ever watched it the first time.The film was painfully realistic, genuinely graphic, appalling and appealing at the same exact time.  A MUST see.The film was painfully realistic, genuinely graphic, appalling and appealing at the same exact time.  A MUST see.Overall I think it is a wonderful film to add to any collection.  Personally it is probably one of the best movies I have ever watched.  I think the acting in the movie was outstanding, the direction was genius, and the plot was amazingly horrific.Overall I think it is a wonderful film to add to any collection.  Personally it is probably one of the best movies I have ever watched.  I think the acting in the movie was outstanding, the direction was genius, and the plot was amazingly horrific.All in all this is an 5 star film
 A deeply emotional film about Addiction, Love, and Family just to some, but when you watch this film you take something with you , something to be greatful for that everyone takes for granted, LIfe. Each character in this film has a heart breaking unhappy ending, really depressing movie but worth a look at least once. Marlon Wayans and Jennifer Connelly were extremely good but Ellen Burstyn broke my heart her performance Rocked
 I teared up when I heard the music from the theme song to the Electric Company for the first time in 30 years. I grew up with this show and now my children are learning from it too. Thanks to whoever arranged to have it released on DVD.  It was and still is a great show
 I agree with some of the reviews where the quality is not as good as say Baby Einstein videos, however, I still recommend this video for children just learning to speak or with speech delay. My two year old son was not frightened by the woman in the black turtleneck although I agree that the facial expressions are pretty bland.  I love the tips on helping your child with speech and language at the end of the DVD. My son is already trying to make new sounds since watching for only a few days. The video has given us new ideas on helping our son progress with his speech and language development. Hope this review helps those that are on the fence about purchasing.
 According to IMDb, "Moulin Rouge" was shot in 1.37, not widescreen.  Therefore you're not losing that much to view this in 1.33 (full screen) format
 I really had no idea what life was like for photographers who do this kind of work. I'm a photographer but not this line of work. It was an interesting glimpse into their lives. I wouldnt say you will learn much about photography but you do learn what kind of issues they have to deal with being on location in foreign countries, personal techniques or styles of certain photographers and hear what they look for when shooting. Some places conditions were less than desirable but they got some amazing shots to make it worth it.
 One of the most beautiful and sympathetic movies ever made about wolves, Alaska, and the Inuit, I could watch this movie over and over and not get tired of it. A mid-level analyst who just happens to be in the right place at the right time (he has his doubts early on)is chosen to go North to investigate the Arctic wolf and its impact on the caribou population. Along the way he encounters a host of intriguing characters, including a crazy-like-a-fox entrepreneurial bush pilot looking to make some sort of big score, a number of wacky bit players who I can easily imagine were not actors, but the real deal, and every bit as eccentric as they appeared; and an endearingly sage old Inuit of few words but many eloquent silences.One of the most beautiful and sympathetic movies ever made about wolves, Alaska, and the Inuit, I could watch this movie over and over and not get tired of it. A mid-level analyst who just happens to be in the right place at the right time (he has his doubts early on)is chosen to go North to investigate the Arctic wolf and its impact on the caribou population. Along the way he encounters a host of intriguing characters, including a crazy-like-a-fox entrepreneurial bush pilot looking to make some sort of big score, a number of wacky bit players who I can easily imagine were not actors, but the real deal, and every bit as eccentric as they appeared; and an endearingly sage old Inuit of few words but many eloquent silences.The investigator, Tyler, is not at all sure that he's up to the demands of the job, but forges ahead regardless, played with practical flair by Charles Martin Smith, a perfect choice for the lead here. I would be at a loss and panic-stricken if left alone on a frozen lake in Alaska, as his character Tyler is; Tyler takes it all in stride, trusting it will all be good in the morning, even though it is established early that for all the fact that he was chosen for this mission, he goes into it with a deep-seated terror of wolves.The investigator, Tyler, is not at all sure that he's up to the demands of the job, but forges ahead regardless, played with practical flair by Charles Martin Smith, a perfect choice for the lead here. I would be at a loss and panic-stricken if left alone on a frozen lake in Alaska, as his character Tyler is; Tyler takes it all in stride, trusting it will all be good in the morning, even though it is established early that for all the fact that he was chosen for this mission, he goes into it with a deep-seated terror of wolves.After the assistance of the old Inuit man in getting centered on his path - and the abrupt disappearance of his benefactor, who has a way of coming and going that magicians would envy - Tyler finds himself deep in the bush country and immersed in the world of wolves before he realizes how completely they have taken him over. Knowledge and observance quickly negates his fear, and he is brought to a serenity of spirit and understanding of his place in the world that makes me wish I had the courage and stamina to go out and try it too.After the assistance of the old Inuit man in getting centered on his path - and the abrupt disappearance of his benefactor, who has a way of coming and going that magicians would envy - Tyler finds himself deep in the bush country and immersed in the world of wolves before he realizes how completely they have taken him over. Knowledge and observance quickly negates his fear, and he is brought to a serenity of spirit and understanding of his place in the world that makes me wish I had the courage and stamina to go out and try it too.A caveat: there is a culinary moment in this movie that might cause the squeamish some distress. Do what I did at the crucial moment; look at the ceiling, or recite to yourself, "It's only chocolate, it's only chocolate." You'll know when it gets close; they don't spring it on you; and it IS just chocolate.A caveat: there is a culinary moment in this movie that might cause the squeamish some distress. Do what I did at the crucial moment; look at the ceiling, or recite to yourself, "It's only chocolate, it's only chocolate." You'll know when it gets close; they don't spring it on you; and it IS just chocolate.Highly recommended for the whole family.(Oh one more caveat; if skinny-dipping adults offend you - briefly skinny-dipping, and not flagrantly overt - then maybe this isn't your movie.)
 Highly recommended for the whole family.(Oh one more caveat; if skinny-dipping adults offend you - briefly skinny-dipping, and not flagrantly overt - then maybe this isn't your movie.)About a young scientist (played by Charles Martin Smith) who goes to the Arctic to study wolves, their survival, and their effect on the caribou herds (he proves they are not killing the caribou, as it had been assumed). He is a fledgling in the wilds, but learns to become as resourceful as the wolves. He notices the wolves eating mice, and begins to do the same himself - a supreme irony in this Disney film. The first half is excellent, compelling and beautiful to watch; but the second half is marred by an incessant pounding away on a man-as-encroacher bad guy message and a confusing man-as-wolf Indian mysticism presentation. It's wonderfully photographed, though, and the soundtrack is stunning
 Who could ever forget the image of happy-go-lucky Manuel Fidello (Spencer Tracy) turning the handle on his little accordion box singing in that gentle, infectious Portuguese accent, "Yo ho little fish don't cry don't cry". If you're a fan of classic films you know this is a scene from Spencer Tracy's signature movie, `Captains Courageous' released in '37. Who could ever forget the image of happy-go-lucky Manuel Fidello (Spencer Tracy) turning the handle on his little accordion box singing in that gentle, infectious Portuguese accent, "Yo ho little fish don't cry don't cry". If you're a fan of classic films you know this is a scene from Spencer Tracy's signature movie, `Captains Courageous' released in '37. Plot: Harvey (Freddie Bartholomew), an Ill-mannered rich kid falls overboard off a luxury vessel and finds himself adrift until a passing merchant fishing ship pulls him out of the sea. He is taken under the tutorage of his rescuer, a friendly Portuguese fisherman named Manuel. Harvey is initially hostile to the thought of having to obey orders and work for his room and board until the ship returns to dock, but eventually comes to understand the important lessons in life being imparted by Manuel. Before his adventure at sea is over he'll learn what it means to be a man.Plot: Harvey (Freddie Bartholomew), an Ill-mannered rich kid falls overboard off a luxury vessel and finds himself adrift until a passing merchant fishing ship pulls him out of the sea. He is taken under the tutorage of his rescuer, a friendly Portuguese fisherman named Manuel. Harvey is initially hostile to the thought of having to obey orders and work for his room and board until the ship returns to dock, but eventually comes to understand the important lessons in life being imparted by Manuel. Before his adventure at sea is over he'll learn what it means to be a man.This is without a doubt my favorite Spencer Tracy film and a story the entire family will enjoy. It's beautifully filmed with a tremendous cast which includes along with Spencer Tracy and Freddie Bartholomew the legendary Lionel Barrymore as Disko and John Carradine as Long Jack
 After Spinal Tap, this almost sweet film seemed at first a letdown.  But like ST, it is right on.  These wonderful performers can grab a character and hang on to it so well that even when it's satire, it's real.  If you hate even the idea of folk music, skip it--or watch it to laugh at all those dorky people.  If you were there--I was--it's a real hoot(enanny)!  Sadly, here in California, they were to be found en masse at every local 99 Cents Only stores.  I realize this is not for everyone, but neither was Spinal Tap.  Give it a try
 When you talk about the one motion picture that fully encapsulated all the angst and nihilism of the `70's generation you're talking about Paddy Chayefsky's brilliantly written black comedy, `The Hospital' which was released in `70.When you talk about the one motion picture that fully encapsulated all the angst and nihilism of the `70's generation you're talking about Paddy Chayefsky's brilliantly written black comedy, `The Hospital' which was released in `70.A contemporary, dysfunctional, urban hospital serves as the microcosm of America's failure to deal with not only the physical maladies of the twentieth century, but the mental and emotional illnesses as well. George C. Scott stars in the role of Dr. Herbert Bock, hospital administrator. Dr. Bock is already tittering on the edge of insanity. His wife has left him, he's estranged from his children and he's in the grips of a mid-life crisis causing him to call everything he once held dear into question. When a bizarre series of unexplained deaths begin to occur within the ranks of the hospital staff Dr. Bock is left to ponder the nature of sanity and whether he can continue to function in a world gone mad.A contemporary, dysfunctional, urban hospital serves as the microcosm of America's failure to deal with not only the physical maladies of the twentieth century, but the mental and emotional illnesses as well. George C. Scott stars in the role of Dr. Herbert Bock, hospital administrator. Dr. Bock is already tittering on the edge of insanity. His wife has left him, he's estranged from his children and he's in the grips of a mid-life crisis causing him to call everything he once held dear into question. When a bizarre series of unexplained deaths begin to occur within the ranks of the hospital staff Dr. Bock is left to ponder the nature of sanity and whether he can continue to function in a world gone mad.With great performances by George C. Scott and the lovely Brit Diana Rigg, `The Hospital' is a thought-provoking film that will elicit discussion and debate. Watch it with a friend
 It's a [more vulnerable] Patton in a white coat, running a hospital, and it's all great fun, with a good story from an Oscar-winning script.  You have to love it when Scott dresses down a bureaucratic nurse in that gravelly bellow. You half-expect him to finish her off with "There are brave men DYING out there!"
 My favorite DVDs are concerts, festivals, unplugged etc. I was going to buy the CD and Amazon pointed me to their DVD. I prefer DVD surround sound to CD stereo. Plus you get something to look at. I heard the Demon Days songs on the radio, and liked them alot. This is an excellent DVD. You may want to check out Bonnaroo, Cross Roads, String Cheese, even the Doobie Bros. Oh yeah and Eric Burdon and the New Animals
 Season 5 is one of the best of all! Archie and mike are still doing what they do best....arguing about anything and everything. The best part of the whole season is when Archie finds out that the meathead has bought the Jedderson's old house next door...Arch's expression is PRICELESS!!! I'f you buy this set u won't be sorr
 Most likely this review will not be very helpful to anyone, but I wanted to comment on how beautifully done this film is.  I am a long time U2 fan and had seen Rattle and Hum, but didn't get around to purchasing the DVD until late 2005.  The fact that the music is wonderful is a given, but the cinematography is just astounding.  I love how you get to see everything from every point of view.  You get to see what the band sees on and around the stage, including the breathtaking sea of fans.  You get to see what the fans see -- the spectacular lighting and silhouettes.  You get to hear what the guys think and feel off-stage as well as on.  And of course you get the passionate music.  The film is as beautiful to watch as it is to listen to.  I couldn't ask for more
 It is a wonderful complement to my Lucy collection. The Tango scene is some of her best physical comedy!!
 The story of a young award winner of a filmmaker's competition going through the trials and tribulations of trying to get "his" first feature film made is given a wonderful treatment by Christopher(Spinal Tap)Guest. It's a cynical and hysterical look at how Hollywood is bent and how it can make anyone bend and eventually submit to its neurosis. Unlike many of favorable reviewers I'm not a fan of Christopher Guest's later works and that's not just because I'm envious of him being married to Jamie Leigh Curtis(lucky dog). I don't find Guffman or Best of Show more than mildly amusing at best. Save for Bob Balaban in Guffman(When Sparky comes back, I almost bust a gut). Unlike many of favorable reviewers I'm not a fan of Christopher Guest's later works and that's not just because I'm envious of him being married to Jamie Leigh Curtis(lucky dog). I don't find Guffman or Best of Show more than mildly amusing at best. Save for Bob Balaban in Guffman(When Sparky comes back, I almost bust a gut). Sometimes artists do their best work up front. I like Woody Allen's first three pictures the best(What's Up Tiger Lily, Take the Money and Run, Bananas). I think this is the case here. Guest hit gold. Great script, terrific performances by an incredible ensemble cast. A near genius(I'm gonna steal one of the other reviewer's word here because it's so perfect, kudos and thanks) "turn" by JT Walsh delivering two of the greatest non sequiturs in film history(alas, another "great" dying so soon before his time like Warren Oates and Robert Shaw). Fabulous work by Martin Short, Teri Hatcher, J,T, Walsh, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Fran Drescher, Dan Schneider, Jason Gould, Wakter Olkewicz and seriously I could keep writing names for another 5 or 6 lines. There are tons of people in this sublime comedy. Sometimes artists do their best work up front. I like Woody Allen's first three pictures the best(What's Up Tiger Lily, Take the Money and Run, Bananas). I think this is the case here. Guest hit gold. Great script, terrific performances by an incredible ensemble cast. A near genius(I'm gonna steal one of the other reviewer's word here because it's so perfect, kudos and thanks) "turn" by JT Walsh delivering two of the greatest non sequiturs in film history(alas, another "great" dying so soon before his time like Warren Oates and Robert Shaw). Fabulous work by Martin Short, Teri Hatcher, J,T, Walsh, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Fran Drescher, Dan Schneider, Jason Gould, Wakter Olkewicz and seriously I could keep writing names for another 5 or 6 lines. There are tons of people in this sublime comedy. Its only drawbacks are that it has the misgivings of be made in the Eighties with all its trappings and a rather sloppy reunion scene(Bacon/McKean)that comes off as way too cloying. Other than that this is a rare comic treat for anyone who can see the cynical side of Hollywood. Its only drawbacks are that it has the misgivings of be made in the Eighties with all its trappings and a rather sloppy reunion scene(Bacon/McKean)that comes off as way too cloying. Other than that this is a rare comic treat for anyone who can see the cynical side of Hollywood. Someone said comparing this to The Player was like comparing Bagger Vance to Caddyshack. I'm not quite sure which one is suppose to be good and which is suppose to be sub-par. Caddyshack is a classic and so The Big Picture. I am a big, big fan of Altman and The Big Picture is even par with The Player. If either were more biting I would give the nod to The Big Picture. Though, Richard E Grant's performance is almost as good as Walsh's.Someone said comparing this to The Player was like comparing Bagger Vance to Caddyshack. I'm not quite sure which one is suppose to be good and which is suppose to be sub-par. Caddyshack is a classic and so The Big Picture. I am a big, big fan of Altman and The Big Picture is even par with The Player. If either were more biting I would give the nod to The Big Picture. Though, Richard E Grant's performance is almost as good as Walsh's.Nick's(Kevin Bacon)flights of fancy are hysterical. This is an inspired and unfortunately one-of-a-kind comedy.
 First of all, I have lost count of the ammount of times I have seen this movie but every time I watch it I get goose bumps. This is how affective the movie is.First of all, I have lost count of the ammount of times I have seen this movie but every time I watch it I get goose bumps. This is how affective the movie is.George C. Scott (of "Patton" fame) plays a composer who rents a house to live in while he teaches and tries to cope with tragedy. Soon the house begins to exhibit strange occurances and Mr. Scott begins to investige the house's history. This is all you need to know about the plot because anything else would ruin the film.George C. Scott (of "Patton" fame) plays a composer who rents a house to live in while he teaches and tries to cope with tragedy. Soon the house begins to exhibit strange occurances and Mr. Scott begins to investige the house's history. This is all you need to know about the plot because anything else would ruin the film.This movie is all about atmosphere. There are no scenes of gore and slaughter like so many big budget horror films nowadays. This film does not need to gross the viewer out. The Changeling simply tells a great story as the viewer learns about the house and witnesses the haunting at the same time as the characters. You are pulled into this film because it entertains and frightens with ease. There is nothing "in your face" about the scares. This movie is all about atmosphere. There are no scenes of gore and slaughter like so many big budget horror films nowadays. This film does not need to gross the viewer out. The Changeling simply tells a great story as the viewer learns about the house and witnesses the haunting at the same time as the characters. You are pulled into this film because it entertains and frightens with ease. There is nothing "in your face" about the scares. This film is for fans of the 1960's film "The Haunting" or anyone who just enjoys a good ghost story. Don't even bother to rent it because it cheap enough to buy and I guarantee you'll watch it more than once. I have recommended it to many people and I never heard a negative comment. For the full effect, wait until night to watch it and then watch it alone. See how many times you glance over your shoulder. 
 One of the productions of which he is the most proud, Robert Redford's ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN should be required viewing (and the Woodward/Bernstein book should be required reading) for all who aspire to the profession of journalist.  Redford was fascinated with the story of two young, untested newspaper reporters who worked and worked and worked the story of the Watergate break-in until it led to the highest office in the United States.  Redford's involvement actually went back to the first news of the bungled burglary, so he followed as the story developed.  He got to know Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein when they were still at ground level, still unsure as to where this would all lead, but all three knew that it smelled of very big dirty politics.  One of the productions of which he is the most proud, Robert Redford's ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN should be required viewing (and the Woodward/Bernstein book should be required reading) for all who aspire to the profession of journalist.  Redford was fascinated with the story of two young, untested newspaper reporters who worked and worked and worked the story of the Watergate break-in until it led to the highest office in the United States.  Redford's involvement actually went back to the first news of the bungled burglary, so he followed as the story developed.  He got to know Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein when they were still at ground level, still unsure as to where this would all lead, but all three knew that it smelled of very big dirty politics.  Redford has always been a political animal, with a reporter's instinct, and several times he has been able to bring a story to the screen to illuminate the American political climate.  Earlier, he and director Michael Ritchie had made THE CANDIDATE, a very funny and acid look at how politics changes even the most well-meaning of men or women (and a film well worth your time).    It took two years of hard work to get ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN off the ground.  It was turned down by several studios, with the excuse that people were tired of Watergate, but he was finally able to get Warner Bros. to say yes, provided Redford himself would star.  Redford has always been a political animal, with a reporter's instinct, and several times he has been able to bring a story to the screen to illuminate the American political climate.  Earlier, he and director Michael Ritchie had made THE CANDIDATE, a very funny and acid look at how politics changes even the most well-meaning of men or women (and a film well worth your time).    It took two years of hard work to get ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN off the ground.  It was turned down by several studios, with the excuse that people were tired of Watergate, but he was finally able to get Warner Bros. to say yes, provided Redford himself would star.  Dustin Hoffman was enlisted to play Carl Bernstein, Redford's old friend Jason Robards won an Oscar as Washington Post Editor-In-Chief Ben Bradlee, Jack Warden was cast as Editor Harry Rosenfeld, Martin Balsam was Editor Howard Simons, Jane Alexander was Judy Hoback, bookkeeper to the Committee to Re-Elect the President (C.R.E.E.P.), Ned Beatty was Martin Dardis, who provided an incriminating piece of hard evidence, Stephen Collins was Hugh Sloan, whose wife Debbie (played by Meredith Baxter) kept his conscience working on the right side, Robert Walden (who would go on the the fine television series LOU GRANT) was Dirty Trickster Donald Segretti, and Hal Holbrook was given the pivotal role worthy of any spy story:  the mysterious Deep Throat, who helped Woodward along in a darkened parking garage whenever the trail led to a brick wall.  Of course, we now know that Deep Throat was the FBI's Assistant Director W. Mark Felt, an old friend of Woodward's and a man torn between his loyalty to the FBI and the need to shed light on some very dirty goings-on.  Dustin Hoffman was enlisted to play Carl Bernstein, Redford's old friend Jason Robards won an Oscar as Washington Post Editor-In-Chief Ben Bradlee, Jack Warden was cast as Editor Harry Rosenfeld, Martin Balsam was Editor Howard Simons, Jane Alexander was Judy Hoback, bookkeeper to the Committee to Re-Elect the President (C.R.E.E.P.), Ned Beatty was Martin Dardis, who provided an incriminating piece of hard evidence, Stephen Collins was Hugh Sloan, whose wife Debbie (played by Meredith Baxter) kept his conscience working on the right side, Robert Walden (who would go on the the fine television series LOU GRANT) was Dirty Trickster Donald Segretti, and Hal Holbrook was given the pivotal role worthy of any spy story:  the mysterious Deep Throat, who helped Woodward along in a darkened parking garage whenever the trail led to a brick wall.  Of course, we now know that Deep Throat was the FBI's Assistant Director W. Mark Felt, an old friend of Woodward's and a man torn between his loyalty to the FBI and the need to shed light on some very dirty goings-on.  Redford asked Alan J. Pakula to direct and Gordon Willis to handle the cinematography, and they crafted a look that is part documentary, part thriller. (If you get a chance, also see Pakula and Willis' THE PARALLAX VIEW, starring Warren Beatty.  Another outstanding, scary political film.)  William Goldman, who won an Oscar for BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID, wrote the tight, exciting screenplay for which he won again (this was actually the fourth time Redford and Goldman had worked together; Goldman also adapted Donald E. Westlake's THE HOT ROCK, a very funny caper film, and the poignant THE GREAT WALDO PEPPER, which was out for a short time on DVD in Pan and Scan, but is now out of print and really should be seen in its beautiful Widescreen splendor.  Universal, where are you?)Redford asked Alan J. Pakula to direct and Gordon Willis to handle the cinematography, and they crafted a look that is part documentary, part thriller. (If you get a chance, also see Pakula and Willis' THE PARALLAX VIEW, starring Warren Beatty.  Another outstanding, scary political film.)  William Goldman, who won an Oscar for BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID, wrote the tight, exciting screenplay for which he won again (this was actually the fourth time Redford and Goldman had worked together; Goldman also adapted Donald E. Westlake's THE HOT ROCK, a very funny caper film, and the poignant THE GREAT WALDO PEPPER, which was out for a short time on DVD in Pan and Scan, but is now out of print and really should be seen in its beautiful Widescreen splendor.  Universal, where are you?)The efforts of all the principals to adhere to reality down to the smallest detail makes ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN a smashing success.  It succeeds as an exciting, suspenseful procedural, as a statement on the neccessity of a free press, as a character study, and as a great movie-movie.  The efforts of all the principals to adhere to reality down to the smallest detail makes ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN a smashing success.  It succeeds as an exciting, suspenseful procedural, as a statement on the neccessity of a free press, as a character study, and as a great movie-movie.  The double-disc DVD set is the one to buy:  the first disc includes a new transfer of the film in crisp, clean 1:85 aspect ratio picture and sound with a very enlightening commentary by Redford himself.  The second contains three new short documentaries on the making of the film, on Woodward and Bernstein, and on Deep Throat.  There is also a vintage 1976 documentary on the making of the film, and an interview with Jason Robards on the Dinah Shore show.The double-disc DVD set is the one to buy:  the first disc includes a new transfer of the film in crisp, clean 1:85 aspect ratio picture and sound with a very enlightening commentary by Redford himself.  The second contains three new short documentaries on the making of the film, on Woodward and Bernstein, and on Deep Throat.  There is also a vintage 1976 documentary on the making of the film, and an interview with Jason Robards on the Dinah Shore show.A deserved landmark in film and in journalism, ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN is a must-see and for all who aspire to what journalism should be, a must-own.  In our darkest hour, when all seems obfuscated and hopeless, it reminds us that light can be brought to bear.  People CAN make a difference
 Peter Palmer and Leslie Parrish are excellent in this fun, politically skewering musical comedy. The songs are upbeat fun, especially "Put Em Back" sung by the wives of the new muscle men who express no interest in their mates
 LIL ABNER is a delightful comedy-musical with stronger emphasis on comedy than most movie musicals.  This film version of the Broadway hit musical that was based on the legendary comic strip looks fantastic on DVD in a beautiful print with it's comic book coloring.  It's also superbly cast.  The film's producers did take a risk hiring two unknowns to play Lil Abner and Daisy Mae - Peter Palmer (who starred in the Broadway show) and Leslie Parrish - but they are perfectly cast and excellent in the roles (it's hard to picture any major male movie stars of the period as Abner anyway, although Daisy Mae might have been played by a number of buxom blondes of the era). It's a shame neither Palmer or Parrish went on to much movie work after this although both were quite active guest starring on television for many years. Both are mighty fine delectable representations of their sexes appeals, as the Dogpatch crowd might say.  LIL ABNER is a delightful comedy-musical with stronger emphasis on comedy than most movie musicals.  This film version of the Broadway hit musical that was based on the legendary comic strip looks fantastic on DVD in a beautiful print with it's comic book coloring.  It's also superbly cast.  The film's producers did take a risk hiring two unknowns to play Lil Abner and Daisy Mae - Peter Palmer (who starred in the Broadway show) and Leslie Parrish - but they are perfectly cast and excellent in the roles (it's hard to picture any major male movie stars of the period as Abner anyway, although Daisy Mae might have been played by a number of buxom blondes of the era). It's a shame neither Palmer or Parrish went on to much movie work after this although both were quite active guest starring on television for many years. Both are mighty fine delectable representations of their sexes appeals, as the Dogpatch crowd might say.  It's true that perhaps only a few of the songs are memorable - notably "Jublian P. Cornpone", "A Typical Day in Dogpatch", and "Put 'em Back The Way They Was" which is sung by five hillbilly cuties including the very young Valerie Harper ("Rhoda") and Beth Howland ("Alice") but most of the songs are good-humored  and enthusically put over by the cast and dancers most of whom were in the original Broadway show.  Jerry Lewis has a funny walk-on cameo and the gorgeous Julie Newmar and Stella Stevens have amusing secondary roles. Most of the ladies in the picture are making their film debuts here, including Donna Douglas as the busty hillbilly girl (a few years before becoming famous as one on THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES) who wants "to broaden our horizons" and is informed by Mammy Yokum (superbly played by Billie Hayes) that she her horizons is broaden enough.  There's quite a bit of political satire in here as well (with politicans with such apt names as Mayor Dogmeat and Senator Jack S. Phigbound) and the Sadie Hawkins Day sequence (a Dogpatch storyline that became a pop culture phenomeon of it's own with many high schools for years having an annual  "Sadie Hawkins Dance" in where girls would be the ones to ask guys for a date years before this was considered "acceptable") is a lot of fun.  But then so is the movie.  As a Yoakam says when they really mean it - "I Has Spoken!"
 I saw this movie before I read the books. The books are much funnier, and contain so much more than was able to be put into the film. Still, I liked the film and especially Baby Sunny. I thought Jim Carey was an excellent mad uncle after the family treasure and his facial expressions (as always) brought the character to life. I think that even though many things were cut from the first three books of a long series in order to put it all into a feature length film, the essence of the story was captured, and is entertaining. But I do recommend reading the Series before or after watching the film
 "Haunted Castle" and "Alien Adventure" are great, but the concept and dimensional enjoyment of "Encounter in the Third Dimension" makes it better than the other two.  The film is an excellent way of showing how 3D started and how it works with lots of prime examples thrown in, other than the entire movie itself.  I do wish the mine ride was longer though (the one which ends with the big, round, stone ball slamming into the tunnel) and there was more shown of the T3 Experience.  Sure, the Jules Verne "Journey to the Center of the Earth" ride certainly makes up for it, but the effects in the shorter example were awesome, like the bats.  Best of all, the film doesn't look all that dated CGI wise for a 1998 production.  Now I've definitely got to get the sequel "Misadventures in 3D" DVD.  Noticed something stupid in the credits for "Encounter".  Instead of saying "Cassandra Peterson as Elvira, Mistress of the Dark", it redundantly reads, "Elvira as Elvira, Mistress of the Dark".  Unlike the other 3D IMAX films, this one is good either in stereo depth form or 2D wise.  Of course, the best is 3D since that is the whole point of the story anyway.  I highly recommend this movie to all 3D collectors
 That this film is dedicated to the memory of David Maysles should tell you all you need to know about what's in store. Along with his brother Albert, David Maysles created some of the most groundbreaking and fascinating documentaries of the 60's and 70's ("Gimme Shelter," "Salesman," "Grey Gardens"), and Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky did a fabulous job here of carrying on the stylistic tradition. The story of the poor and semi-literate Ward brothers is touching and engrossing, despite the squalor in which they lived, and this early 90's legal case is a significant study in cultural assumptions and regional justice. Absorbing, and worth owning.That this film is dedicated to the memory of David Maysles should tell you all you need to know about what's in store. Along with his brother Albert, David Maysles created some of the most groundbreaking and fascinating documentaries of the 60's and 70's ("Gimme Shelter," "Salesman," "Grey Gardens"), and Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky did a fabulous job here of carrying on the stylistic tradition. The story of the poor and semi-literate Ward brothers is touching and engrossing, despite the squalor in which they lived, and this early 90's legal case is a significant study in cultural assumptions and regional justice. Absorbing, and worth owning.This 10th anniversary edition packs on a host of extras, but just an FYI: The "Product Detail" here on Amazon that suggests that this 'stars' Connie Chung is wildly inaccurate; she did a piece on the Ward brothers which we see them watching on a TV for a couple of minutes, and that's all. She never physically appears in this film
 Lets face it Woodey Allen has produced so much a few of his things sort of slip past some of us.  I have found this one did for many people. Lets face it Woodey Allen has produced so much a few of his things sort of slip past some of us.  I have found this one did for many people. It's the kind of movie you watch more then once you have to wonder did the actors fill in some of those lines 'improv' or were those w. allens?
 Love this DVD SO much! The actors are super, and the story is hilarious!If you liked the first one, GET this one
 I was not in a rush to get this, almost forgot I ordered it, so it was a delight when it arrived, thank you very much for a smooth and speedy transaction
 The first thing you will notice with this one is the strange animation. It's hard to even describe really... But expect some disoriented backgrounds with some CGI thrown in. The plot however, is excellent. The main focus is about a author is going around collecting ghost stories. He constantly runs into a trio of outlawish justice seekers. They do what is called "committing" someone for their sins. These first 4 episodes deal with single episode told stories but all are great. This anime is highly reccomended for the horror fans out there
 This volume gets right to the heart of the plot, and raises important questions. Who really is Gohda? Where is the next refugee threat coming from? Who tried to kill the Prime Minster, and what roll does he play in the Individual Eleven? Is there a terrorist virus causing another stand alone complex? Can Togusa finds his way clear of criminal charges? Also, we all know The Major, but what of her past?This volume gets right to the heart of the plot, and raises important questions. Who really is Gohda? Where is the next refugee threat coming from? Who tried to kill the Prime Minster, and what roll does he play in the Individual Eleven? Is there a terrorist virus causing another stand alone complex? Can Togusa finds his way clear of criminal charges? Also, we all know The Major, but what of her past?Disc: 4 episodes in Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound (English and Japanese)Disc: 4 episodes in Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound (English and Japanese)Episodes:1. Ambivalence2. Trial3. Affection4. Selecon4. SeleconUpcoming Releases:Ghost in the Shell: SAC Official Log 1 - scheduled release date 10/25/05Ghost in the Shell: SAC 2nd GIG Vol. 3 - scheduled release date 1/26/06Ghost in the Shell: SAC 2nd GIG Vol. 3 - scheduled release date 1/26/06NOTE - If you see any anime items for sale that seem to cheap, they are BOOTLEGS. DO NOT BUY!
 Lady and the Trap has been an enduring Disney classic for 50 years now and it's amazing how well it holds up after all that time.  The hand painted animation is beautiful and the story and music are top notch.  This film is an example of Disney animation at its classic best.  Lady and the Trap has been an enduring Disney classic for 50 years now and it's amazing how well it holds up after all that time.  The hand painted animation is beautiful and the story and music are top notch.  This film is an example of Disney animation at its classic best.  But calling Lady and the Tramp a great animated film is really selling it short.  It's a great MOVIE, period.  Lady's idyllic life is shattered and bad boy Tramp comes to her rescue.  While he begins his relationship with Lady in the dog house (sorry, couldn't resist), he slowly redeems himself in her eyes and love conquers all in the end.  If you've seen any romantic comedies from the last several years and compare it to this movie you'll realize that a story about two dogs is actually more romantic and more funny than virtually any similar film featuring humans.  Watch Lady and the Tramp and you'll know why this film is still so loved after 50 years.But calling Lady and the Tramp a great animated film is really selling it short.  It's a great MOVIE, period.  Lady's idyllic life is shattered and bad boy Tramp comes to her rescue.  While he begins his relationship with Lady in the dog house (sorry, couldn't resist), he slowly redeems himself in her eyes and love conquers all in the end.  If you've seen any romantic comedies from the last several years and compare it to this movie you'll realize that a story about two dogs is actually more romantic and more funny than virtually any similar film featuring humans.  Watch Lady and the Tramp and you'll know why this film is still so loved after 50 years.
 I have been a casual fan of the radio version of "Prairie Home Companion" for decades, although I seldom listen to more than 30 minutes of it at a time, usually only if I am driving somewhere on a Saturday afternoon when it is being broadcast. I read seven or eight reviews of the movie before getting around to seeing it, and while most critics kind of liked it, there were a few grumbles. However, I thought the film was excellent, and the fantasy sequences which bother some people were needed to cut down on the sweet and nostalgic elements that bring the radio show its steady fans. I liked all the casting, too. Robert Altman is not a favorite director, but when he is good, he is very good, as in "M*A*S*H* and "Nashville." When he is bad, he is terrible. But here, I thought he done good. Same with Garrison K. I trashed his recent novel in an Amazon review, but I liked him in this.
 This is the best film I've seen in perhaps six months or more.  The direction by Turkish/Italian director Ferzan Ozpetek is consistently interesting, intriguing, beguiling and ultimately satisfying both emotionally and intellectually.  The film is beautifully cut, and the acting, particularly by the fascinating Giovanna Mezzogiorno who plays the young mother of two whose name is also Giovanna, is first rate.  This is the best film I've seen in perhaps six months or more.  The direction by Turkish/Italian director Ferzan Ozpetek is consistently interesting, intriguing, beguiling and ultimately satisfying both emotionally and intellectually.  The film is beautifully cut, and the acting, particularly by the fascinating Giovanna Mezzogiorno who plays the young mother of two whose name is also Giovanna, is first rate.  The story begins in a bakery during World War II when Davide Veroli (Massimo Girotti) is a baker's apprentice.  We see him among the great earthen ovens and the warm loaves as he makes what appears to be a sprint out of the cave-like establishment.  But he is pounced upon by the baker.  They wrestle, a knife is grabbed and apparently the baker falls and there is blood on Davide's hands as he runs out into the streets.The story begins in a bakery during World War II when Davide Veroli (Massimo Girotti) is a baker's apprentice.  We see him among the great earthen ovens and the warm loaves as he makes what appears to be a sprint out of the cave-like establishment.  But he is pounced upon by the baker.  They wrestle, a knife is grabbed and apparently the baker falls and there is blood on Davide's hands as he runs out into the streets.Cut to modern times as Giovanna and her working-class husband, Filippo (Filippo Nigro) are crossing a bridge in the city.  They meet an old man who seems lost and disoriented.  He can't remember his name and he has no identification.  Filippo takes pity on him and against his wife's wishes takes him home with them to their apartment.  We know because of the man's age that the mystery of who he is has something to do with the men in the bakery scene from World War II.Cut to modern times as Giovanna and her working-class husband, Filippo (Filippo Nigro) are crossing a bridge in the city.  They meet an old man who seems lost and disoriented.  He can't remember his name and he has no identification.  Filippo takes pity on him and against his wife's wishes takes him home with them to their apartment.  We know because of the man's age that the mystery of who he is has something to do with the men in the bakery scene from World War II.But his story is only tangential to the central story of the film which is about Giovanna's brief affair with the man next door, Lorenzo (Raoul Bova), whose apartment window faces hers.  This is a love story, a bitter-sweet one--which all great love stories should be in some sense, since life itself is bittersweet.  It is framed by, and contrasted with, another love story, that involving the older man from many years ago.But his story is only tangential to the central story of the film which is about Giovanna's brief affair with the man next door, Lorenzo (Raoul Bova), whose apartment window faces hers.  This is a love story, a bitter-sweet one--which all great love stories should be in some sense, since life itself is bittersweet.  It is framed by, and contrasted with, another love story, that involving the older man from many years ago.The tension in the film revolves around the resolution of the affair between the married Giovanna and the handsome man who will soon be leaving the city.  Will she abandon her marriage and her family for the excitement of a new man?  Because the police can find out nothing about the old man, and because Giovanna's heart softens toward him, and because he is an elegant man of refinement, especially in the pastry arts--Giovanna's dream is to be a pastry chef--the man is allowed to stay for a while and the two are drawn together into friendship, the old man and the young woman.  The tension in the film revolves around the resolution of the affair between the married Giovanna and the handsome man who will soon be leaving the city.  Will she abandon her marriage and her family for the excitement of a new man?  Because the police can find out nothing about the old man, and because Giovanna's heart softens toward him, and because he is an elegant man of refinement, especially in the pastry arts--Giovanna's dream is to be a pastry chef--the man is allowed to stay for a while and the two are drawn together into friendship, the old man and the young woman.  That's enough of the plot--the development, the denouement, and the resolution of which are beautifully realized in both an artistic and an emotional sense.  Instead let me say that the feel of modern Italy with its racial tensions and its old world versus new world differences are nicely expressed as the past makes itself felt on the present.  The dialogue is wonderfully expressive and gives us the sense of authenticity and the kind of realistic effect seen only in the very best films.  This is the first film directed by Ozpetek that I have seen, but it won't be the last.That's enough of the plot--the development, the denouement, and the resolution of which are beautifully realized in both an artistic and an emotional sense.  Instead let me say that the feel of modern Italy with its racial tensions and its old world versus new world differences are nicely expressed as the past makes itself felt on the present.  The dialogue is wonderfully expressive and gives us the sense of authenticity and the kind of realistic effect seen only in the very best films.  This is the first film directed by Ozpetek that I have seen, but it won't be the last.But see this for Giovanna Mezzogiorno whose beautiful and expressive eyes and natural demeanor will hold you to the screen
 This film is a real delight, but it also has a message about our consumer culture. Don't miss the deleted scenes: I'm sorry the director cut out the "saints in the loft" in particular -- what a powerful image! But it's there on the DVD -- so enjoy this marvelous charmer of a film
 This is a very good, well made dvd which is fulled of idea to prepare dinner for your family.
   I bought this at (yep, you guessed it) the grocery store, which was a very clever marketing concept on Martha's part. There was only one DVD left. It contained Classic recipes for chicken, beef, fish, vegetarian and other main dishes. If you think you ALREADY know how to make classic, everyday dishes such as meatloaf, think again - because Martha's variations may put a whole new twist on your usual standards. Her use of fresh herbs truly does make a difference and the glaze on her meatloaf was one I hadn't tried before. My family loved it.   I bought this at (yep, you guessed it) the grocery store, which was a very clever marketing concept on Martha's part. There was only one DVD left. It contained Classic recipes for chicken, beef, fish, vegetarian and other main dishes. If you think you ALREADY know how to make classic, everyday dishes such as meatloaf, think again - because Martha's variations may put a whole new twist on your usual standards. Her use of fresh herbs truly does make a difference and the glaze on her meatloaf was one I hadn't tried before. My family loved it.     There is also a section with Bloopers (yes, Martha's mistakes or mishaps while filming a scene - slips, falls, etc). There are 12 different cupcake variations and an extra section on kitchen tips (I learned plenty of new things from this section).     I have to admit that I looked at the Bloopers section first, intrigued by the idea of actually seeing Martha make mistakes.. and I only wish there were more of those. They were funny, especially the one showing Martha pulling an X-rated carrot from her garden. You'll have to buy the DVD to see the rest. It is a very short section, however.    I have to admit that I looked at the Bloopers section first, intrigued by the idea of actually seeing Martha make mistakes.. and I only wish there were more of those. They were funny, especially the one showing Martha pulling an X-rated carrot from her garden. You'll have to buy the DVD to see the rest. It is a very short section, however.    Then I watched the DVD from start to finish and marveled at the quality of the production, as well as HOW MUCH information was packed into this DVD. From start to finish, each recipe was demonstrated clearly. I intend to use this one with my youngest child because it is a perfect introduction to some classic recipes, from roast chicken to meatloaf. They may not be made the way you are used to making them but in one case that was an advantage...the meatloaf recipe was far better than my standard version and the glaze was delicious (do be aware of your oven's peculiarities, however, and cover the top to keep the glaze from burning; uncover just long enough to brown). It would be best, of course, to use an oven thermometer and know your oven's actual temperature since 350 in one oven may not be 350 in another - those dials may be inaccurate.   Then I watched the DVD from start to finish and marveled at the quality of the production, as well as HOW MUCH information was packed into this DVD. From start to finish, each recipe was demonstrated clearly. I intend to use this one with my youngest child because it is a perfect introduction to some classic recipes, from roast chicken to meatloaf. They may not be made the way you are used to making them but in one case that was an advantage...the meatloaf recipe was far better than my standard version and the glaze was delicious (do be aware of your oven's peculiarities, however, and cover the top to keep the glaze from burning; uncover just long enough to brown). It would be best, of course, to use an oven thermometer and know your oven's actual temperature since 350 in one oven may not be 350 in another - those dials may be inaccurate.   But don't make the mistake of thinking this is only for beginning cooks (although it'd be a perfect housewarming gift for the college graduate who is just setting up house). There are plenty of new recipes, especially a squash casserole which I am dying to try on my vegetarian friends, after having tested it on my family and getting rave reviews. In fact, one of the nicest sections of this DVD was the Vegetarian one. Each of those recipes looked delicious.  But don't make the mistake of thinking this is only for beginning cooks (although it'd be a perfect housewarming gift for the college graduate who is just setting up house). There are plenty of new recipes, especially a squash casserole which I am dying to try on my vegetarian friends, after having tested it on my family and getting rave reviews. In fact, one of the nicest sections of this DVD was the Vegetarian one. Each of those recipes looked delicious.   Martha's mother is featured in some of the segments and that was a pleasant surprise. She and Martha chat as they cook and the whole atmosphere is nice and casual.     Martha's mother is featured in some of the segments and that was a pleasant surprise. She and Martha chat as they cook and the whole atmosphere is nice and casual.     No matter what you may think of Martha Stewart, this DVD is a top-notch, quality production with tons of useful info.    No matter what you may think of Martha Stewart, this DVD is a top-notch, quality production with tons of useful info.    The DVD can also be inserted in a computer to get a list of menus and other features.    The DVD can also be inserted in a computer to get a list of menus and other features.  
 Often overlooked, Robert Altman's 'The Long Goodbye' is arguably one of THE films exemplifying the 1970s and, although far less dark, ranks alongside Antonioni's 'The Passenger'.Often overlooked, Robert Altman's 'The Long Goodbye' is arguably one of THE films exemplifying the 1970s and, although far less dark, ranks alongside Antonioni's 'The Passenger'.Propelling Marlowe into the opulent, 'promise' of the west coast 1970s USA, Altman allows the story to unfold around a classic murder, mystery story and the stunning cast help to create an atmosphere of parochial 'goings-on' that can subsequently be seen in the works of David Lynch, Tarrantino and, more recently, the 'Sopranos'.  The late, great Sterling Hayden gives an unforgetable, bullying, volatile King Lear-like performance as the ageing, impotent, alcoholic writer, and Mark Rydell's 'dangerous' violent character anticipates that which Martin Scorsese and Joe Pesci create latterly in Goodfellas/Casino. Moreover, there's an uncredited cameo appearance of a moustachioed Arnold (Schwarzenneger) as a 'heavy'. Propelling Marlowe into the opulent, 'promise' of the west coast 1970s USA, Altman allows the story to unfold around a classic murder, mystery story and the stunning cast help to create an atmosphere of parochial 'goings-on' that can subsequently be seen in the works of David Lynch, Tarrantino and, more recently, the 'Sopranos'.  The late, great Sterling Hayden gives an unforgetable, bullying, volatile King Lear-like performance as the ageing, impotent, alcoholic writer, and Mark Rydell's 'dangerous' violent character anticipates that which Martin Scorsese and Joe Pesci create latterly in Goodfellas/Casino. Moreover, there's an uncredited cameo appearance of a moustachioed Arnold (Schwarzenneger) as a 'heavy'. However its Elliiot's Gould's brilliant (Oscar deserving) performance as Philip Marlowe that helps to  seal this film's status into the canon of GREAT films. Gould creates a sharp, amiable, chain-smoking, wise-cracking 70s detective whose 'quirky-alone' livestyle allow him the freedom to give his own Chandleresque, talking-to-himself dialogue (...'it's alright by me...') whilst interacting with a diverse range of characters within the narrative. With respect to this, there's the continual variation of the haunting melody, 'The Long Goodbye' that is re-worked throughout the film thus floating the narrative structure within changing and moving events and themes yet anchoring it to the overall thread of the story itself.Gould creates a sharp, amiable, chain-smoking, wise-cracking 70s detective whose 'quirky-alone' livestyle allow him the freedom to give his own Chandleresque, talking-to-himself dialogue (...'it's alright by me...') whilst interacting with a diverse range of characters within the narrative. With respect to this, there's the continual variation of the haunting melody, 'The Long Goodbye' that is re-worked throughout the film thus floating the narrative structure within changing and moving events and themes yet anchoring it to the overall thread of the story itself.Altman's direction is that of a genius at work: the back-drop of the oceanic tug and wash of the tide as seen through the windows of the seductive though manipulative Eilleen Wade's windows (Nina Van Pallandt), together with slightly surreal and erotic appartment  setting of Marlowe's flat make this film unforgetable. There's also the tension associated with the 'journeys' to Mexico: a theme used in more recent (great) films including 'Lone Star'; 'Traffic'; and, 'The Three burials of Melquiades  Estrada'. Who can deny the impact of the opening 'cat' scene and the final 'chapter' of the film  set within the avenue of trees; the 'oh-too-late' figure of Eileen Wade heading in the opposite direction to Marlowe who ironically celebrates his parochial sense of closure by playing the minature harmonica.Altman's direction is that of a genius at work: the back-drop of the oceanic tug and wash of the tide as seen through the windows of the seductive though manipulative Eilleen Wade's windows (Nina Van Pallandt), together with slightly surreal and erotic appartment  setting of Marlowe's flat make this film unforgetable. There's also the tension associated with the 'journeys' to Mexico: a theme used in more recent (great) films including 'Lone Star'; 'Traffic'; and, 'The Three burials of Melquiades  Estrada'. Who can deny the impact of the opening 'cat' scene and the final 'chapter' of the film  set within the avenue of trees; the 'oh-too-late' figure of Eileen Wade heading in the opposite direction to Marlowe who ironically celebrates his parochial sense of closure by playing the minature harmonica. If ever a film rated as a '6' for special merit and sheer enjoyment then this is one of the elite few deserving of such an award! I urge you to watch or re-watch this film and savour a work of pure genius. As a commentator and fan of such a seminal film, I can only hope that Robert Altman and-or Elliot Gould can provide a commentary-enhanced (Criterion edition )DVD
 I could watch this over and over again! It's so funny! The person who dissed women's manly handshakes is a sexist! But anyway, I would seriously recommend buying this if you want something funny to watch! Definitely 5 stars and your kids would probably like it too.....for one viewing per 5 months. Don't force it on them is my advice!!Rock o
 WOW! THE PLANE CRASHES AND THE STORY GOES ON THE STARNGE ISLAND. THE SURIVIORS, THE KILLERS, AND OTHERS...WHO IS WHO BEFORE THE CRASH, AND WHO BECOMES WHAT AFTER THE CRASH.  WOW! THE PLANE CRASHES AND THE STORY GOES ON THE STARNGE ISLAND. THE SURIVIORS, THE KILLERS, AND OTHERS...WHO IS WHO BEFORE THE CRASH, AND WHO BECOMES WHAT AFTER THE CRASH.  LOST START AS SIMPLE TALE OF AIR CRASH BUT AS THE STORY GOES FORWARD WE LEARN THE BACK STORY OF EACH SURVIVOR, THERE LINKS WITH OTHER SURVIVORS  AND WHAT THE ISLAND HAS SHOWN THEM.LOST START AS SIMPLE TALE OF AIR CRASH BUT AS THE STORY GOES FORWARD WE LEARN THE BACK STORY OF EACH SURVIVOR, THERE LINKS WITH OTHER SURVIVORS  AND WHAT THE ISLAND HAS SHOWN THEM.END OF EACH EPISODE LEAVE YOU WITH A QUESTION MARK, WHICH GIVES YOU SLEEPLESS NIGHTS, AND SOMETIME DESTROY YOUR ATTENTION TO YOUR FELLOW MEN.END OF EACH EPISODE LEAVE YOU WITH A QUESTION MARK, WHICH GIVES YOU SLEEPLESS NIGHTS, AND SOMETIME DESTROY YOUR ATTENTION TO YOUR FELLOW MEN.GO ON AND GET LOST IN ONE OF THE BEST T.V THRILERS OF OUR TIME.
 What's so 'ugly' about this movie?  Because it depicts the truth?  To all you parents out there, this is exactly what teenagers do on a daily basis.  I know because I was once a teenager too, and this movie hits the mark.  This is what happens when parent's don't have a solid relationship with their kids.  This movie is not ugly, its just the straight up truth which most people don't like to recognize.  It's up to us as parents to guide our children in the right direction so this type of behavior can be minimized
 I loved Gone with the Wind.  This movie lets the lovers of Gone with the Wind know what happens.  It is a great ending.  But set your mind and be aware that the Rhett leaves something to be desired and Scarlett too...but it is a good movie and I love knowing the ending
 This is the sort of sequel that should have been made in the first place. The premise is sillier than the first film (which was pretty silly itself), but the characters are appealing and the action is streamlined and intense. Enjoy the ride and try to forget that "The Lost World" ever existed
 My girlfriend told me about this movie.  Up until then I have never heard about it.  This movie was alot better then I thought it would be.  I enjoyed every minute of it.  It kept me on my toes the entire time
  When I sat down to watch a movie called Three Woman with the knowledge that one of the three woman is Shelley Duvall, my first reaction was that I would be better off drinking a nice, tall glass of toilet water. But, that reaction was short lived. It is rare for me to enjoy a movie that I was determined to hate from the first second, but this movie forced me to pull a 180. The ominous feel of the movie gripped my attention within the first five minutes and never let go. It is a trance like movie. I found that I couldn't stop from watching yet, I didnt know why I was watching. Very bizzare, and very mezmerizing. Not a movie that will be enjoyed over and over however.
 9-11 was meticulously planned out by our government. If people do not believe me, go read and study that day like it was your babay and you'll find the truth. I was a bit skeptical at first as well. Now my eyes are open to the totalitarian states that we live in. This isn't the UNited States of America, this is the beginning of a NEw World Order. Don't believe me, we'll probably never know, because we'll be spoonfed our news on the war in Iraq by the Corporate Media that controls and censors what we see and DON'T SEE! Don't think so? You, along with millions of other ignorant idiots who choose to follow the war in Iraq by watching CNN (Censored News Network), or Fauxnews. It pains me that people still don't realize that there is no fight for democracy in Iraq. Its a fight for Imperial Ambitions, we need Iraq for Oil, and to set up a puppet government so it doesn't scare Israel, our ultra conservative evangelical christian politicians can sleep better knowing their holy land is out of the hands of "radical muslim fundamentalists." No one will know until people actually open up a damn book and read for yourself, instead of relying on "experts" who "know" what is going on. I thought we were intelligent people, us Americans? Most of you can't even figure out wat the problem really is. Its our corrupt government
 I am a big fan of the book and thought the film version did it justice.  Beautifully filmed; excellent performances
 I read the book in middle school and watched the movie shortly afterwards.  A few of the characters were switched around, but I was so impressed with the adaptation. A thriller that still makes me nervous and jumpy - the kids in the kitchen scene and when Mr. Arnold's arm drops on Ellie's shoulder as she's trying to turn the generator back on, for example. There have been countless lines I've memorized and quoted at appropriate and innapropriate times, due to my obsession.I read the book in middle school and watched the movie shortly afterwards.  A few of the characters were switched around, but I was so impressed with the adaptation. A thriller that still makes me nervous and jumpy - the kids in the kitchen scene and when Mr. Arnold's arm drops on Ellie's shoulder as she's trying to turn the generator back on, for example. There have been countless lines I've memorized and quoted at appropriate and innapropriate times, due to my obsession.And after watching it more than 25 times, I've come to appreciate it more. Great cast - Sam Neil is my favorite. Richard Attenborough is a little too cute and nice, but I liked his white clothing, the hat, and the amber cane. Wayne Knight was incredible as Nedry, the slob. He's as likeable as ever, though somewhat the villain. I always hate it when he dies. Jeff Goldblum fit the description of Ian Malcom from Crichton's novel well. Crichton sparked my interest in Chaos Theory, sometimes called The Butterfly Effect. I am a firm believer in it. And of course, in the novel and film, Malcolm was right. "Life finds a way..."  And after watching it more than 25 times, I've come to appreciate it more. Great cast - Sam Neil is my favorite. Richard Attenborough is a little too cute and nice, but I liked his white clothing, the hat, and the amber cane. Wayne Knight was incredible as Nedry, the slob. He's as likeable as ever, though somewhat the villain. I always hate it when he dies. Jeff Goldblum fit the description of Ian Malcom from Crichton's novel well. Crichton sparked my interest in Chaos Theory, sometimes called The Butterfly Effect. I am a firm believer in it. And of course, in the novel and film, Malcolm was right. "Life finds a way..."  (In Chaos Theory, the system is very sensitive to small changes in external conditions, and "random" --unpredictable-- events result from the "normal" equation/setup, because there is never a fixed set of outcomes; the system is unpredictable because of its complexity. Hammond thought his system was without error, that he was in complete control. He believed that the dinosaurs would fail to reproduce because all were engineered to be female, but he was wrong - the dinosaurs evolved because of the replacement amphibian DNA that was used to fill in the gaps in the dinosaur DNA. This DNA gave the dinosaurs the ability to change sex in order to reproduce, "survive," in a single-sex environment. And it turned out that Hammond was wrong about many other equations - things are not as black and white as he thought, and it is problematic to predict long-term behavior of his animals.)(In Chaos Theory, the system is very sensitive to small changes in external conditions, and "random" --unpredictable-- events result from the "normal" equation/setup, because there is never a fixed set of outcomes; the system is unpredictable because of its complexity. Hammond thought his system was without error, that he was in complete control. He believed that the dinosaurs would fail to reproduce because all were engineered to be female, but he was wrong - the dinosaurs evolved because of the replacement amphibian DNA that was used to fill in the gaps in the dinosaur DNA. This DNA gave the dinosaurs the ability to change sex in order to reproduce, "survive," in a single-sex environment. And it turned out that Hammond was wrong about many other equations - things are not as black and white as he thought, and it is problematic to predict long-term behavior of his animals.)Love the scene where the lawyer is eaten while sitting on the toilet.Love the scene where the lawyer is eaten while sitting on the toilet.We watched the Mr. DNA segment in a high school biology class. I've always thought it explained the process very well for something that is complicated (though I found Mr. Hammond's live speaking lines to be unrealistic...was he really planning to be there for each tour?).We watched the Mr. DNA segment in a high school biology class. I've always thought it explained the process very well for something that is complicated (though I found Mr. Hammond's live speaking lines to be unrealistic...was he really planning to be there for each tour?).The kids were kind of annoying. I didn't notice this until I was a little older, but Lex ("I prefer to be called a hacker") uses Silicon Graphics' 3D file system navigator to turn power back on in the park. Their logo is on the monitor. If only UNIX were as popular as Windows is now...The kids were kind of annoying. I didn't notice this until I was a little older, but Lex ("I prefer to be called a hacker") uses Silicon Graphics' 3D file system navigator to turn power back on in the park. Their logo is on the monitor. If only UNIX were as popular as Windows is now...Anyway, the soundtrack was classic - it was the first CD I bought, back in the mid-90s.  Tonya Harding skated to the theme at the 1994 Olympics, or some other competition. I only liked her because of her excellent music choice
 "Greetings" is an offbeat satire from a very young Brian De Palma starring an equally young Robert De Niro.  The vignettes focus on three friends.  First there is Jon Rubin (De Niro), an aspiring filmmaker who has the idea of creating "peep art."  This would consist of filming "private moments," and then letting people view them through tiny windows, thereby re-creating the Peeping Tom experience (more of this in De Palma's much better 1970 film, "Hi, Mom!").  However, if you are expecting to see an amazing performance by one of the great actors of his generation in an early film, you are going to be disappointed.  De Niro comes off as overly mannered and a bit forced in his performance, especially in comparison to his two co-stars.  His best moment is off-screen as he talks a woman through going to bed for his peep art (she repeatedly forgets not to talk).  But he is a lot better two years later and had a decent career, at least until he started making credit card commercials."Greetings" is an offbeat satire from a very young Brian De Palma starring an equally young Robert De Niro.  The vignettes focus on three friends.  First there is Jon Rubin (De Niro), an aspiring filmmaker who has the idea of creating "peep art."  This would consist of filming "private moments," and then letting people view them through tiny windows, thereby re-creating the Peeping Tom experience (more of this in De Palma's much better 1970 film, "Hi, Mom!").  However, if you are expecting to see an amazing performance by one of the great actors of his generation in an early film, you are going to be disappointed.  De Niro comes off as overly mannered and a bit forced in his performance, especially in comparison to his two co-stars.  His best moment is off-screen as he talks a woman through going to bed for his peep art (she repeatedly forgets not to talk).  But he is a lot better two years later and had a decent career, at least until he started making credit card commercials.First there is Lloyd Clay (Gerrit Graham), a conspiracy nut so obsessed with the JFK assassination that a half-naked woman sleeping in his bed is just another opportunity to show that the paths indicated by the bullet holes do not match up (unless JFK was shot while standing on his head).  Lloyd shares his deep, dark thoughts directly with the viewing audience as he argues vigorously to convince us he is right.  But sometimes he finds people in the real world to assault with his blow-ups from the Zapruder film that reduce the assassination to a Rorschach test.  Finally, we have Paul Gerald Shaw (Jonathan Warden), who would like to find the right girl.  His problem is that he has his induction physical and going to Vietnam will really hurt his love life.  Fortunately, Lloyd and Jon are fully of ideas as to how Paul can get the army to reject him, everything from pretending to be gay and coming on to the sergeant (Lloyd's idea) to volunteering to shoot not only the Vietcong but also any American troops of color (Jon's brainstorm).  First there is Lloyd Clay (Gerrit Graham), a conspiracy nut so obsessed with the JFK assassination that a half-naked woman sleeping in his bed is just another opportunity to show that the paths indicated by the bullet holes do not match up (unless JFK was shot while standing on his head).  Lloyd shares his deep, dark thoughts directly with the viewing audience as he argues vigorously to convince us he is right.  But sometimes he finds people in the real world to assault with his blow-ups from the Zapruder film that reduce the assassination to a Rorschach test.  Finally, we have Paul Gerald Shaw (Jonathan Warden), who would like to find the right girl.  His problem is that he has his induction physical and going to Vietnam will really hurt his love life.  Fortunately, Lloyd and Jon are fully of ideas as to how Paul can get the army to reject him, everything from pretending to be gay and coming on to the sergeant (Lloyd's idea) to volunteering to shoot not only the Vietcong but also any American troops of color (Jon's brainstorm).  There is no real narrative thread here, which is hardly a criticism because "Greetings" is more of an ancestor of "The Groove Tube," "Saturday Night Live," and "Second City TV" in the history of contemporary sketch comedy with a heavy satirical bent.  The difference is that what De Palma and his friends come up with in "Greetings" is more experimental guerilla theater than really polished sketch comedy.  But there is something compelling about its enthusiasm, which makes us forgive the filmmaker and his actors when things go on a bit too long.  De Palma has admitted to being influenced by Godard and the French "Nouvelle Vague" cinema, which inspired going out on the street and trying to improvise scenes (only they did not have enough film to improvise, so they ended up rehearsing most of the film to save money).   But even in this early work, De Palma is clearly into doing everything you can do with a movie camera (inter-titles, split-screen, slow-motion, fast-motion, etc.).There is no real narrative thread here, which is hardly a criticism because "Greetings" is more of an ancestor of "The Groove Tube," "Saturday Night Live," and "Second City TV" in the history of contemporary sketch comedy with a heavy satirical bent.  The difference is that what De Palma and his friends come up with in "Greetings" is more experimental guerilla theater than really polished sketch comedy.  But there is something compelling about its enthusiasm, which makes us forgive the filmmaker and his actors when things go on a bit too long.  De Palma has admitted to being influenced by Godard and the French "Nouvelle Vague" cinema, which inspired going out on the street and trying to improvise scenes (only they did not have enough film to improvise, so they ended up rehearsing most of the film to save money).   But even in this early work, De Palma is clearly into doing everything you can do with a movie camera (inter-titles, split-screen, slow-motion, fast-motion, etc.)."Greetings" is a historical footnote in cinematic history inasmuch as it was the first film in the U.S. to be given an "X" rating (later changed to "R," which is what it would qualify today because of some of the shots of nude women).  In terms of social history "Greetings" represents some of the counter-culture politics of the late 1960s.  It had been almost thirty years since I first saw "Greetings" and "Hi, Mom!"  Back then they constituted part of my first real exposure to radical thought in terms of what was out there on the streets.  If you see just one of these films, interested in how De Palma was cutting his teeth as a director before he made his name with "Carrie" and "Dressed to Kill," then "Hi, Mom!" is the choice (the "Black in America/Be Black Baby" bit is the must see segment of that satire).  But if you are interested in De Palma's career or counter-culture comedy from the late 1960s, then check them both out
 THis was the first scary movie I ever saw in the cinema, and it made a strong impression on me. The bathtub scenes were so eerie that I only took showers for a few years after I saw this movie at 15 - that is how much it scared me. I have since watched it as an adult and was able to keep it in healthier perspective, although I do have to say it is pretty scary and well done. Watching it many years later, I was surprised that it lacked a lot of the 70's cheese that you see in many films from that era. The carpet and some of the clothes were funny, but it didn't detract from the film. Glad I bought it
 This is a great family movie, a fresh take on enchantment stories. It's rather in the style of E. Nesbit's books, using contemporary references. I find it far superior to many of Disney's usual works. It's enjoyable for adults and kids
 Ella of Frell (Anne Hathaway) is an unusual child.  As a baby, a bumbling fairy godmother named Lucinda (Vivica A. Fox) gave her the gift of obedience.  Every time anyone gives her a direct command, she must obey.Ella of Frell (Anne Hathaway) is an unusual child.  As a baby, a bumbling fairy godmother named Lucinda (Vivica A. Fox) gave her the gift of obedience.  Every time anyone gives her a direct command, she must obey.Despite, or maybe because of, this "gift," Ella grows to be a headstrong woman.  She goes against the conventional wisdom of the realm when it comes to ogres, giants, and elves.  Current rules state that these creatures are dangerous and must perform certain jobs only.  But Ella campaigns for their equality.Despite, or maybe because of, this "gift," Ella grows to be a headstrong woman.  She goes against the conventional wisdom of the realm when it comes to ogres, giants, and elves.  Current rules state that these creatures are dangerous and must perform certain jobs only.  But Ella campaigns for their equality.She is also one of the few women in the realm who doesn't swoon at the site of Prince Char (Hugh Dancy).  When the two meet accidentally, Char finds this distain quite refreshing and immediately begins to fall for the headstrong young woman.She is also one of the few women in the realm who doesn't swoon at the site of Prince Char (Hugh Dancy).  When the two meet accidentally, Char finds this distain quite refreshing and immediately begins to fall for the headstrong young woman.Trouble is brewing at home, however.  Ella's stepsister Hattie (Lucy Punch) has figured out Ella's secret.  Now, Ella finds herself doing things she would never willing do.  So she leaves home and sets out to find Lucinda to give the gift back.Trouble is brewing at home, however.  Ella's stepsister Hattie (Lucy Punch) has figured out Ella's secret.  Now, Ella finds herself doing things she would never willing do.  So she leaves home and sets out to find Lucinda to give the gift back.I had missed seeing this movie in the theater, and finally got a chance to watch it.  I missed a real treat.  The movie is funny from start to finish, and I had a grin on my face the entire time.  While the story is a bit predictable, it isn't super preachy.  The cast does an amazing job bring their characters to life.  The only drawback to the movie is the special effects.  While some worked well, most of the time they weren't up to today's standards.I had missed seeing this movie in the theater, and finally got a chance to watch it.  I missed a real treat.  The movie is funny from start to finish, and I had a grin on my face the entire time.  While the story is a bit predictable, it isn't super preachy.  The cast does an amazing job bring their characters to life.  The only drawback to the movie is the special effects.  While some worked well, most of the time they weren't up to today's standards.While the main audience might be teen girls, this is one adult male who loved it.  It's sweet, charming, and entertaining.  What more could you want
 Get ready for this workout. The beginner DVD's are butt kickers for a 1/2 hour workout. The advanced DVD's are killer. I definitely got my money's worth with this set. There's no excuse not to be in better shape if you have this product.
 All about THE Benjamins is a funny @$$ movie.Mike Epps is funny. The  polt of the movie is very interesting and funny. I recomend that you watch it soon if you have not seen it yet.                                                      :)                                                      :)
 The series was always delightful because it was fun, done with panache and done with a little tongue in cheek. Pierce Brosnan was great and Stephanie Zimbalist was a wonderful partner. Loved 'em both. Nice to be able to see it again because I enjoyed it so much and because there is nothing on TV like it today.
 Once again the saga of Motoko Kusanagi refuses to fall into the popular mold - as manga, as a pair of feature films, and now a TV series, it combines the classic crowd pleasers of the science fiction of a not too distant time,  a topnotch group of secret agents, and a beautiful woman with a story line that isn't fraid to stop and contemplate the complicated world where the line between mechanical and human, program and soul, get crossed every day.Once again the saga of Motoko Kusanagi refuses to fall into the popular mold - as manga, as a pair of feature films, and now a TV series, it combines the classic crowd pleasers of the science fiction of a not too distant time,  a topnotch group of secret agents, and a beautiful woman with a story line that isn't fraid to stop and contemplate the complicated world where the line between mechanical and human, program and soul, get crossed every day.What you will see for most of these last few episodes is the dismantling of Section 9 when their efforts to get to the bottom of the Secretary General's plot result in danger to the nations politicians.  This invites retaliation and everyone goes undercover and, eventually, fall into the governments hands.  All the Laughing Man's efforts seem to come to naught and theire is every sign that this series is about to have a very nourish ending.What you will see for most of these last few episodes is the dismantling of Section 9 when their efforts to get to the bottom of the Secretary General's plot result in danger to the nations politicians.  This invites retaliation and everyone goes undercover and, eventually, fall into the governments hands.  All the Laughing Man's efforts seem to come to naught and theire is every sign that this series is about to have a very nourish ending.Well, all I'll tell you is that the ending is worth all the trauma of getting there.  These three episodes really focus on the characters of the Section 9 team in unexpected fashion.  And even the Tachikoma's make a reappearance.Well, all I'll tell you is that the ending is worth all the trauma of getting there.  These three episodes really focus on the characters of the Section 9 team in unexpected fashion.  And even the Tachikoma's make a reappearance.This has been a contemplative series.  First the ethical questions raised by the Laughing Man and human cyberization, then the even more difficult issues of what life is or can be.  In these episodes Kusanagi reveals a personal philosophy which is both chilling and evocative of the samurai code.  She is a modern Tomoe Gozen, unendingly loyal to Arimaki and fiercely defiant in battle.  This has been a contemplative series.  First the ethical questions raised by the Laughing Man and human cyberization, then the even more difficult issues of what life is or can be.  In these episodes Kusanagi reveals a personal philosophy which is both chilling and evocative of the samurai code.  She is a modern Tomoe Gozen, unendingly loyal to Arimaki and fiercely defiant in battle.  This has been a series with considerable depth that echoes but never slavishly imitates, the work that has gone before.  A fine piece of work from both an artistic and an entertainment point of view
 I like pretty much all of Annie Leibovitz's photography, and if you have noticed her work on magazine stands you'll probably enjoy the book too
 Its original idea challenges  us to look  in a new way at the things we don't have the answers for. Kevin Costner is Joe Darrow, an emergency doctor, who's pregnant wife Emily, also a doctor ,dies in a tragic accident in Venezuela while he's  in Chicago and trying desperately to reunite with her. Joe doesn't find her body and this leaves him haunted. His emotional pain is beyond belief, he buries himself in work. One day he remembers that Emily asked him to check on her paediatric cancer patients and he starts visiting them. Then unusual things begin to happen. The children who have had near-death experience have seen Emily and are trying to pass a message. Joe Darrow's already shattered world is now turned completely upside down. He is forced to change his beliefs. This is  dramatic and painful process and its end is a TRIUMPH of one of the greatest love stories ever told! Kevin Costner's performance as Joe Darrow is absolutely brilliant. His extraordinary talent shines in this complex and emotionally demanding role! Dragonfly is a profound film. Its magnificent end is  affirmation of life and a great inspiration. After all :"It's belief that gets us there"
 ok sue me,i love this piece of cheese from the 70's. a remake of sorts of the last man on earth,heston is a doctor who used a expermental sereum on himself after a bio war has wiped out most of the world. the people who are left are albinos who can't get out in the sun(i.e. vampires,as they were in the book), and they want heston to die for his crimes(he is free of the germ and was an army doctor so they blame him for the end of the world. heston spends his days tracking them and killing them and his nights whole up fighting off the mutants.  this was a staple of late night t.v. and for some reason the sunday afternoon movie. you can tell in the stunts that it's not heston and some of the speachs are well corny, but the movie even with it's down beat story is fun and can be scary for younger kids(still i would be very careful about letting young ones see it as it has some nude scenes in it)     the widescreen transfer is very good as is the sound and the extras are small but very nice
 SUNSET BOULEVARD is a drama that reveals the unsightly day-to-day world of forgotten and upcoming actors behind the pomp pretense. Joe Gillis (William Holden), a writer running from a pair of automobile repossessers, holds up in the garage of an apparently abandoned mansion on Sunset Boulevard. While walking around the dilapidated structures and evaporated pool, he is shocked to discover it's occupied by old silent-film star Norma Desmond (Gloria Swanson). SUNSET BOULEVARD is a drama that reveals the unsightly day-to-day world of forgotten and upcoming actors behind the pomp pretense. Joe Gillis (William Holden), a writer running from a pair of automobile repossessers, holds up in the garage of an apparently abandoned mansion on Sunset Boulevard. While walking around the dilapidated structures and evaporated pool, he is shocked to discover it's occupied by old silent-film star Norma Desmond (Gloria Swanson). Living with a devoted chauffeur, estranged from Hollywood and forgotten by fans, in Desmond's mind, she is still a star working on her next big roll in a script she has been scribbling for years. Knowing the script doesn't have a chance, as a writer, Joe looks at this as an opportunity to "fine tune" it to earn some extra cash. However, the working relationship is not all that tidy. It seems lonely Desmond is looking to sponsor a gigolo. His payment is a warm place to stay at night, a closet full of clothes, nice meals, private "parties," and Desmond's ever-present company.Living with a devoted chauffeur, estranged from Hollywood and forgotten by fans, in Desmond's mind, she is still a star working on her next big roll in a script she has been scribbling for years. Knowing the script doesn't have a chance, as a writer, Joe looks at this as an opportunity to "fine tune" it to earn some extra cash. However, the working relationship is not all that tidy. It seems lonely Desmond is looking to sponsor a gigolo. His payment is a warm place to stay at night, a closet full of clothes, nice meals, private "parties," and Desmond's ever-present company.If it were possible for Desmond's self-admiration to be supplanted by anything, it would be the possessiveness for Joe's affection. Young Joe needs a break from such austere surroundings and eventually goes out to a party with real people and meets a girl engaged to an old friend. Through a series of secret rendezvous they begin to collaborate on a script with real potential and, naturally, develop feelings for one another. The girl may be willing to sacrifice her engagement but breaking free from the tentacles on SUNSET BOULEVARD is a formidable challenge. If it were possible for Desmond's self-admiration to be supplanted by anything, it would be the possessiveness for Joe's affection. Young Joe needs a break from such austere surroundings and eventually goes out to a party with real people and meets a girl engaged to an old friend. Through a series of secret rendezvous they begin to collaborate on a script with real potential and, naturally, develop feelings for one another. The girl may be willing to sacrifice her engagement but breaking free from the tentacles on SUNSET BOULEVARD is a formidable challenge. With some of the most memorable quotes in Hollywod, this is a wonderfully produced "noir-comic" drama by Billy Wilder that well projects the intense emotions, not only of each character, but of the large group of people in the entertainment industry they represent. Other highly acclaimed movies that fit in with this genre are ALL ABOUT EVE, AN IMITATION OF LIFE, and WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO BABY JANE. A gem on the DVD extras is the history of fashion legend Edith Head.With some of the most memorable quotes in Hollywod, this is a wonderfully produced "noir-comic" drama by Billy Wilder that well projects the intense emotions, not only of each character, but of the large group of people in the entertainment industry they represent. Other highly acclaimed movies that fit in with this genre are ALL ABOUT EVE, AN IMITATION OF LIFE, and WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO BABY JANE. A gem on the DVD extras is the history of fashion legend Edith Head.Movie quote: "There's nothing tragic about being fifty. Not unless you're trying to be twenty-five.
 This movie is possibly one of the best movies I have ever seen.  Christopher Nolan is a genius along with all of his other movies.  This movie is very unique and will never get old
 I grabbed this flick from the shelf on a very wet and miserable day at my local Target....  craving the Summer sun and needing an island vacation....  I grabbed this flick from the shelf on a very wet and miserable day at my local Target....  craving the Summer sun and needing an island vacation....  The cover appealled to me for these reasons and I admit I was not at all disappointed in the movie.  The scenery was indeed spectacular.  The underwater diving/snorkling scenes were clear, crisp, and just what the doctor ordered.  Even the sharks and rays made it all quite beautiful.The cover appealled to me for these reasons and I admit I was not at all disappointed in the movie.  The scenery was indeed spectacular.  The underwater diving/snorkling scenes were clear, crisp, and just what the doctor ordered.  Even the sharks and rays made it all quite beautiful.OK, enough of the shallow stuff....  the movie was indeed much like the 70's flick "The Deep" which I enjoyed back then as well.  The characters of Jared and Sam were pretty believable - poor, honest, and happy folks (most of us would love to really be this happy - let's face it!) The introduction of Bryce (played by Scott Caan) really created an interesting balance of characters and how each reacted to the many dangers, twists, etc.  OK, enough of the shallow stuff....  the movie was indeed much like the 70's flick "The Deep" which I enjoyed back then as well.  The characters of Jared and Sam were pretty believable - poor, honest, and happy folks (most of us would love to really be this happy - let's face it!) The introduction of Bryce (played by Scott Caan) really created an interesting balance of characters and how each reacted to the many dangers, twists, etc.  Overall, the bikinis and the buff guys added to the adventure many of us would love to have in our generally boring lives.  Would I want to deal with Tiger Sharks?  No, but a little excitement would beat the heck out of my boring 9-5 job every day.   Overall, the bikinis and the buff guys added to the adventure many of us would love to have in our generally boring lives.  Would I want to deal with Tiger Sharks?  No, but a little excitement would beat the heck out of my boring 9-5 job every day.   
 This film is the best film that Disney has in it's live-action collection! Every actor and actress gives their all in this great adventure that brings the ride to life. I really like all the extras on the disc as well I like seeing how the film was created, looking at deleted scenes, learning about the history of real pirates, and learning how the park ride was developed through the eyes of Walt Disney himself
 Update (Jan 27, 2006):I am still waiting for this 3-pack placed last October. I have repeatedly asked the company to delete items listed on its website that it does not have. I am glad that Amazon has finally removed its original listing of this 3-pack (NEW) from its website.Jan 27, 2006Jan 27, 2006I am still waiting for this 3-pack to be delivered for, initially, the Thanksgiving holiday, followed by, as promised by representatives of Amazon, Christmas. I doubt if Amazon actually has this item for New Year's day (2006). Forget to mention that I ordered it on Oct 27, 2005 and today is Dec 26, 2005.p.s.I received another update this morning indicating that the item will not be shipped until Jan 27, 2006. I am going to keep waiting until somebody admits that Amazon does not have this item at all
 IN A NUTSHELL: UNDERRATED - UNDERVALUED - UNDEREXPOSED - IN A NUTSHELL: UNDERRATED - UNDERVALUED - UNDEREXPOSED - Excellent submarine thriller with the added attraction of having been based on a true historic event! It is hard to believe how poorly this excellent film did at the box-office.Excellent submarine thriller with the added attraction of having been based on a true historic event! It is hard to believe how poorly this excellent film did at the box-office.Harrison Ford and Liam Neeson are ideally suited as Soviet naval Captains, and as believable as their rebuilt authentic K-19! Kathryn Bigelow who Directed and Produced the film did an incredible job, which can be better appreciated by viewing the 3 excellent featurettes that are included on the DVD. Harrison Ford and Liam Neeson are ideally suited as Soviet naval Captains, and as believable as their rebuilt authentic K-19! Kathryn Bigelow who Directed and Produced the film did an incredible job, which can be better appreciated by viewing the 3 excellent featurettes that are included on the DVD. BOTTOM LINE: THIS NEW KIND OF SUB FILM IS A PART OF HISTORYBOTTOM LINE: THIS NEW KIND OF SUB FILM IS A PART OF HISTORYIf you enjoy submarine films this is one of the best. If you enjoy thrillers, this film delivers enough edge-of-your-seat tension and authentic submarine situations to satisfy both the submarine-movie and thriller-enthusiast in anyone.
 I've seen the Pilates infomercials for a while now, but have been intimidated by the seemingly impossible movements. When I found this inexpensive "For Dummies" DVD, I decided to give it a try. WHAT A WORKOUT! I consider myself to be in moderately good shape, and this workout can definitely be felt! Within the first couple of days I IMMEDIATELY noticed a change in my posture, and a good burn in my abs, hips and thighs. I HIGHLY recommend this as both a great workout and a wonderful intro to Pilates.
 ok even for a guy, I thought the hype might be a little more than it was worth, but to my amazement I thought is was a great story and lived up to all that I have reviewed.  I would suggest the movie to all. 
 Newman, Redford, Robert Shaw as the bad guy, twists and turns and wry humor every 20 frames or so...how can anyone not like "The Sting"? When I saw it on the big screen upon its first release, I did not think it deserved the Oscar as best film of its year, although I enjoyed it. Now, decades later, and after having seen it perhaps 20 times, at least in pieces, I think it one of the best achievements in movie-making in its century. It has STYLE, and a consistent sensibility, and logic, and on first viewing, it will keep you guessing as to who is going to come out on top. I can't imagine that anyone over 30 hasn't seen it yet, but if that's you, fix it as soon as possible. It is a primer in how to write, direct and act in a fairly long movie without ever boring the audience. Newman's drunken card-player on the train with Shaw is absolutely classic
 Hector Elizondo is an actor of uncommon skill.  Aside from his superlative work as a Doctor on "Chicago Hope" he has been often cast as a sideman in films - the trusted aide, the sympathetic boss - but often in supporting roles.  In "Tortilla Soup" he takes the leading role in a Mexican-American remake of Ang Lee's "Eat Drink Man Woman".   Hector Elizondo is an actor of uncommon skill.  Aside from his superlative work as a Doctor on "Chicago Hope" he has been often cast as a sideman in films - the trusted aide, the sympathetic boss - but often in supporting roles.  In "Tortilla Soup" he takes the leading role in a Mexican-American remake of Ang Lee's "Eat Drink Man Woman".   He plays Martin Naranjo, a Mexican Chef so gifted that all who eat his cuisine proclaim him an artist.  The movie has delightful flourishes where we see dishes being prepared, then eaten, that are so delightful that you can almost perceive the wonderful aroma leaping from the screen.  Martin is has lost much of his sense of taste, which he thinks is a cruel irony, but his Cuban partner reminds him that Beethoven composed his greatest symphonies after he had lost the sense of hearing.  Martin also has 3 daughters who he has raised sinced becoming a widower 15 years ago.  Elizabeth Pena is Leticia, the pious schoolteacher who is invited to ask the blessing prior to the family meals although she turns a simple "grace" into mini-sermons.  Jacqueline Obradors is the saucy Carmen, who was encouraged to get her MBA by Martin, but has difficulty balancing the borderline ethics of large business deals with her growing realization that she is not pursuing her passion - as her father did with his wondrous cooking.  Tamara Mello is the youngest Maribel who finds herself torn between the pressure to go to college and to "find herself".  Constance Marie is family friend Yolando, who is the same age as the older sisters and is coming to the end of a dissatisfying marriage with a young daughter who Martin dotes on.  Raquel Welch is Yolando's mother, Hortensia, who is also without a man and plainly has designs on the compassionate and accomplished Martin.   He plays Martin Naranjo, a Mexican Chef so gifted that all who eat his cuisine proclaim him an artist.  The movie has delightful flourishes where we see dishes being prepared, then eaten, that are so delightful that you can almost perceive the wonderful aroma leaping from the screen.  Martin is has lost much of his sense of taste, which he thinks is a cruel irony, but his Cuban partner reminds him that Beethoven composed his greatest symphonies after he had lost the sense of hearing.  Martin also has 3 daughters who he has raised sinced becoming a widower 15 years ago.  Elizabeth Pena is Leticia, the pious schoolteacher who is invited to ask the blessing prior to the family meals although she turns a simple "grace" into mini-sermons.  Jacqueline Obradors is the saucy Carmen, who was encouraged to get her MBA by Martin, but has difficulty balancing the borderline ethics of large business deals with her growing realization that she is not pursuing her passion - as her father did with his wondrous cooking.  Tamara Mello is the youngest Maribel who finds herself torn between the pressure to go to college and to "find herself".  Constance Marie is family friend Yolando, who is the same age as the older sisters and is coming to the end of a dissatisfying marriage with a young daughter who Martin dotes on.  Raquel Welch is Yolando's mother, Hortensia, who is also without a man and plainly has designs on the compassionate and accomplished Martin.   The film depicts the evolution of these various characters as they come to terms with the progression of their love lives and professions.  At the beginning of the film all of the characters are single.  By the end they've all been paired off in one manner or another, some in a manner more satisfyingly realistic than others.  Raquel Welch is a bit of a distraction in the film.  At age 61 she has a show-stopping beauty that few woman would aspire to at age 25.  In a film full of attractive performers she doesn't "look her age" enough to blend into the story.  She plays the part of geriatric bombshell jester and in a nice ensemble this role sticks out like a geriatric bombshell jester. The film depicts the evolution of these various characters as they come to terms with the progression of their love lives and professions.  At the beginning of the film all of the characters are single.  By the end they've all been paired off in one manner or another, some in a manner more satisfyingly realistic than others.  Raquel Welch is a bit of a distraction in the film.  At age 61 she has a show-stopping beauty that few woman would aspire to at age 25.  In a film full of attractive performers she doesn't "look her age" enough to blend into the story.  She plays the part of geriatric bombshell jester and in a nice ensemble this role sticks out like a geriatric bombshell jester. The movie otherwise has some realistic and positive things to say about aspirations and relationships and I would recommend it if only to watch Hector Elizondo around the dinner table and in the kitchen.
 It is the ultima of CGI video game movies. I must buy for Final Fantasy addicts.
 If you love John Waters then you're already right there with me.  I would classify this as a bit tame compared to his other offings and similar in style and irony to the movie Grease but is a more self-aware film.If you love John Waters then you're already right there with me.  I would classify this as a bit tame compared to his other offings and similar in style and irony to the movie Grease but is a more self-aware film.I love rooting for the Drapes and the idea that the Squares can become Drapes, which, thematically, seems to be a Waterian theme - that we can all get along if we have sex with each other.  Which is probably true John.I love rooting for the Drapes and the idea that the Squares can become Drapes, which, thematically, seems to be a Waterian theme - that we can all get along if we have sex with each other.  Which is probably true John.Oh yeah, and Johnny Depp is young here and cool and I think you will enjoy seeing both Ricki Lake and Tracy Lords and Willem Dafoe as well (I know I did)
 Although subtitled Grazia's island (Grazia is the lead role, magnificently realized by Valeria Golino), "Respiro" could have well been called "Scenes from rural Sicilian life", as the scenography, cinematography and tableaux-like imagery seem as important to the director as her thin narrative line. Respiro's locale is Lampedusa, a tiny island far off the west coast of Sicily. About the same latitude as Malta, this place is about as remote as it gets - Tunisia is closer than Palermo. It can be safe to say that Italian time here has pretty much stood still for decades; this is Italy of de Sica and Mascagni, not Fellini and Prada. The men go out to sea, the children play, women pack fish, old black-clad crones meddle and the languid summer air of total boredom hangs down from the cloudless sky.Although subtitled Grazia's island (Grazia is the lead role, magnificently realized by Valeria Golino), "Respiro" could have well been called "Scenes from rural Sicilian life", as the scenography, cinematography and tableaux-like imagery seem as important to the director as her thin narrative line. Respiro's locale is Lampedusa, a tiny island far off the west coast of Sicily. About the same latitude as Malta, this place is about as remote as it gets - Tunisia is closer than Palermo. It can be safe to say that Italian time here has pretty much stood still for decades; this is Italy of de Sica and Mascagni, not Fellini and Prada. The men go out to sea, the children play, women pack fish, old black-clad crones meddle and the languid summer air of total boredom hangs down from the cloudless sky.Throughout this film you would probably ask yourself, "Is she really as crazy as the family and neighbors think she is or just free spirited?" It's a fairly typical story, the type that a few great (and many, many average) Italian filmmakers have been serving up for the last three generations - life in the sun drenched rural, ritualistic and tribal south and the saga of one village denizen who dares to break the moulds. How long since "Cinema Paradiso?"Throughout this film you would probably ask yourself, "Is she really as crazy as the family and neighbors think she is or just free spirited?" It's a fairly typical story, the type that a few great (and many, many average) Italian filmmakers have been serving up for the last three generations - life in the sun drenched rural, ritualistic and tribal south and the saga of one village denizen who dares to break the moulds. How long since "Cinema Paradiso?"What I like most about the movie, besides the appealing scenery, was the interrelations of the characters, the humor, petty gossips, the impromptu emotional outbursts, the displays of maternal and filial affection. The two boys are tremendous: the older Pasquale (Francesco Casisa) is the more mature of the two. The younger Filippo (Filippo Pucillo) has an unregulated diarrhea mouth filled with hilarious and inspired ravings, often without sense. His rant against the busybody women is a treasure, as is his little-brother-as-big-brother protectiveness of his sister from the policeman-friend. The boy embodies an epic Italianate inflammability far beyond his years. While viewing this I thought the son's affection was overtly and uncomfortably oedipal at times. They do spend a lot of time and energy comforting their mom plus defending her against verbal attacks in the village.What I like most about the movie, besides the appealing scenery, was the interrelations of the characters, the humor, petty gossips, the impromptu emotional outbursts, the displays of maternal and filial affection. The two boys are tremendous: the older Pasquale (Francesco Casisa) is the more mature of the two. The younger Filippo (Filippo Pucillo) has an unregulated diarrhea mouth filled with hilarious and inspired ravings, often without sense. His rant against the busybody women is a treasure, as is his little-brother-as-big-brother protectiveness of his sister from the policeman-friend. The boy embodies an epic Italianate inflammability far beyond his years. While viewing this I thought the son's affection was overtly and uncomfortably oedipal at times. They do spend a lot of time and energy comforting their mom plus defending her against verbal attacks in the village.After seeing this film, I have realized that the rural lives by the sea in many countries are similar, the differences are in the languages, but the feelings are same.  I enjoyed this film so much I might see it a couple of times.
 RESPIRO is one of those Italian treasures of a film, this time written and directed by the insightful Emanuele Crialese, that isolates humanity in a place where all the joys and  foibles of living become cogently the entire point of the story.  RESPIRO mixes the gut-level Italian response to life with the surreal flights of fancy made famous by Fellini.RESPIRO is one of those Italian treasures of a film, this time written and directed by the insightful Emanuele Crialese, that isolates humanity in a place where all the joys and  foibles of living become cogently the entire point of the story.  RESPIRO mixes the gut-level Italian response to life with the surreal flights of fancy made famous by Fellini.Lampedusa is a Mediterranean island between Sicily and Tunisia that is baked by the sun and is far enough away form the culture of Italy to be a return to the native.  The population is all involved in fishing.  On this picturesque island lives Grazia (the beautiful and talented Valeria Golina) who appears to be a wonderfully free spirit but is actually a bipolar personality.  She lives happily with her fisherman husband Pietro and her children: teenage Marinella (Veronica D'Agostini), Pasquale (Frncesco Casisa - a very fine little actor!) and Filippo (Filippo Pucillo).  The boys adore their mother and their father and often make excuses for their mother's wild behavior patterns to the villagers who view her as a menace.  Lampedusa is a Mediterranean island between Sicily and Tunisia that is baked by the sun and is far enough away form the culture of Italy to be a return to the native.  The population is all involved in fishing.  On this picturesque island lives Grazia (the beautiful and talented Valeria Golina) who appears to be a wonderfully free spirit but is actually a bipolar personality.  She lives happily with her fisherman husband Pietro and her children: teenage Marinella (Veronica D'Agostini), Pasquale (Frncesco Casisa - a very fine little actor!) and Filippo (Filippo Pucillo).  The boys adore their mother and their father and often make excuses for their mother's wild behavior patterns to the villagers who view her as a menace.  When Grazia's actions come under scrutiny by Pietro and he considers the advice of the grandmother (Muzzi Loffredo) who occasionally gives Grazia tranquilizing injections when her manic side surfaces and suggests Grazia needs psychiatric help in Milan, Grazia runs away to hide in a grotto, her whereabouts are known only to Pasquale.When Grazia's actions come under scrutiny by Pietro and he considers the advice of the grandmother (Muzzi Loffredo) who occasionally gives Grazia tranquilizing injections when her manic side surfaces and suggests Grazia needs psychiatric help in Milan, Grazia runs away to hide in a grotto, her whereabouts are known only to Pasquale.The little village mentality merges and the people search the waters for what they feel must be the death of Grazia, only to discover on St Bartolo's Day that Grazia is blithely swimming in the ocean.  How this affects the village and the lives of this tender family is the secret of the movie: revealing the ending would dissipate the joy of RESPIRO.  Suffice it to say that the closing footage will simply take your breath away!The little village mentality merges and the people search the waters for what they feel must be the death of Grazia, only to discover on St Bartolo's Day that Grazia is blithely swimming in the ocean.  How this affects the village and the lives of this tender family is the secret of the movie: revealing the ending would dissipate the joy of RESPIRO.  Suffice it to say that the closing footage will simply take your breath away!This little treasure of a movie has some of the most imaginative photography - both above and below the surface of the surrounding ocean - of any film you'll see.  The music by John Surman is pitch perfect and atmospheric.  The way director Crialese  captures the folklore-like behavior of the youngsters' games, and the married-to-the-sea philosophy of the villagers, is utterly magical.  This is a movie that celebrates those raw emotions of being human that seem to be eroding into the cultural pablum of contemporary society.  RESPIRO is a glowing reminder of the worth of a return to Eden.  In Italian with English subtitles.   Grady Harp, November 200
 I enjoy all three of the the Jurassic Park movies, though I think &quot;The Lost World&quot; is a bit weak.  While I think that anyone who enjoys action movies, monster movies, or horror movies should own all three, I find it difficult to recommend this set because there is a set that contains not only the three movies, but a fourth DVD containing substantial background information on the making of the movies.  I give this collection four stars only because the larger, more comprehensive collection is available and if you liked the first two, you will definitely like the third movie
 Now it is almost as if this movie was a warning about what our country would look like in 2004.  A relevant look at how easily people can be manipulated in the political process and how easily we are divided into us and them.  Now it is almost as if this movie was a warning about what our country would look like in 2004.  A relevant look at how easily people can be manipulated in the political process and how easily we are divided into us and them.  Bob Roberts, a son of a hippy couple rebels against that world view and uses music as a means of spreading conservative propaganda.  Marketing hate and intolerance in the flag, this movie frighteningly shows in fiction what is being done in reality today.  Bob Roberts, a son of a hippy couple rebels against that world view and uses music as a means of spreading conservative propaganda.  Marketing hate and intolerance in the flag, this movie frighteningly shows in fiction what is being done in reality today.  I think Bob Roberts will be a movie that historians will study 200 years ago and see it relevant for discussion of the United States around the turn of the millenium. 
 If you are not familiar with research, this nice approach to a scientist's  work will open your mind to a new world on which ordinary people have many fantasies. Besides, this very interesting and moving film, with  high level and homogeneous performances, will show, the closest it can, the early facts about such a terrible disease. I strongly recommend it. I have seen it with my 16 year old son, but maybe it is not suitable for kids under this age. A bit too long lasting and complex for younger audience.
 I'll make this short and sweet.  I used to work in spin.  I did advance, which is creating media events for politicians.  In other words, for a time I was one of those people that manipulated public thought by the way in which we delivered information.I'll make this short and sweet.  I used to work in spin.  I did advance, which is creating media events for politicians.  In other words, for a time I was one of those people that manipulated public thought by the way in which we delivered information.I'll let others speak to the eerie connections to Orwell's foresight.  I'll let others write about how effectively the film makers make the case.I'll let others speak to the eerie connections to Orwell's foresight.  I'll let others write about how effectively the film makers make the case.That which is represented in this piece is true.  The observations are astute.  The prognosis is grim.That which is represented in this piece is true.  The observations are astute.  The prognosis is grim.I wholeheartedly recommend this film to anyone who clings to the belief in the ideas of the founding fathers.  Buy it.  Watch it.  Watch it again.  Share it with friends. 
 Watch this and be inspired by the awesome Herbie Hancock.  The recording sessions are great.  The music and the movie flow along like a terrific jazz solo, riffing on all kinds of themes but Herbie brings it together into a whole.  Just watching him play on the piano is a treat.  If you're not that familiar with this living jazz legend, check this out and you'll admire both the man and his music
 Your milage may vary; but I found this movie white-knuckle intense and extremely provocative.  There is little danger of giving away the plot; it is not particularly complex.  Three stupid, arrogant American teenagers tempt fate by crossing an unguarded gate from Finland to the former USSR, which at the time was very much the USSR and a Very Bad Place for Americans.  They make photographs of themselves on the wrong side of the gate.  So far so good, but then they get lost and go the wrong way right into the hands of the Russians who mistake them for spies.  Some interesting subplots are also happening that keep things moving, that I'll keep a secret for ya.  I can promise you one thing:  If you are American, after seeing this, you'll salute the flag, think real hard before traveling overseas and I'll bet you never photograph yourself on the wrong side of an international border
 Bruce Almighty is a great movie. It about a newsreporter, Bruce Nolan (Jim Carrey), that has a bad day a work(gets fired) and thinks that God is punishing him. So God (Morgan Freedman) meets him at a warehouse and tell Bruce that he can have all his powers. Then Bruce has fun with the God powers gets his job back, but sometimes its hard to be God. You'll have to watch the rest of the movie to find the rest out. :)Their are some great parts in the movie like when he gets a monkey to crawl out of a guys butt, when he gets prayers, it saids "You got prayers" instead of "you got mail".Overall the story was pretty good and funny. If you want to have some good laughs and giggles, watch this and some scenes are not appropriate with children. hehe. Though it is PG-13.Rating 9.2/1
 Here is the reason why somebody like Bruce cannot be a God. Simply because the world would suck!!! And his life too. It's a very good movie. It shows that people can't always have what they want. Very interesting and unpredictable plot. Hilarious
 Excellent, great camera work, very good sound and commentar
 The direction of this film is excellent.  I love all the characters and the way they interact.  The storyline is very important also.  It's about religious beliefs and neighbors that interact with each other.  It's a well-paced and interesting story that's not like anything else I've ever seen.
 This 2 disc set is packaged in a very nicely made large metal box with room for the other volumes in the series if you feel the need to remove them from the original cardboard packaging (you'll lose your Otaku status if you do). The box is well adorned with imagery from the series and is a very good idea and generous from Bandai considering that we'd have bought a normal cardboard box with joy. Thanks Bandai - appreciated
 In some of Fred Astaire's movies there's only one excellent reason to watch, and that's to watch Fred Astaire. In You Were Never Lovelier there are three other excellent reasons. Rita Hayworth. Jerome Kern. Johnny Mercer. The four of them have concocted a romantic and funny South American fable that features some great dancing by both Astaire and Hayworth and some memorable songs by Kern and Mercer.In some of Fred Astaire's movies there's only one excellent reason to watch, and that's to watch Fred Astaire. In You Were Never Lovelier there are three other excellent reasons. Rita Hayworth. Jerome Kern. Johnny Mercer. The four of them have concocted a romantic and funny South American fable that features some great dancing by both Astaire and Hayworth and some memorable songs by Kern and Mercer.Eduardo Acuna (Adolphe Menjou), a wealthy Buenos Aires businessman, has four beautiful daughters, and in the Acuna family they must marry in age order. The eldest fulfills her responsibilities and the two youngest have beaus they're now anxious to share vows with. But the second eldest, Maria (Rita Hayworth) is in no hurry. She wants romance and charm and the men she meets are just panting boys. Then she sees Robert Davis (Fred Astaire), a very charming, down-on-his-luck dancer, singing Dearly Beloved at her elder sister's wedding. He tries to chat her up; she stares him down. Then the plot intervenes. Before long she knows what she wants. Robert knows what he wants. Eduardo Acuna knows what he doesn't want...a down-on-his-luck dancer in the family. From then on it's songs, dances, romance and misunderstandings, which moves into songs, dances and romance. The plot feels sluggish at times and there's way too much Xavier Cugat and his orchestra, but Astaire and Hayworth are at their peak, Kern has written some memorable melodies and few could top Mercer at lyric writing, none in Hollywood.Eduardo Acuna (Adolphe Menjou), a wealthy Buenos Aires businessman, has four beautiful daughters, and in the Acuna family they must marry in age order. The eldest fulfills her responsibilities and the two youngest have beaus they're now anxious to share vows with. But the second eldest, Maria (Rita Hayworth) is in no hurry. She wants romance and charm and the men she meets are just panting boys. Then she sees Robert Davis (Fred Astaire), a very charming, down-on-his-luck dancer, singing Dearly Beloved at her elder sister's wedding. He tries to chat her up; she stares him down. Then the plot intervenes. Before long she knows what she wants. Robert knows what he wants. Eduardo Acuna knows what he doesn't want...a down-on-his-luck dancer in the family. From then on it's songs, dances, romance and misunderstandings, which moves into songs, dances and romance. The plot feels sluggish at times and there's way too much Xavier Cugat and his orchestra, but Astaire and Hayworth are at their peak, Kern has written some memorable melodies and few could top Mercer at lyric writing, none in Hollywood.Hayworth not only was a gorgeous creature, she was a gifted dancer; many think she was the best Astaire worked with. Technically, she not only handled the steps Astaire created, she did so without a hint of effort. After you've watched the dances a couple of times, go back and watch again, but this time concentrate on her face and her hand and arm action. She gives every indication of being utterly relaxed and enjoying herself, even in the fast tap routines. She seems naturally to find the most graceful attitude for an extended arm, a turn of her head, a raised hand. She may not be quite as good as Astaire, but she's good enough.Hayworth not only was a gorgeous creature, she was a gifted dancer; many think she was the best Astaire worked with. Technically, she not only handled the steps Astaire created, she did so without a hint of effort. After you've watched the dances a couple of times, go back and watch again, but this time concentrate on her face and her hand and arm action. She gives every indication of being utterly relaxed and enjoying herself, even in the fast tap routines. She seems naturally to find the most graceful attitude for an extended arm, a turn of her head, a raised hand. She may not be quite as good as Astaire, but she's good enough.Among the stand-out routines are:--The Audition Dance. Robert shows up at Acuna's office and demands a chance to show his stuff as a dancer. From there Astaire takes off on a fast tap routine that takes him all over the floor, onto Acuna's desk, the sofa and chairs. He works into the dance a cane, a rug, the drapes and Acuna's head. --The Audition Dance. Robert shows up at Acuna's office and demands a chance to show his stuff as a dancer. From there Astaire takes off on a fast tap routine that takes him all over the floor, onto Acuna's desk, the sofa and chairs. He works into the dance a cane, a rug, the drapes and Acuna's head. --I'm Old Fashioned. This is probably the best romantic wooing dance Astaire did. It's all fluid motion and spontaneous recognition, danced on the elegant, polished outdoor landing of Acuna's mansion. Rita Hayworth is a vision, and matches him step for step. We move from Maria declaring with humor and assurance that Robert's the man for her, to Robert's protestation that he's just a guy from Omaha, Nebraska, to the dance that brings them closer and closer together until we know through the dance that a love match has just happened. The funny exit through the doors and back into the living-room, bumping into each other, each giving way, bumping again and then going in together arm in arm hits just the right note. The dance works so well in part because Kern and Mercer came up with a classic:I'm old fashioned,I love the moonlight,I love the old fashioned things.The sound of rainUpon a window pane,The starry song that April sings.This year's fanciesAre passing fanciesBut sighing sighs, holding hands,These my heart understands.I'm old fashionedBut I don't mind it.That's how I want to be,As long as you agree,To stay old fashioned with me.To stay old fashioned with me.--The Shorty George. This fast tap routine starts out with Maria visiting Robert at a rehearsal. He sings The Shorty George and she takes a couple of lines. He looks surprised that she knows the song. He starts to dance and invites her to join him. Hayworth stays right with Astaire and looks like she's having the time of her life.--The Shorty George. This fast tap routine starts out with Maria visiting Robert at a rehearsal. He sings The Shorty George and she takes a couple of lines. He looks surprised that she knows the song. He starts to dance and invites her to join him. Hayworth stays right with Astaire and looks like she's having the time of her life.--You Were Never Lovelier. Robert declares his feelings for Maria, but more misunderstandings occur. Finally, everything is resolved. Robert shakes off some knight's armor he was wearing (there is sort of a reason) and appears below Maria's bedroom window in black tie. She rushes down...and off they go dancing while all the members of the Acuna family look on approvingly. And the Johnny Mercer lyrics and Jerome Kern music brings us to the happy end:You were never lovelier, you were never so fair; Dreams were never lovelier,Pardon me if I stare.Down the sky the moonbeams fly to light your face;I can only say they chose the proper place.You were never lovelier, and to coin a new phrase, I was never luckierIn my palmiest days.Make a note, and you can quote me, honor bright,You were never lovelier than you are tonight
 CITY BY THE SEA is a movie that is propelled by its rich performances, particularly those of Robert DeNiro and Frances McDormand. Both Oscar winners, they infuse their characters with such humanity and imperfection, they make this movie much better than it would have been in other hands. James Franco, although obviously &quot;in&quot; to his performance, comes across attempting to repeat his Emmy award winning role as James Dean. The mannerisms, the false bravado, the hurt and pinched face, are trademarks of the late Dean, and Franco seems to enjoy using them again. William Forsythe approaches a caricature of his role, but it's still spinetingling enough to make your skin crawl. Anson Mount as the moralistic cop Dave Simond, gives a strong, understated performance, showing that all cops aren't bad. George Dzundza as DeNiro's partner is also good, as is Linda Emon, as his wife in a very touching and sad scene where DeNiro confronts her after Dzunda's death---apparently at the hands of DeNiro's son. The movie is to be commended for giving us characters with flaws, and in understanding the way some relationships never fully materialize or heal. The film has some marvelous cinematography of the old Asbury Park area, and has an ending that while not totally satisfying is real. A good movie
 Rather than "Menace to Society", this movie should be titled, "The Unfortunate Victims of a Racist Society". My heart bleeds for the real-world counterparts of these young men, caught up in the unending battle for survival in South-central LA, and other such areas all around the country.Rather than "Menace to Society", this movie should be titled, "The Unfortunate Victims of a Racist Society". My heart bleeds for the real-world counterparts of these young men, caught up in the unending battle for survival in South-central LA, and other such areas all around the country.I understand that we all make choices, but how many do these young men have? It is a racist, exclusionary society that has condemned them to their fate; to die violently at the hands of their own brothers. Its sickening. Society is more of a menace to these young men, than they are responsible for being a menace to society.I understand that we all make choices, but how many do these young men have? It is a racist, exclusionary society that has condemned them to their fate; to die violently at the hands of their own brothers. Its sickening. Society is more of a menace to these young men, than they are responsible for being a menace to society.Having said that, the movie itself is excellent. It's gritty and real to the 'nth' degree. Movies like this should be a huge wakeup call for the 'powers that be' in this country, but the reality is that the grave lessons it teaches will pass unnoticed
 I wanted to see a movie one evening, and it really didn't matter what movie, I just wanted to get out of the house, and get to a theater. I looked at the listings and decided to see "In Good Company", and I'm certainly glad I did. I found this movie to be very entertaining, and very enjoyable to watch. I thought this movie really showed a new edge to Scarlett Johansson as well. In a way this movie was also an eye-opener on todays' corporate America, and its' all too often pitfalls. Nicely produced, acted, and directed.
 Eddie dies and goes to heaven where he learns his life has been meaningful to at least 5 people. I enjoyed watching this movie, and I feel it allows us to appreciate the little things done for others...not making us feel guilty because we did not change the world with a bang.
 This is one of my favorite movies of all time. I saw it when it first came out and ten years later it's still just as funny. Basic plot: Ted is a bellhop at an expensive hotel and he's ALONE on New Year's night. Anyone who's had a bad night/day on the job can relate to Ted as he encounters the most 'unusual' situations. From the witches who need his 'secret' ingredient to make their potion, to a gangster's bratty kids, a gun toting psyco who likes to play kinky sex games with his wife and finally all the stories tie into a hilarious ending with a room of drunken Hollywood people who want to make Ted part of their hazardous (and very gross) bet. I don't want to give too much away but I will say that I will always love this movie and it has one of the best endings ever. If you love a good, dark comedy this is the movie for you
 This set is one of the better Jurassic Park sets.  Each disk contains a lot of extras, many of which are fun to watch.  Fans of the trilogy that have yet to buy the DVDs will find this set a great one to have.This set is one of the better Jurassic Park sets.  Each disk contains a lot of extras, many of which are fun to watch.  Fans of the trilogy that have yet to buy the DVDs will find this set a great one to have."Jurassic Park" introduced us to digital dinosaurs and how fearsome they could be with modern computer technology. This movie advanced horror and monster movies in a method similar to the way "Alien" advanced science fiction movies. "Jurassic Park" immediately became an audience favorite and the new standard by which special effects would be judged. Stephen Spielberg effectively combined in-your-face terror with special effects to keep people at the edge of their seats and in awe of life-like creatures dinosaurs."Jurassic Park" introduced us to digital dinosaurs and how fearsome they could be with modern computer technology. This movie advanced horror and monster movies in a method similar to the way "Alien" advanced science fiction movies. "Jurassic Park" immediately became an audience favorite and the new standard by which special effects would be judged. Stephen Spielberg effectively combined in-your-face terror with special effects to keep people at the edge of their seats and in awe of life-like creatures dinosaurs."The Lost World" unfortunately did not measure up to "Jurassic Park." Many of the characters were unbelievable and there were too many plot holes that were too readily visible to make the movie enjoyable from beginning to end. While there were several parts of the movie that were well-done, there were at least as many parts where the actions of the characters were unrealistic. The bumps in the actions of the characters just did not allow me to focus on the plot throughout. Another problem with this movie is that it focused too much on action, and very little on the characters themselves. Thus, the movie comes across as more of a cartoon than a horror movie."The Lost World" unfortunately did not measure up to "Jurassic Park." Many of the characters were unbelievable and there were too many plot holes that were too readily visible to make the movie enjoyable from beginning to end. While there were several parts of the movie that were well-done, there were at least as many parts where the actions of the characters were unrealistic. The bumps in the actions of the characters just did not allow me to focus on the plot throughout. Another problem with this movie is that it focused too much on action, and very little on the characters themselves. Thus, the movie comes across as more of a cartoon than a horror movie."Jurassic Park III" simplified the plot, added new dinosaurs, and allowed the characters to develop more than "The Lost World." The short length of the movie forced the movie to be simpler than the previous movie, and that simplicity makes for a good movie. The best new dinosaur in this movie had to be the pteranodons, though the spinosaur was great also. The characters in this movie generally acted as I would expect them to, and there were fewer outright acts of stupidity. Even the theft of a raptor egg was done in ignorance. So while it was a convenient plot device, you would expect something like that by someone with only minimal knowledge of dinosaurs. I was very happy to see Sam Neill returning in the role of Dr. Alan Grant. His character particularly is very believable."Jurassic Park III" simplified the plot, added new dinosaurs, and allowed the characters to develop more than "The Lost World." The short length of the movie forced the movie to be simpler than the previous movie, and that simplicity makes for a good movie. The best new dinosaur in this movie had to be the pteranodons, though the spinosaur was great also. The characters in this movie generally acted as I would expect them to, and there were fewer outright acts of stupidity. Even the theft of a raptor egg was done in ignorance. So while it was a convenient plot device, you would expect something like that by someone with only minimal knowledge of dinosaurs. I was very happy to see Sam Neill returning in the role of Dr. Alan Grant. His character particularly is very believable.Enjoy!
 I loved Ben Vereen in the show. Wanted the music for my ipod, too. Very satisfie
 This show undoubtly is one of the greatest around.  I have to say right off though to the guy in the first review about how they wanted to give American's their own Monty Python show and they failed because their show is BETTER than Monty Python.  Their show is not BETTER, it is of equal and noteworthy standing.  Monty Python is history that will never been changed.  They have gone on to do many other creative things.  Bob Odenkirk is doing Miller Lite commercials and I hope he does something like David has with his new appearance in Arrested Development.  I can honestly say that this show is not better, yet it is close, to Monty Pythons Flying Circus.  Both are great shows. This show undoubtly is one of the greatest around.  I have to say right off though to the guy in the first review about how they wanted to give American's their own Monty Python show and they failed because their show is BETTER than Monty Python.  Their show is not BETTER, it is of equal and noteworthy standing.  Monty Python is history that will never been changed.  They have gone on to do many other creative things.  Bob Odenkirk is doing Miller Lite commercials and I hope he does something like David has with his new appearance in Arrested Development.  I can honestly say that this show is not better, yet it is close, to Monty Pythons Flying Circus.  Both are great shows. It is full of hillarious sketches and original ideas that is for sure and if you haven't yet, go buy the other seasons and add to your growing comedy sets because you won't regret adding this
 Hospitals are inherently spooky.  Scenes of so much pain and death, the very walls soaking up the agony through the years, they can slowly affect the minds and souls of those that work there.  The hospital in "Infection" ("Kansen") is in particularly bad shape. Losing money, unable to keep staff, the doctors and nurses working there are under-qualified and desperate.  Into this unstable environment comes a strange patient, with a black, infectious rash.  Slowly, the rash spreads, revealing a terrifying disease that liquidates the insides of a human's body, slowly driving the staff insane with fear and anticipation.  But all is not as it seems, even then.Hospitals are inherently spooky.  Scenes of so much pain and death, the very walls soaking up the agony through the years, they can slowly affect the minds and souls of those that work there.  The hospital in "Infection" ("Kansen") is in particularly bad shape. Losing money, unable to keep staff, the doctors and nurses working there are under-qualified and desperate.  Into this unstable environment comes a strange patient, with a black, infectious rash.  Slowly, the rash spreads, revealing a terrifying disease that liquidates the insides of a human's body, slowly driving the staff insane with fear and anticipation.  But all is not as it seems, even then.I'm impressed that, even watching as much J-Horror as I do, "Infection" still managed to creep me out.  It was unexpectedly good.  Director Masayuki Ochiai knows the things in a hospital that can make you cringe, and he uses them to their fullest extent.  He also keeps you guessing as to exactly what kind of horror movie this is.  Is it about a devastating biological infection?  Are those ghosts?  Is that a serial killer?  All of his images and slow revelations of the story keep making less and less sense, disorientating you just when you think you have a handle on it, until the final page is revealed and it all comes crashing home.I'm impressed that, even watching as much J-Horror as I do, "Infection" still managed to creep me out.  It was unexpectedly good.  Director Masayuki Ochiai knows the things in a hospital that can make you cringe, and he uses them to their fullest extent.  He also keeps you guessing as to exactly what kind of horror movie this is.  Is it about a devastating biological infection?  Are those ghosts?  Is that a serial killer?  All of his images and slow revelations of the story keep making less and less sense, disorientating you just when you think you have a handle on it, until the final page is revealed and it all comes crashing home."Infection" isn't quite a gross-out flick, like "Ichi the Killer," but it definitely relies on visual shock for its scares while keeping a good atmosphere.  If anything, it manages to combine the creepy mood of J-Horror ghost films like "Ring" while still delivering on cringe-worthy gore.  One scene in particular had me going.  When you see the movie, you will know what it was."Infection" isn't quite a gross-out flick, like "Ichi the Killer," but it definitely relies on visual shock for its scares while keeping a good atmosphere.  If anything, it manages to combine the creepy mood of J-Horror ghost films like "Ring" while still delivering on cringe-worthy gore.  One scene in particular had me going.  When you see the movie, you will know what it was.As part of the "J-Horror Theater" series, and directer by a relatively new-comer who's experience has mainly been doing horror TV shows, I didn't have high expectations for this film.  I thought it would be a cheap job, done to cash in on the current J-Horror fad.  I was wrong. It is quite a well made little horror flick, not outstanding or groundbreaking, but really excellent for what it is
 i find the breakdown of each step concise and easy to follow.  the instructions also contain tips for safety which is an assurance for beginners like me.  would be sharing this with my pals and recommending it to whoever wants to lear
 At Ikiru's opening, I started to have real doubts about the film. I had heard that this was Kurosawa's best, and the film was built up just enough to come crashing down.At Ikiru's opening, I started to have real doubts about the film. I had heard that this was Kurosawa's best, and the film was built up just enough to come crashing down.Luckily, that didn't happen.Luckily, that didn't happen.The narrator of the film reminded me of Criswell's narrations to Plan 9 from Outer Space. The film seemed to say too much and show too little. Then as the narrator continued during an extremely long take of our hero Mr. Watanabe at work, something clicked. The long duration of the shot and the narrator's continued breakdown of the man's less wholesome characteristics gave the impression that he was breaking down our lives, that the narration is coming from the back of our own minds, and that we are powerless to silence it.The narrator of the film reminded me of Criswell's narrations to Plan 9 from Outer Space. The film seemed to say too much and show too little. Then as the narrator continued during an extremely long take of our hero Mr. Watanabe at work, something clicked. The long duration of the shot and the narrator's continued breakdown of the man's less wholesome characteristics gave the impression that he was breaking down our lives, that the narration is coming from the back of our own minds, and that we are powerless to silence it.That floored me, and for the rest of the film, I remained awe-stricken by this humble yet miserable man. Takashi Shimura gives one of the greatest performances I've seen since Raging Bull. Here is a guy whose really pissed off at the world, but he's smart enough to know he has only himself to blame for the mediocrity his life has been dealt. The horror on his face when he learns of his cancer will remain with me for a long time.That floored me, and for the rest of the film, I remained awe-stricken by this humble yet miserable man. Takashi Shimura gives one of the greatest performances I've seen since Raging Bull. Here is a guy whose really pissed off at the world, but he's smart enough to know he has only himself to blame for the mediocrity his life has been dealt. The horror on his face when he learns of his cancer will remain with me for a long time.There are points at which the film seems to drag on, but never without purpose. When he dies, having finally given meaning to his existence, his coworkers and family members recount the final days with pity, confusion, and finally admiration. The scene lags, which makes us that much more insulted by their ignorance
 This is a great film that preceded the onset of the "JLo."  "Out of Sight" is a great showcase for Jennifer Lopez's talent as an actress.  It is a shame that she hasn't been presented with more great roles, like that of Karen Sisco, in this film.  Karen is a D.A, who carries a rifle and a jaded attitude. She has a chance encounter with charming, compulsive bank robber Jack Foley (George Clooney).  Their encounter is made especially intriguing because it takes place following his would-be kidnapping of Sisco in her OWN car. It is no surprise that sparks fly.....however, this doesn't downplay the complexities of their star-crossed encounter.  This is a great film that preceded the onset of the "JLo."  "Out of Sight" is a great showcase for Jennifer Lopez's talent as an actress.  It is a shame that she hasn't been presented with more great roles, like that of Karen Sisco, in this film.  Karen is a D.A, who carries a rifle and a jaded attitude. She has a chance encounter with charming, compulsive bank robber Jack Foley (George Clooney).  Their encounter is made especially intriguing because it takes place following his would-be kidnapping of Sisco in her OWN car. It is no surprise that sparks fly.....however, this doesn't downplay the complexities of their star-crossed encounter.  Some of the greatest strong points of this film include the juxtaposition of flashbacks, incorporating trick camera work and voice overs.  What's more, this film was shot in a very bare bones style.  We don't get a sense of romance, so much as a feeling of stark reality.  The colors are dark, the dialogue between the characters is honest, real and simply wonderful.  This film has a potential for mass appeal, due to the fact that, though it does get gritty and violent, that doesn't downplay its intelligence or originality.  Violence is counterbalanced by genuinely funny scenes, as well as more introspective glimpses at how the characters turned out as they did.  This is definitely a great date film!!
 This was one of the best movies of 1998, but for whatever reason did not attract a large audience.  When I try to think of superlatives to desribe it, the one that keeps coming to mind is "cool."This was one of the best movies of 1998, but for whatever reason did not attract a large audience.  When I try to think of superlatives to desribe it, the one that keeps coming to mind is "cool."Most of the coolness factor is owed to two things:  Steven Soderbergh's steady directing and the chemistry between the actors, especially George Clooney and Jennifer Lopez. Back before we knew that Clooney would go on to channel the same character in virtually all of his roles, he defined suave in this movie.  And back before she was J.Lo, Lopez was that IN LIVING COLOR fly girl with the big ole butt trying to make a name for herself as a film actress.  Here she gives the best performance of her career.Most of the coolness factor is owed to two things:  Steven Soderbergh's steady directing and the chemistry between the actors, especially George Clooney and Jennifer Lopez. Back before we knew that Clooney would go on to channel the same character in virtually all of his roles, he defined suave in this movie.  And back before she was J.Lo, Lopez was that IN LIVING COLOR fly girl with the big ole butt trying to make a name for herself as a film actress.  Here she gives the best performance of her career.While all of the cast (Ving Rhames, Dennis Farina, Albert Brooks and Michael Keaton and Samuel L. Jackson in cameos) is solid, after Clooney and Lopez the real star is Don Cheadle.  He is quite convincing as the prison boxer Snoopy.  He oozes rage and steals every scene that he's in.While all of the cast (Ving Rhames, Dennis Farina, Albert Brooks and Michael Keaton and Samuel L. Jackson in cameos) is solid, after Clooney and Lopez the real star is Don Cheadle.  He is quite convincing as the prison boxer Snoopy.  He oozes rage and steals every scene that he's in.Plots based on books by Elmore Leonard tend to be above average, but are mostly dependent upon the colorful characters he writes.  Thanks to the talent of all involved, this movie is one of the best
 I didn't think it would be that great and only saw it for Joshua Jackson, but the plot twists were really good and I enjoyed it a lot. And of course, Kate Hudson, whom I adore, (even though I didn't pay much attention to her in this one). But yeah, I really liked the end. And this is where I first heard of Norman Reedus. Then I saw the Boondock Saints. :-D This is a good movie and is very underappreciated. 
 WOW. This movie is outrageous. It was a great movie for both Ice Cube and Mike Epps. They were both great in Next Friday, so I was ready for this movie. I recommend this movie to those who enjoy comedy with their action. There is a lot of both here. I also recommend Friday After Next, because Ice Cube and Mike Epps are in that as well
 The seconf GIG is trying to be good. I only watch the show just to see the action the story is boring. I love the being opening scene with the music playing even the animation is a little better then the first season. And its a bit more mature then the first season
 if you are a GHITS SAC fan this DVD is a must, series wise the dvd contains 4 new episodes and the tachikoma stories are back as well, in fact the tachikoma's are now back in action in the series Too. Graphic wise, 2nd gig drops the funny pastel look of the first season and returns to its dark look as it was in the first movie, the CG is allot more fine-tuned and the action is awesome!!!, the opener has also improved significantly for the series!!!, Sound wise the series is awesome as usual 5.1 DTS Japanese & 5.1 DTS English, with stereo for both and there are English subtitles if you chose to run it with Japanese audio. Overall they squealed SAC season 1 perfectly, this not a series to miss if you're a shell fan!   
 This DVD has wonderful workouts.  I think the flexibility of 10 min. workouts to target certain areas is a fabulous idea.  It keeps me motivated to keep going.This DVD has wonderful workouts.  I think the flexibility of 10 min. workouts to target certain areas is a fabulous idea.  It keeps me motivated to keep going.The DVD doesn't work as it should - you should be able to pick 3 different workouts and it will play the ones you've picked in order, this doesn't work, so I just pick the ones I want to do, one at a time and then I'm able to workout the areas I want
 I have a few friends who "don't like cartoons". I guess they were brought up on Hannah-Barbara drek and it turned them off of the whole genre. When I run into this attitude,I pull out Spirited Away and My Neighbor Totoroto show them the beauty, subtly, and power of animation.
 I first watched this performance on PBS Great Performances. It is amazing. I'm very happy to finally find a complete version of the stage show on DVD. Rachel York does a top-notch performance in the leading role. The rest of the cast is up to par. There have been other reviews that say the music is dated, or other such nonsense, but do not pay heed to them. Premiered in 1948, the musical is based on The Taming of the Shrew (Shakespeare),  and the music and lyrics are done by Cole Porter. Sometimes referred to as his masterpiece (which I agree with), the production never drags or disappoints. The lyrics are extremely witty (a trademark of Porter). The music keeps you humming along for days.
 This show is great. The 5th Season was considered so-so by critics but it is truely halarious. See 'The Ski Lift' for a classic Curb episode
 Happiness can be delicate. In just one swoop, it can stolen out from under you, just when you least expect it. The results can be often devastating - some can never recover. The family in the Italian film The Son's Room has found such happiness, but when tragedy suddenly strikes, they're engulfed in a whirlwind of grief and paralyzed with heartache.Happiness can be delicate. In just one swoop, it can stolen out from under you, just when you least expect it. The results can be often devastating - some can never recover. The family in the Italian film The Son's Room has found such happiness, but when tragedy suddenly strikes, they're engulfed in a whirlwind of grief and paralyzed with heartache.Grief is perhaps the most tangled of human emotions, and the vagaries of sadness, love, and anger that comprise its essence are often very difficult to portray. Luckily, co-writer, director, and actor Nanni Moretti avoids all the usual clichs in this delicately nuanced and subtly acted film. The Son's Room is indeed a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after sudden death strikes them. Grief is perhaps the most tangled of human emotions, and the vagaries of sadness, love, and anger that comprise its essence are often very difficult to portray. Luckily, co-writer, director, and actor Nanni Moretti avoids all the usual clichs in this delicately nuanced and subtly acted film. The Son's Room is indeed a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after sudden death strikes them. Moretti stars as Giovanni, a successful psychiatrist with a busy practice treating the assorted neurotics of the picture-perfect Northern Italian coastal town he and his family call home. Giovanni is a mild-mannered and kindly man, who has a sort of passive and submissive approach to living. Moretti stars as Giovanni, a successful psychiatrist with a busy practice treating the assorted neurotics of the picture-perfect Northern Italian coastal town he and his family call home. Giovanni is a mild-mannered and kindly man, who has a sort of passive and submissive approach to living. Giovanni also has a lovely family: he's happily married to gorgeous book publisher Paola (Laura Morante) and shares what he considers a close relationship with his teenaged daughter Irene (Jasmine Trinca) and son Andrea (Giuseppe Sanfelice). Giovanni also has a lovely family: he's happily married to gorgeous book publisher Paola (Laura Morante) and shares what he considers a close relationship with his teenaged daughter Irene (Jasmine Trinca) and son Andrea (Giuseppe Sanfelice). He presides over his wife and two children with a kind of flaccid authority, enveloping them with the same deceptively passive doctoral concern with which he counsels his psychiatric patients. He supports, and heals, less by what he says than by what he doesn't say. He quietly coaches Andrea in soccer moves, while encouraging Irene to be more competitive at basketball. He presides over his wife and two children with a kind of flaccid authority, enveloping them with the same deceptively passive doctoral concern with which he counsels his psychiatric patients. He supports, and heals, less by what he says than by what he doesn't say. He quietly coaches Andrea in soccer moves, while encouraging Irene to be more competitive at basketball. Perhaps it's an ominous portent of what is to come, but the film opens as Andrea and his friends have been accused of stealing a valuable fossil from the school's Science department. Giovanni and Paola are surprised to find they entertaining the idea that their son may in fact be guilty as charged. However, no one takes the incident that seriously.Perhaps it's an ominous portent of what is to come, but the film opens as Andrea and his friends have been accused of stealing a valuable fossil from the school's Science department. Giovanni and Paola are surprised to find they entertaining the idea that their son may in fact be guilty as charged. However, no one takes the incident that seriously.If this is the only drama that affects Giovanni's serene life, nothing prepares him for the sudden tragedy that occurs one sunny Sunday afternoon. Called away from home by a desperate client, Giovanni cancels his plans to go jogging with Andrea; and it's a fatal choice that haunts him for months to come.  The accident, when it happens, is so unexpected. The loss giving rise to sorrow, rage, tenderness, and the inexplicable feeling that hope is no longer possible. The family, emotionally fractured, is unable to continue on. Plunged into unimaginable grief, Giovanni attempts to carry on with his life, but bereft of his objectivity, he finds he's no longer able to function as an analyst.The accident, when it happens, is so unexpected. The loss giving rise to sorrow, rage, tenderness, and the inexplicable feeling that hope is no longer possible. The family, emotionally fractured, is unable to continue on. Plunged into unimaginable grief, Giovanni attempts to carry on with his life, but bereft of his objectivity, he finds he's no longer able to function as an analyst.The Son's Room, with it's subtle acting and its pensive, emotionally layered story, remains a startling testament to the delicate nuances of grief. And it's as though Moretti has invited the viewer to spy on a deeply personal event in the life of a very ordinary family. Like a fly on the wall we witness the sadness, the regret, the empty dinners and the overwhelming feeling of whether they could have done anything to stop the accident. The Son's Room, with it's subtle acting and its pensive, emotionally layered story, remains a startling testament to the delicate nuances of grief. And it's as though Moretti has invited the viewer to spy on a deeply personal event in the life of a very ordinary family. Like a fly on the wall we witness the sadness, the regret, the empty dinners and the overwhelming feeling of whether they could have done anything to stop the accident. Moretti, whose eyes glitter with knowledge from within a bland, bearded, professorial face, gives a wonderful performance, as does the classy Morente as the beautiful, anguished Paola. While Giovanni wanders dazed through a theme park, numb to the grief, Paola fields a desire to talk about the absent child. Moretti, whose eyes glitter with knowledge from within a bland, bearded, professorial face, gives a wonderful performance, as does the classy Morente as the beautiful, anguished Paola. While Giovanni wanders dazed through a theme park, numb to the grief, Paola fields a desire to talk about the absent child. A savior for the family arrives in a letter addressed to the deceased, and when the writer appears on the family's doorstep, she offers the grace note that reminds them of the means by which happiness eventually repairs itself and the unavoidable fact that life goes on. There's no catharsis here, only a heartfelt exploration of what it means to grieve. Mike Leonard August 05. 
 This series is awesome, and I am incredibly happy to have it to watch over and over.  It speaks to the depths of the soul of a man.  Having experienced intense pain, though not in war, I find the emotion and the comeradery very intensely satisfying in this series.  This bonding is what men were meant to do, not just in war, but in our every day battles.  The sense of brotherhood among people with only one major event in common is instructional.  I recommend this for any group of buddies, or even church groups
 Very good acting and a fantastic script put this movie at the top of the list of must see movies of this decade.Very good acting and a fantastic script put this movie at the top of the list of must see movies of this decade.You have to decide for yourself about the spiritual quality and message but I personally thought it was well done.You have to decide for yourself about the spiritual quality and message but I personally thought it was well done.Joaquin Phoenix puts in his usual top notch performance
 Not only does the movie Signs offer a wonderfully different kind of alien/ufo tale, but its characters are very likable and the story is about much more than aliens from another planet. The story's true question is this: does everything just happen by chance, or is God caring for His children in ways they simply cannot understand? Signs is the story of hope lost, faith put aside because of intense pain and grief, and how one man's relationship with God affects the lives of those around him. We were amazed by how truly moving this film is, as well as how humorous it can be, and we were impressed with the acting of all the cast. Does everything just happen by chance, or is God caring for His children in ways they simply cannot understand?
 This movie is obviously not for everyone. It's not a comedy that you just put in and sit back and be shut down the old cranium for the two plus hour's. Nope, instead you get the muscle a-cranking. Huckabees requires you to really pay attention and think and take everything in. This film explores several questions mainly dealing with the connection between one person and to the heart, soul, and body of every other thing in existence in an ever-changing world. This film is a big orgy of questioning. And who doesn't like questioning? This film, in its own right, is very original and thought provoking that goes above and beyond any form of typicality of films.This movie is obviously not for everyone. It's not a comedy that you just put in and sit back and be shut down the old cranium for the two plus hour's. Nope, instead you get the muscle a-cranking. Huckabees requires you to really pay attention and think and take everything in. This film explores several questions mainly dealing with the connection between one person and to the heart, soul, and body of every other thing in existence in an ever-changing world. This film is a big orgy of questioning. And who doesn't like questioning? This film, in its own right, is very original and thought provoking that goes above and beyond any form of typicality of films."Huckabees" offers us an impressive cast with Dustin Hoffman, Lily Tomlin, Jason Schwartzman, Jude Law, Mark Wahlberg, Isabelle Huppert (one of my favorite international actress's) and Naomi Watts. Most notable performances by, namely, Dustin Hoffman as it's nice to see him in an exceptional role. He hasn't really been given a great script and chance to portray a great character since probably 1997's "Wag the Dog." It's very nice to see Hoffman play a great character, as Bernard, the quirky husband half of the existential detectives. Also, most notable is the performance of Mark Wahlberg, as Tommy Corn, another client of the detectives that befriends Albert. Tommy is a fire fighter who has his own environmental concerns as he refuses to ride on the fire truck and rather, rides a bike to the fire saying, "We'd all be heroes if we stopped using petroleum." Mark Wahlberg is hilarious in this movie and has his best performance since probably "Boogie Nights" and "Three Kings." However, this movie is much more of an ensemble performance than anything else. The ensemble's performance in this film is terrific and the chemistry between each character is flawless. "Huckabees" offers us an impressive cast with Dustin Hoffman, Lily Tomlin, Jason Schwartzman, Jude Law, Mark Wahlberg, Isabelle Huppert (one of my favorite international actress's) and Naomi Watts. Most notable performances by, namely, Dustin Hoffman as it's nice to see him in an exceptional role. He hasn't really been given a great script and chance to portray a great character since probably 1997's "Wag the Dog." It's very nice to see Hoffman play a great character, as Bernard, the quirky husband half of the existential detectives. Also, most notable is the performance of Mark Wahlberg, as Tommy Corn, another client of the detectives that befriends Albert. Tommy is a fire fighter who has his own environmental concerns as he refuses to ride on the fire truck and rather, rides a bike to the fire saying, "We'd all be heroes if we stopped using petroleum." Mark Wahlberg is hilarious in this movie and has his best performance since probably "Boogie Nights" and "Three Kings." However, this movie is much more of an ensemble performance than anything else. The ensemble's performance in this film is terrific and the chemistry between each character is flawless. The most credit to this movie goes to writer/director David O. Russell. Russell has obviously something going on up there in the cabeza to extract such a story. But the story is amazingly written. The script is out of the ordinary yet genius and comes out as one of the most intelligent films out there and hilarious at that.
 She just keeps getting better and better.  I love this woman, she makes us all look at ourselves and laugh over situations that are hurtful.  I personally will keep an open mind and try to copy some of her down to earth common sense a lot uf us have let go of for whatever reason.  Way to go girl..
 One thing about Arrested Development that I forgot to mention in my previous review is how the humor holds up nicely over the years.  What I found funny last year when I was watching the show is JUST as consistently funny now.  In fact, now that I understand the style of humor better, I think the show is even funnier now.  One thing about Arrested Development that I forgot to mention in my previous review is how the humor holds up nicely over the years.  What I found funny last year when I was watching the show is JUST as consistently funny now.  In fact, now that I understand the style of humor better, I think the show is even funnier now.  Fox had something good cooking with Arrested Development.  It seems whenever a show doesn't get the ratings a network wants, a network will move the show to another night and timeslot in the hope of achieving better ratings.  It VERY rarely works, and sadly Arrested Development is another example of this.  Fox had something good cooking with Arrested Development.  It seems whenever a show doesn't get the ratings a network wants, a network will move the show to another night and timeslot in the hope of achieving better ratings.  It VERY rarely works, and sadly Arrested Development is another example of this.  I can't blame Fox for pulling the plug.  After all, they tried their hardest to promote the show.  I remember Sunday nights watching the Simpsons and during the commercials the people at Fox REALLY wanted viewers to tune in.  The writers of the show should be proud that Fox tried very hard to keep it on the air.  It's just unfortunate people didn't want to watch it.  I still believe if more people were willing to pay attention to the characters on the show and made a solid effort to get involved in the twisted storylines instead of assuming the show should be like a regular laugh track comedy, Arrested Development would be around today.  I can't blame Fox for pulling the plug.  After all, they tried their hardest to promote the show.  I remember Sunday nights watching the Simpsons and during the commercials the people at Fox REALLY wanted viewers to tune in.  The writers of the show should be proud that Fox tried very hard to keep it on the air.  It's just unfortunate people didn't want to watch it.  I still believe if more people were willing to pay attention to the characters on the show and made a solid effort to get involved in the twisted storylines instead of assuming the show should be like a regular laugh track comedy, Arrested Development would be around today.  As it stands, 53 episodes are all we have of this great show.  Honestly, it's not enough, but will have to do.  As it stands, 53 episodes are all we have of this great show.  Honestly, it's not enough, but will have to do.  Do we really NEED anymore laugh track comedies?  Aren't there more than enough of them on the air now?  Most of these shows people won't even recognize when they hear the name of them because there's so many.  Most comedies that feature a laughing audience are exactly the same, and they blend together.  One plainly obvious joke after another.  I'm bored just thinking about it.  We've reached a time when television has changed with all sorts of reality shows and whatnot, and changing the format of the comedy genre to a direction similar to Arrested Development is the right move, in my opinion.  The times need to change.  Do we really NEED anymore laugh track comedies?  Aren't there more than enough of them on the air now?  Most of these shows people won't even recognize when they hear the name of them because there's so many.  Most comedies that feature a laughing audience are exactly the same, and they blend together.  One plainly obvious joke after another.  I'm bored just thinking about it.  We've reached a time when television has changed with all sorts of reality shows and whatnot, and changing the format of the comedy genre to a direction similar to Arrested Development is the right move, in my opinion.  The times need to change.  People make a big deal about Arrested Development because there's really NOTHING else like it on television.  That's why the show deserves all the 5-star ratings it has received here on amazon.  People wouldn't be praising the show so much if there wasn't a good reason for it.  Trust me, there's a reason for all the positive reviews.  Buy one of the DVD season sets, pop a bag of popcorn in the microwave, watch the show *carefully* and experience the joy so many people are raving about. 
 THIS IS A GREAT DVD ABOUT CAGE MATCHES. IT HAS A LOT OF VIOLENT MATCHES ON IT AND A LOT OF CLASSIC CAGE MATCHES. BUT THE REASON WHY I I AM GIVING THIS 4 STARS IS BECAUSE MOST OF THE MATCHES ON HERE ARE JIPS.(MATCHES JOINED IN PROGRESS.) IT WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER IF ALL THE MATCHES WERE FULL. BUT ON DISC 2 IT HAS 7 FULL MATCHES BUT THAT IS STILL NO ENOUGH MATCHES. THIS DVD IS WORTH A BUY BUT REMEBER ONLY 7 MATCHES ARE FULL
 I've been doing this DVD workout for two years, and I still can't make it all the way through the "level 2" workouts.  This video is incredibly challenging, but I like that I can do the "level 1" workouts and have the goal of making it to the next level one day.  No other DVD can accomplish what Tamilee does in 15 minutes.  This really makes me value how efficient she is at giving you exercises that are really challenging and in a short amount of time.  I am always sore the next day when I do her workouts.  This is a great DVD
 I am absolutely in love with this movie. It's a real documentary, not a mocumentary, but it is hilarious. The special features on the DVD aren't amazing, but the movie itself is absolutely wonderful
 In the same way he was able to extract a searing performance from Andy Griffith in 1957's "A Face in the Crowd", master director Elia Kazan gets similarly stellar results from Natalie Wood in this classic 1961 melodrama about youthful sexual repression in rural 1920's Kansas. In the same year as her Maria in "West Side Story", she has never been more affecting then she is here as Deanie Loomis, the local butcher's daughter deeply in love with Bud Stamper, the son of an oil scion and the high school football hero. They are the senior sweethearts everyone expects to marry, but both have to battle constantly with their sexual longing and their grasping parents.In the same way he was able to extract a searing performance from Andy Griffith in 1957's "A Face in the Crowd", master director Elia Kazan gets similarly stellar results from Natalie Wood in this classic 1961 melodrama about youthful sexual repression in rural 1920's Kansas. In the same year as her Maria in "West Side Story", she has never been more affecting then she is here as Deanie Loomis, the local butcher's daughter deeply in love with Bud Stamper, the son of an oil scion and the high school football hero. They are the senior sweethearts everyone expects to marry, but both have to battle constantly with their sexual longing and their grasping parents.The ruling moral code restricts Deanie more than Bud who ends up cavorting with a good-time girl named Juanita. The indiscretion overwhelms Deanie who attempts suicide and ends up in a sanitarium for her fragile mental state. A few years later with their lives on divergent paths, they meet again to come to terms with each other. While the whole film is beautifully executed thanks to Kazan's sure hand and William Inge's screenplay (his first directly for the screen), it's the last fifteen minutes that really resonate with the characters expressing their emotions with a minimum of dialogue. Otherwise, there are plenty of heated moments of melodrama along with soap opera elements familiar to anyone who has seen 1955's "Picnic" based on Inge's successful Broadway play.The ruling moral code restricts Deanie more than Bud who ends up cavorting with a good-time girl named Juanita. The indiscretion overwhelms Deanie who attempts suicide and ends up in a sanitarium for her fragile mental state. A few years later with their lives on divergent paths, they meet again to come to terms with each other. While the whole film is beautifully executed thanks to Kazan's sure hand and William Inge's screenplay (his first directly for the screen), it's the last fifteen minutes that really resonate with the characters expressing their emotions with a minimum of dialogue. Otherwise, there are plenty of heated moments of melodrama along with soap opera elements familiar to anyone who has seen 1955's "Picnic" based on Inge's successful Broadway play.At her most beautiful, Wood is wondrous as she moves fluidly from innocently infatuated to obsessive to resigned. As the none-too-bright Bud, Warren Beatty is charismatic in his film debut and makes Deanie's powerful fixation completely understandable. There are several standout performances among the supporting cast with Audrey Christie pitch-perfect as Deanie's unsympathetic mother, Pat Hingle in blowhard mode as Bud's power-hungry father, and Zohra Lampert as Angie, the self-effacing waitress Bud meets at Yale. The classic Wordsworth poem from which the film's title is derived makes a fitting coda for this movie, and I still feel the intractable sense of longing in the two lead characters every time I see this movie. The 2001 DVD unfortunately has no extras
 This is the best Batman volume yet! The old Robin ( Dick Grayson ), travels around the world and becomes Nightwing. A new Robin fights by Batman's side ( Tim Drake ), and Batgirl is part of the group. Many villains look different. Clayface looks more like clay, and Bane looks more and act more like a freelance assasin. I will now tell you how good each episode is.This is the best Batman volume yet! The old Robin ( Dick Grayson ), travels around the world and becomes Nightwing. A new Robin fights by Batman's side ( Tim Drake ), and Batgirl is part of the group. Many villains look different. Clayface looks more like clay, and Bane looks more and act more like a freelance assasin. I will now tell you how good each episode is.This is the best Batman volume yet! The old Robin ( Dick Grayson ), travels around the world and becomes Nightwing. A new Robin fights by Batman's side ( Tim Drake ), and Batgirl is part of the group. Many villains look different. Clayface looks more like clay, and Bane looks more and act more like a freelance assasin. I will now tell you how good each episode is.      Disc 1:Holiday Knights=A             Sins Of The Father=A+             Cold Comfort=A-             Double Talk=A-             You Scratch My Back=A             Never Fear=A+             Never Fear=A+      Disc 2:Joker's Millions=B++             Growing Pains=A++             Love Is A Croc=B+             Torch Song=A-             The Ultimate Thrill=B+             Over The Edge=A++             Over The Edge=A++      Disc 3:Mean Seasons=B+             Critters=A-             Cult Of The Cat=A             Animal Act=A+             Old Wounds=A++             The Demon Within=A             The Demon Within=A      Disc 4:Legends Of The Dark Knight=A-Superman Episode-Girl's Nite Out=A             Mad Love=B++             Chemistry=A             Beware The Creeper=A++             Judgement Day=B+                                                                                                                       
 The "Back to the Future" trilogy was excellent.  The item was in perfect condition and arrived quickly.  My husband, who owns a DeLorean, was happy to get the whole story and we have enjoyed watching the old movies. 
 This is my favorite movie. I like it all: screenplay, director, actors, etc. Believe it brilliant
 Whats not to like about CT?  I own this DVD and the audio double cd.  Thats it-believe me, thats all you'll need. What really makes it worth it is the "commentary".  A fabulous and totally hillarious walk thru of all the songs on the DVD. I can think of no other band that has the ability to laugh at themselves like these guys do. That humor along with superior musicianship makes them as well as this DVD a must have!
 The boys take the stage on their hometown for a "silver" anniversary concert and pull out all the stops. Guest stars abound along with a host of other musicians add to the celebration and the crowd was indeed rabid. All the songs are represented here that CT fans expect and are delivered with verve. All band members are represented here, and even former bassist Jon Brandt joins in for his album cuts. The DVD offers up a nice selection of extras including Rick Nielson hamming it up for the camera off stage (and on stage of course). Cheap Trick wails and all is right in the world. Now for the negatives from this release. Sound is just okay, after some heavy EQ work I was able to get a very good sound from my Sony 5.1 system, but camera work is indeed lacking. Cameras used for long shots had badly overexposed pictures much of the time and many of the handheld shots were in wrong position, but that may have been an editing problem. All in all I give the performance 5-stars and production 3 stars (a very generous 3-stars). 
 This 1954 musical release is just too good/too fun to pass up. Adam (Howard Keel - oh my god, what a voice) needs a wife and zeros in on Milly (Jane Powell) to drag back to his Oregon Territory farm and six unruly brothers. The tiny beauty has a backbone and rises to the challenge. Milly makes believers out of them. The brothers decide they want wives of their own and kidnap more cuties from town. Whoops, they forgot to drag the preacher along too and the pass gets snowed-in for winter.This 1954 musical release is just too good/too fun to pass up. Adam (Howard Keel - oh my god, what a voice) needs a wife and zeros in on Milly (Jane Powell) to drag back to his Oregon Territory farm and six unruly brothers. The tiny beauty has a backbone and rises to the challenge. Milly makes believers out of them. The brothers decide they want wives of their own and kidnap more cuties from town. Whoops, they forgot to drag the preacher along too and the pass gets snowed-in for winter.The songs are lovely, the story charming, but it's the dance choreography that brings me back again and again. There are two numbers in particular which showcase the brothers' dance skills, and they are outstanding. Julie Newmar of Catwoman fame is one of the kidnapped cuties. They stick her in the back or whisk her out completely for the more involved dance routines, but who cares, it's Julie Newmar
 You know you have a hit on your hands when even your boys want to sit and watch this wonderful video over and over again! I pass them walking around the house humming the music and even asking for art materials to try some of the things they have seen in the video. Best educational video I have seen for motivating the creative side of children and it has motivated me to buy other Brainy Baby videos. Try it-you won't be dissapointed!
 This movie may not be for everyone, but to me it's highly memorable.This movie may not be for everyone, but to me it's highly memorable.POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT:POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT:This isn't your ordinary "travel back in time to alter the futures of people you care about"-flick (Back to the Future--although, granted, it was better made and more entertaining).Butterfly Effect is really about (in alphabetical order) acceptance, chance, charity, choice, grownup love, hope, identity, opportunity, regret, and sacrifice.Butterfly Effect is really about (in alphabetical order) acceptance, chance, charity, choice, grownup love, hope, identity, opportunity, regret, and sacrifice.Some reviewers mentioned the quality of acting.  Here are my thoughts:Kutcher to me always seemed an innocent, caring, small town fellow more than the fun guy most of us might know him as, and that's why I wasn't surprised to see him pull off this role.  Amy Smart was good mostly, but glaringly off-key at times (granted she had to show more range the the other actors)
 This definitely is one of the best movies to own!! If you haven't seen it yet, you should... If you've seen the movie "Blood In, Blood Out", then you should definitely see this one... if you haven't seen either one, then i reccommend you buying them both as a combo pack or separately (if you want to save $$)...This definitely is one of the best movies to own!! If you haven't seen it yet, you should... If you've seen the movie "Blood In, Blood Out", then you should definitely see this one... if you haven't seen either one, then i reccommend you buying them both as a combo pack or separately (if you want to save $$)...I don't know which one i love more out of the two, because i know i've watched each movie more then 30 times... Both movies are pretty similar to each other... but "Blood In, Blood Out" kinda focuses on the 3 brothers, and the paths each of them takes, where as "American Me" focuses on the paths of the main characters in this movie (like Santana, Puppet, Lil' Puppet, etc).. but not only does it show their lifestyles, but it also focuses on how its having an effect on their families, and how their families feel about the life that their kids are leading... "American Me" i think involves more of the family in this picture and culture (La Raza) then "Blood In, Blood Out" does... it also shows its origin, like the Pachuco's (Zoot Suit's, Zoot Suit riots).. This movie is pretty close to 5 stars in my book... To me i think it definitely is 1/2 star better then "Blood In, Blood Out"...becuase this one seems to have alot more of a story line to it, and more characters its focusing on... both in and outside the prison walls..I don't know which one i love more out of the two, because i know i've watched each movie more then 30 times... Both movies are pretty similar to each other... but "Blood In, Blood Out" kinda focuses on the 3 brothers, and the paths each of them takes, where as "American Me" focuses on the paths of the main characters in this movie (like Santana, Puppet, Lil' Puppet, etc).. but not only does it show their lifestyles, but it also focuses on how its having an effect on their families, and how their families feel about the life that their kids are leading... "American Me" i think involves more of the family in this picture and culture (La Raza) then "Blood In, Blood Out" does... it also shows its origin, like the Pachuco's (Zoot Suit's, Zoot Suit riots).. This movie is pretty close to 5 stars in my book... To me i think it definitely is 1/2 star better then "Blood In, Blood Out"...becuase this one seems to have alot more of a story line to it, and more characters its focusing on... both in and outside the prison walls..If you're not sure about owning it, rent it first... but i can pretty much guarantee that you'll eventually end up owning it
 An intriging suspense film with a shocking ending.  The clues are obvious throughout the film, but the viewer is, nevertheless, surprised and possibily amazed.  Alan Rickman shines as David Weinburg, the social climbing husband. His performance shows his versality as an actor. For viewers who like suspense Dark Harbor is a must
  This excellent DVD gives us a remarkable version of Martin Scorsese's film. It has been color corrected by Scorsese himself, and remastered for superior sound quality.The concert on Thanksgiving Day in 1976 was the final concert of The Band, with its original lineup. Numerous special musical guests enhanced the occasion. The Band were clearly at the top of their game that night, despite whatever personal tensions may have existed between them. Classic songs like "Up on Cripple Creek", "Stage Fright",and "They Night They Drove Old Dixie Down" are given excellent rendtions. The guest stars seem to be having a good time, with backing by The Band themselves. Ronnie Hawkins does an outstanding "Who Do You Love". Dr. John does his classic "Such A Night". Joni Mitchell performs her underrated "Coyote". A high-kickin' Van Morrison rocks the house with "Caravan". And blues legend Muddy Waters does a spectacular "Mannish Boy". In a "making of" featurette, Scorsese says Waters' perforance of this song was almost not filmed, because most of the cameras ran out of film. Fortunately, one cameraman caught the whole song, so we can have this excellent performance. Neil Young, Eric Clapton,and Bob Dylan are just some of the other performers in this outstanding lineup. Scorsese also provides excellent behind the scenes interviews with the members of The Band. The DVD also incudes two commentaries. One features Scorsese and Robbie Robertson, the other features Levon Helm, Garth Hudson, and guests stars Hawkins and Mavis Staples. They all have good stories to tell, and serve to enhance the film quite well. A previously unseen jam, and an eight page booklet written by Robertson round out the DVD. I highly reccomend this DVD to this classic film's many fans
 Welcome to the Lower East Side, where the high-rise apartments of the super-rich abut the tenements on the riverside. Here Joel McCrea, a poor would-be architect, is infatuated with rich girl Wendy Barrie, while poor girl Sylvia Sidney pines for him, all the while trying to save her younger brother from a life of crime on the streets. Into the scene strides Humphrey Bogart as a wanted killer, coming home to try to reconnect with his mother and an old flame. Intersecting with the adult storyline is that of the Dead End Kids (in what would be the first of many screen appearances), of which Sidney's brother is the leader.Welcome to the Lower East Side, where the high-rise apartments of the super-rich abut the tenements on the riverside. Here Joel McCrea, a poor would-be architect, is infatuated with rich girl Wendy Barrie, while poor girl Sylvia Sidney pines for him, all the while trying to save her younger brother from a life of crime on the streets. Into the scene strides Humphrey Bogart as a wanted killer, coming home to try to reconnect with his mother and an old flame. Intersecting with the adult storyline is that of the Dead End Kids (in what would be the first of many screen appearances), of which Sidney's brother is the leader.The film is based on a play, and boy can you tell. The studio set is deeply obvious as such, and the structure is too carefully symmetrical. The social symbolism is subtle as a sledgehammer, and the script is too caught up with being Worthy. Bogart's performance is a striking one, however, and his character stands out as fully realized when compared to the walking Social Messages incarnated by Sidney and McCrea. The Dead End Kids (also known as the East Side Kids, the Bowery Boys, and the Little Tough Guys) would show again the following year in Angels with Dirty Faces, and viewing the two films together is instructive, showing, among other things, the difference between MGM's gloss (which sat uneasily on a gangster story) and Warner's far more convincing grit.The film is based on a play, and boy can you tell. The studio set is deeply obvious as such, and the structure is too carefully symmetrical. The social symbolism is subtle as a sledgehammer, and the script is too caught up with being Worthy. Bogart's performance is a striking one, however, and his character stands out as fully realized when compared to the walking Social Messages incarnated by Sidney and McCrea. The Dead End Kids (also known as the East Side Kids, the Bowery Boys, and the Little Tough Guys) would show again the following year in Angels with Dirty Faces, and viewing the two films together is instructive, showing, among other things, the difference between MGM's gloss (which sat uneasily on a gangster story) and Warner's far more convincing grit.The mono track is in good shape. The print is in pretty good shape, but there's no hiding the fact that this is a film from 1937. The trailer is here, and nothing else. The menu is basic.The mono track is in good shape. The print is in pretty good shape, but there's no hiding the fact that this is a film from 1937. The trailer is here, and nothing else. The menu is basic.Once celebrated with Oscar nominations, this film now seems rather silly compared to the Warner gangster films of the same period. But it has a definite historical value, and certainly deserves its release
 This continuation of the Anne series on screen is very well done, and captures the flavor of the characters and story as well as the first installment did.  The only problem is that it drastically condenses the three books it supposedly covers.  What it really does is just focus on a few key incidents, and drastically truncates Anne's college and teaching experiences.  Morgan Harris and family have been created to very basically cover the story components of Roy Gardner, Sophy Sinclair, Old Mrs. Gibson and Pauline, and Elizabeth.  This installment ends with Anne and Gilbert becoming engaged.  I highly recommend it - just don't expect the same level of detail as "Anne of Green Gables" provided
 What a complilation!  Much better than what availiable out there on him. It was good to see some of the old clips from the Sixties of Marvin.  I know that there's got to be more. I especially liked the clip with Tammi Terrell.  I was great to see her flirting with him while they were performing.  That's the stuff of legends.  I hope Motown continues this series of DVD's with their other acts.
 Brilliant is an often overworked phrase, but in the case of *Hamlet* starring Mel Gibson, the word cannot be used enough.  For brevity's sake, I will save Zeffirelli's cudos for another time and place except to say that he has done a good thing.  This review is for Chris Devore and his beautiful working and dramturgy of the more than difficult Shakespeare script.  Devore somehow makes it better.  Were he in London, late 1500's, he would have been a collaborator, making Will's work the pearl it is today.  My only plea is that, at some date, we will get to see Gibson give the advice to the players which was omitted so that other pieces could be spared.Brilliant is an often overworked phrase, but in the case of *Hamlet* starring Mel Gibson, the word cannot be used enough.  For brevity's sake, I will save Zeffirelli's cudos for another time and place except to say that he has done a good thing.  This review is for Chris Devore and his beautiful working and dramturgy of the more than difficult Shakespeare script.  Devore somehow makes it better.  Were he in London, late 1500's, he would have been a collaborator, making Will's work the pearl it is today.  My only plea is that, at some date, we will get to see Gibson give the advice to the players which was omitted so that other pieces could be spared.This may have been Glenn Close's best work.  This is not a complaint, but rather a sign that anyting else she may have or has done cannot be any better than this wonderful, small role.  Ophelia (Close) has an important commentary that must be heard in order for the play to work - Will was no fool - and it needs a Close to do it.This may have been Glenn Close's best work.  This is not a complaint, but rather a sign that anyting else she may have or has done cannot be any better than this wonderful, small role.  Ophelia (Close) has an important commentary that must be heard in order for the play to work - Will was no fool - and it needs a Close to do it.Alan Bates has been a staple of English theatre and screen and has delivered many fine parts (such as Gabriel Oaks in *Far From the Madding Crowd*, 1967).  As Claudius, the regicide and brother of Hamlet, Senior, Bates makes you believe that his reign could have been noble except for that one small cancer, that flaw in his character - very clintonian and very believable.Alan Bates has been a staple of English theatre and screen and has delivered many fine parts (such as Gabriel Oaks in *Far From the Madding Crowd*, 1967).  As Claudius, the regicide and brother of Hamlet, Senior, Bates makes you believe that his reign could have been noble except for that one small cancer, that flaw in his character - very clintonian and very believable.I have wanted to kick Ian Holm's ever since Ash hurt Ripley in *Alien*, 1979.  I have to keep reminding myself that he really is that believable and that I really don't hate him, It's the character he has created so well.  His body of work is repleat with characters of such believability that you forget his name - IAN HOLM - until he does it again, the next time, in the next movie.  If films were strictly Hasidic, Holm's version of Polonius would be Kosher.  There is not one piece of ham in his entire performance. It is worth the purchase of the DVD just to see him act.I have wanted to kick Ian Holm's ever since Ash hurt Ripley in *Alien*, 1979.  I have to keep reminding myself that he really is that believable and that I really don't hate him, It's the character he has created so well.  His body of work is repleat with characters of such believability that you forget his name - IAN HOLM - until he does it again, the next time, in the next movie.  If films were strictly Hasidic, Holm's version of Polonius would be Kosher.  There is not one piece of ham in his entire performance. It is worth the purchase of the DVD just to see him act.Everyone is good in the movie and there is not time to talk about all of them.  But a note to those whose noses are airbourne and won't tolerate anyone but Olivier as Hamlet.  There are several uneven performances in his excellent movie.  There are no uneven performances in this piece.Everyone is good in the movie and there is not time to talk about all of them.  But a note to those whose noses are airbourne and won't tolerate anyone but Olivier as Hamlet.  There are several uneven performances in his excellent movie.  There are no uneven performances in this piece.Finally, we come to the mad prince of Denmark.  It is most astonishing that I watched this epic again after Mel's dark night of the troll, thrashing about in complete insanity, arguably brought on by hard likker, frustration, and stupidity.  Yet with all said, Gibson IS the essential Hamlet.  You will find no other actor who delivers the goods the way the Cruiser from the Boozer does.Finally, we come to the mad prince of Denmark.  It is most astonishing that I watched this epic again after Mel's dark night of the troll, thrashing about in complete insanity, arguably brought on by hard likker, frustration, and stupidity.  Yet with all said, Gibson IS the essential Hamlet.  You will find no other actor who delivers the goods the way the Cruiser from the Boozer does.You know this is true, not just by watching the exquisite performance on the DVD, but by Gibson's own marvelling at what was accomplished, not because of some actor's raison d'etre, but rather by the actor's very ability to understand that he is dealing with things that go beyond the ken of normal humans.  IS Hamlet crazy, or crazy like a fox?  And when is he crazy we get to hear Mel say in the devastating interview he made for the DVD release many years gone by.You know this is true, not just by watching the exquisite performance on the DVD, but by Gibson's own marvelling at what was accomplished, not because of some actor's raison d'etre, but rather by the actor's very ability to understand that he is dealing with things that go beyond the ken of normal humans.  IS Hamlet crazy, or crazy like a fox?  And when is he crazy we get to hear Mel say in the devastating interview he made for the DVD release many years gone by.So, enough from me.So, enough from me.If you want to see the best Hamlet ever, buy this DVD and feast.If you want to see the best Hamlet ever, buy this DVD and feast.- Dick Anderso
 Harvey Milk was the elected supervisor of District 6 in San Francisco when he was murdered--along with Mayor George Moscone on November 27, 1978, by fellow supervisor, Dan White (who later claimed the infamous "Twinkie defense"). The film "The Times of Harvey Milk" firmly places the murder of Milk, a gay politician, into the politically significant context of the times. The crime, the verdict, and the sentence served were all shocking. This film tells the story behind the headlines. Harvey Milk was the elected supervisor of District 6 in San Francisco when he was murdered--along with Mayor George Moscone on November 27, 1978, by fellow supervisor, Dan White (who later claimed the infamous "Twinkie defense"). The film "The Times of Harvey Milk" firmly places the murder of Milk, a gay politician, into the politically significant context of the times. The crime, the verdict, and the sentence served were all shocking. This film tells the story behind the headlines. Milk was a stockbroker on the East Coast, when he decided to pull up roots and head for San Francisco. He opened a camera shop on Castro Street and quickly earned the name of "Mayor of Castro Street" for his enthusiastic community involvement. His interest led to several failed attempts to run for city office, but when the city's elections ran by district--rather than citywide--Milk became the newly elected supervisor for the Sixth District. Milk's enthusiasm and talent for politics thrived in city hall. Milk was a stockbroker on the East Coast, when he decided to pull up roots and head for San Francisco. He opened a camera shop on Castro Street and quickly earned the name of "Mayor of Castro Street" for his enthusiastic community involvement. His interest led to several failed attempts to run for city office, but when the city's elections ran by district--rather than citywide--Milk became the newly elected supervisor for the Sixth District. Milk's enthusiasm and talent for politics thrived in city hall. The film includes photographs, newsreel footage, and many interviews with those who crossed Milk's path in a professional or personal capacity. Milk was passionate about public transportation, rent control, and the rights of seniors and gays. White, on the other hand, found San Francisco's Gay Day "obscene." Eerily, there are several photos of Milk that also include his killer--clean cut, ex-fireman and family man, Supervisor Dan White. The film explores the flavour of the times--San Francisco was becoming a gay Mecca, and there were some people who couldn't adjust to that fact. Senator John Briggs, who called San Francisco "the moral garbage dump of the nation" was fighting to get a proposition put on the ballot that would allow gay teachers to be fired. Milk fought this ballot tooth and nail, and it failed. The film includes photographs, newsreel footage, and many interviews with those who crossed Milk's path in a professional or personal capacity. Milk was passionate about public transportation, rent control, and the rights of seniors and gays. White, on the other hand, found San Francisco's Gay Day "obscene." Eerily, there are several photos of Milk that also include his killer--clean cut, ex-fireman and family man, Supervisor Dan White. The film explores the flavour of the times--San Francisco was becoming a gay Mecca, and there were some people who couldn't adjust to that fact. Senator John Briggs, who called San Francisco "the moral garbage dump of the nation" was fighting to get a proposition put on the ballot that would allow gay teachers to be fired. Milk fought this ballot tooth and nail, and it failed. The film "The Times of Harvey Milk" includes two discs. One disc contains the film, and the other disc is packed with extra features--including coverage of the film's premiere in Castro Street, a Dan White update, 1st and 25th anniversary events of the crime, director's commentary, the Academy Awards 1985, and a photo gallery. For those of us who remember the headlines, "The Times of Harvey Milk" is a fascinating documentary that places the crime firmly in the context of its time--displacedhuma
 The Danny Boyle directed "Trainspotting" was a somber view with some comedic overtones into a group of Scottish heroin addicted losers.  While the film garnered accolades, I found it to be profoundly disturbing as the seemier side of addiction was vividly depicted.  Ewan McGregor playing Mark Renton and his crew which included "Full Monty" star Robert Carlyle, as violent psycho Begbie, swing back and forth between kicking the habit and falling back in love with allure of a scag high.The Danny Boyle directed "Trainspotting" was a somber view with some comedic overtones into a group of Scottish heroin addicted losers.  While the film garnered accolades, I found it to be profoundly disturbing as the seemier side of addiction was vividly depicted.  Ewan McGregor playing Mark Renton and his crew which included "Full Monty" star Robert Carlyle, as violent psycho Begbie, swing back and forth between kicking the habit and falling back in love with allure of a scag high.Congregating in a filthy, deplorable shooting gallery the gang is shown in graphic manner getting high.  As a group they're abhorent of authority and employment and motivated only by scoring their next fix.Congregating in a filthy, deplorable shooting gallery the gang is shown in graphic manner getting high.  As a group they're abhorent of authority and employment and motivated only by scoring their next fix.McGregor attempts to kick the habit by locking himself into an apartment with needed supllies.  Remembering the constipation from a previous attempt he goes out to score suppositories.  In a humorous scene, cramps force him to use the filthiest toilet in Scotland into which he drops his precious suppositories.  He then dives into the disgusting toilet to retrieve them.McGregor attempts to kick the habit by locking himself into an apartment with needed supllies.  Remembering the constipation from a previous attempt he goes out to score suppositories.  In a humorous scene, cramps force him to use the filthiest toilet in Scotland into which he drops his precious suppositories.  He then dives into the disgusting toilet to retrieve them.McGregor eventually does clean up complete with cold turkey induced horrific hallucinations, escaping to London and working as a realtor.  His buddies follow him there and reel him back into the life.McGregor eventually does clean up complete with cold turkey induced horrific hallucinations, escaping to London and working as a realtor.  His buddies follow him there and reel him back into the life.McGregor and Carlyle and two other buddies eventually have their dreams come true,........the big drug deal.  They manage to complete the deal for 16,000 pounds which McGregor decides to steal.  He intends to use the loot to start a straight and clean life anew.  Fat chance
 Calling all "black sheeps of the family" - it is never too late for your family to come around.   In this simple yet powerful story, April and her mother learn that sometimes, those we have the most conflict with are those who are MOST like us.  Painful as it seems, we must all come to terms with dissapointment and overcome our personal fears of rejection when revealing our true selves.  
 Awesome movie, great for laughs. And you don't have to be high to enjoy it. This isn't Ghandi or Shawshank Redemption. It's not supposed to be the best movie ever made. But it does give you the laughs, so just keep laughing and stop taking it too serious
 An excellent movie about a smart conman who eventually ends up rendering his skills to the FBI. An excellent movie about a smart conman who eventually ends up rendering his skills to the FBI. The movie is not just about this, but a lot of subtle things like the relationships between Abagnale and his dad.The movie is not just about this, but a lot of subtle things like the relationships between Abagnale and his dad.Some of the scences were very well picturized-The silent mutual giggle which Abagnale(Leonardo) and his dad exchange as they walk out from the School principal's office-When Tom Hanks enquires with Abagnale's dad if he know where Leonardo is, his dad replies that 'If you had son, you will know that it is your son whom you love more than anything else'-When Tom Hanks enquires with Abagnale's dad if he know where Leonardo is, his dad replies that 'If you had son, you will know that it is your son whom you love more than anything else'Overall, it is one of the best movies I have seen. Everything in this movie deserves 5 stars
 This DVD is explaining things better than the previous version, where there were lot of gaps in understanding some of the areas of quantum theory etc. This DVD is explaining things better than the previous version, where there were lot of gaps in understanding some of the areas of quantum theory etc. Some of the theories are wonderfully animated and explained.  The crytal-photography on water meditated upon by the Japanese monk was especially awesome.Some of the theories are wonderfully animated and explained.  The crytal-photography on water meditated upon by the Japanese monk was especially awesome.They have tried their best to explain stuff that cant be easily explained by the western(modern)science .... ofcourse.....it ends in letting you ponder....they have left most of it there.  There after one has to go into religion and spirituality - particularly one place where to begin looking for would be at the "Sanathana Dharma" teachings
 I cannot recall a time when I did not love this hilarious movie, which is my favourite from the 1980's by far. The superb Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin enjoy a magical screen chemistry in "Big Business",that reminds me of some of the great comedy teams from Hollywood's Golden Age. A total laugh feast from start to finish this film strangely doesn't seem to have a high profile as comedies go however it is recommended viewing for anyone wanting a good old fashioned belly laugh and to see a comedy with probably the highest number of side splitting one liners in living memory. The premise of identical twins being mixed up at birth and meeting years later creating amusing complications is a tried and try formula for comedy however in "Big Business", it is given a new freshness by the two leads who literally fly away with the material here creating an unforgettable romp that takes us from humble Jupitor Hollow to the height of New York's business world.I cannot recall a time when I did not love this hilarious movie, which is my favourite from the 1980's by far. The superb Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin enjoy a magical screen chemistry in "Big Business",that reminds me of some of the great comedy teams from Hollywood's Golden Age. A total laugh feast from start to finish this film strangely doesn't seem to have a high profile as comedies go however it is recommended viewing for anyone wanting a good old fashioned belly laugh and to see a comedy with probably the highest number of side splitting one liners in living memory. The premise of identical twins being mixed up at birth and meeting years later creating amusing complications is a tried and try formula for comedy however in "Big Business", it is given a new freshness by the two leads who literally fly away with the material here creating an unforgettable romp that takes us from humble Jupitor Hollow to the height of New York's business world.The story begins in a flash back when wealthy New Yorkers Hunt and Binky Shelton are passing through rural backwater Jupitor Hollow when Binky goes into labour. At the same time locals Garth and Iona Ratliff also are expecting and both women give birth at the same moment and both produce twins which are not only given the same names of Sadie and Rose but are also mixed up. We move forward forty years to where Sadie Shelton is the corporate head of Moramax that is wanting to off load its ownership of Holomade, the local industry in Jupitor Hollow. Getting wind of their plans the militant Jupitor Hollow resident Rose Ratliff decides to go fight these "Pinstriped Trouser Snakes", on their own territory and Sadie eagerly follows along anxious to get out of boring Jupitor Hollow. Through a mix up they end up staying in the Plaza Hotel unknowingly right next door to their city twins where they discover such wonders as "sinks in the living room", and "soaps in the shapes of swans"! Complication piles on top of complication as Sadie Shelton's ex husband Michael (Barry Primus), can't believe the transformation when he mistakes the rural Sadie for his hard nosed wife and Jay Marshall(Michael Gross), can't for the life of him understand why Rose (Ratliff) is being so hostile towards him when he believes he is talking to demure Rose (Shelton). All comes to a head in the ladies room of all places where in a classic scene both sets of twins finally encounter each other and realise that there was a mix up at birth and that the two Sadie's are really the city Sheltons while the two Rose's are really the twins meant to be in Jupitor Hollow. The fast approaching stock holders meeting really puts the girls to the test when Sadie (Shelton), is locked up in a closet to prevent her from selling off her birthplace and its up to Sadie (Ratliff), to put all her watching of her idol Alexis Carrington in "Dynasty", to good use when in a hilarious moment she has to take over the meeting and turn the vote around from allowing Jupitor Hollow to be strip mined which she does beautifully. The story begins in a flash back when wealthy New Yorkers Hunt and Binky Shelton are passing through rural backwater Jupitor Hollow when Binky goes into labour. At the same time locals Garth and Iona Ratliff also are expecting and both women give birth at the same moment and both produce twins which are not only given the same names of Sadie and Rose but are also mixed up. We move forward forty years to where Sadie Shelton is the corporate head of Moramax that is wanting to off load its ownership of Holomade, the local industry in Jupitor Hollow. Getting wind of their plans the militant Jupitor Hollow resident Rose Ratliff decides to go fight these "Pinstriped Trouser Snakes", on their own territory and Sadie eagerly follows along anxious to get out of boring Jupitor Hollow. Through a mix up they end up staying in the Plaza Hotel unknowingly right next door to their city twins where they discover such wonders as "sinks in the living room", and "soaps in the shapes of swans"! Complication piles on top of complication as Sadie Shelton's ex husband Michael (Barry Primus), can't believe the transformation when he mistakes the rural Sadie for his hard nosed wife and Jay Marshall(Michael Gross), can't for the life of him understand why Rose (Ratliff) is being so hostile towards him when he believes he is talking to demure Rose (Shelton). All comes to a head in the ladies room of all places where in a classic scene both sets of twins finally encounter each other and realise that there was a mix up at birth and that the two Sadie's are really the city Sheltons while the two Rose's are really the twins meant to be in Jupitor Hollow. The fast approaching stock holders meeting really puts the girls to the test when Sadie (Shelton), is locked up in a closet to prevent her from selling off her birthplace and its up to Sadie (Ratliff), to put all her watching of her idol Alexis Carrington in "Dynasty", to good use when in a hilarious moment she has to take over the meeting and turn the vote around from allowing Jupitor Hollow to be strip mined which she does beautifully. Classic comedy if ever there was in my book and it reminds me of the antics of the pair of identical cousins, on the classic 1960's comedy series "The Patty Duke Show". I dont think I've ever seen Bette Midler in finer form than in "Big Business". Her comic timing and facial expressions are first rate and her switch from playing the hard as nails Sadie Shelton who's all "hostile takeovers" to the naive and totally impressionable country bumpkin Sadie Ratliff who only wants to be able to say "keep the change!" is a revelation and will send you into tail spins of laughter. Her classic mirror sequence with her "twin", is a total riot and her statement that "this whole thing has got UFO written all over it!",will have you breaking up with laughter. Equally Lily Tomlin as both country activist Rose Ratcliff, "I'm gonna go kick some snooty New York Ass!", and as Rose Shelton the awkward out of place city girl "I hate shopping and I hate New York in June!",is also top rate. Her rejection of Jay's engagement ring as a supposed "bribe" and when she then refers to the poor puzzled man as a "great big belly scraping pile of cow plop!", is one of the absolute comic highlights of the whole movie and is a scene I never tire of replaying a dozen times with each screening I have of this movie. Of course with the two sets of twins winding up both staying in adjoining suites at New York's Plaza Hotel there are many hilarious moments when outsiders get the pairs mixed up. Two of my favourites are the unfortunate desk clerk's (Joe Grifasi), continual mixing up of Sadie Shelton/Ratliff which results in his receiving a broken jaw instead of the passionate night of love making he imagined, and especially Fabio Alberici's (Michele Placido), total confusion about just who are the women who he is supposed to be doing business with - one minute they are corporate killers, the next ladies too afraid to pick up a car phone! The hilarious crossovers of characters walking in one door and coming out as another is beautifully played out in the breakfast room scenes when both women (one from the country and the other from the city), seemingly sit down for two breakfasts each much to the total confusion of each other and also the staff. It is however the unforgettable one liners that are liberally sprinkled throughout the script that create the greatest laughs and congratulations have to go to both Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin for making them seem just as fresh and funny on the tenth screening as on the first. Classics like: "Im gonna dip him in flour and fry him in his own grease!","Oh my God it's so COSMOpolitan", "Oh sure its full of crowds, smog, sex fiends, and white slavers, it's a pistol, I've got about as much use for it (New York), as a Toad has for spit pearls!", "Computer chips, they've got their ways!", and "Have you got your brains and your balls in your briefcase?", are guaranteed to crack you up with laughter as each new misunderstanding presents itself in the convoluted script. Classic comedy if ever there was in my book and it reminds me of the antics of the pair of identical cousins, on the classic 1960's comedy series "The Patty Duke Show". I dont think I've ever seen Bette Midler in finer form than in "Big Business". Her comic timing and facial expressions are first rate and her switch from playing the hard as nails Sadie Shelton who's all "hostile takeovers" to the naive and totally impressionable country bumpkin Sadie Ratliff who only wants to be able to say "keep the change!" is a revelation and will send you into tail spins of laughter. Her classic mirror sequence with her "twin", is a total riot and her statement that "this whole thing has got UFO written all over it!",will have you breaking up with laughter. Equally Lily Tomlin as both country activist Rose Ratcliff, "I'm gonna go kick some snooty New York Ass!", and as Rose Shelton the awkward out of place city girl "I hate shopping and I hate New York in June!",is also top rate. Her rejection of Jay's engagement ring as a supposed "bribe" and when she then refers to the poor puzzled man as a "great big belly scraping pile of cow plop!", is one of the absolute comic highlights of the whole movie and is a scene I never tire of replaying a dozen times with each screening I have of this movie. Of course with the two sets of twins winding up both staying in adjoining suites at New York's Plaza Hotel there are many hilarious moments when outsiders get the pairs mixed up. Two of my favourites are the unfortunate desk clerk's (Joe Grifasi), continual mixing up of Sadie Shelton/Ratliff which results in his receiving a broken jaw instead of the passionate night of love making he imagined, and especially Fabio Alberici's (Michele Placido), total confusion about just who are the women who he is supposed to be doing business with - one minute they are corporate killers, the next ladies too afraid to pick up a car phone! The hilarious crossovers of characters walking in one door and coming out as another is beautifully played out in the breakfast room scenes when both women (one from the country and the other from the city), seemingly sit down for two breakfasts each much to the total confusion of each other and also the staff. It is however the unforgettable one liners that are liberally sprinkled throughout the script that create the greatest laughs and congratulations have to go to both Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin for making them seem just as fresh and funny on the tenth screening as on the first. Classics like: "Im gonna dip him in flour and fry him in his own grease!","Oh my God it's so COSMOpolitan", "Oh sure its full of crowds, smog, sex fiends, and white slavers, it's a pistol, I've got about as much use for it (New York), as a Toad has for spit pearls!", "Computer chips, they've got their ways!", and "Have you got your brains and your balls in your briefcase?", are guaranteed to crack you up with laughter as each new misunderstanding presents itself in the convoluted script. Total escapism perhaps but this comedy never fails to get me laughing and coming back for more. It is a real pity that "Big Business", so far has marked the only time that Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin have worked together as the pair combine so well and would be wonderful together again in some other comedy vehicle. This film is a true comic treasure and can be enjoyed by all ages. I've been introducing it to my friends and family for years and the film now has many people as devoted and fanatical about it as I am! So I'd say to you that unless you have your brains and your balls in your briefcase get out there and find yourself a copy of this classic film soon if you haven't already. You wont regret it for one minute if only to enjoy these two comic legends, in Bette Midler and Lily Tomlin battling it out in a country values vs city profits laugh feast in "Big Business". Enjoy!   
 Warning! This is not for children. Seeing death, real destruction, and authority figures unable to cope with what happened on 9/11 is not for the young. Warning! This is not for children. Seeing death, real destruction, and authority figures unable to cope with what happened on 9/11 is not for the young. With that being said, this is the real deal, what you probably didn't see on the nightly news. Great camera work and behind the scenes storytelling puts you in the middle of New York City that fateful day.With that being said, this is the real deal, what you probably didn't see on the nightly news. Great camera work and behind the scenes storytelling puts you in the middle of New York City that fateful day.If you never want to forget what happened The Day that Changed America, you must have this dvd.
 This documentary gives a brief introduction to Al-Jazeera, which, if you didn't know already, is the main arab language newschannel. It is a source which has won a great deal of respect in the arab world for it's willingness to go where other, stated-owned and controlled arab networks won't tread. In this sense it is more than a mere arab CNN in that it stands out more in the general landscape of arab media.This documentary gives a brief introduction to Al-Jazeera, which, if you didn't know already, is the main arab language newschannel. It is a source which has won a great deal of respect in the arab world for it's willingness to go where other, stated-owned and controlled arab networks won't tread. In this sense it is more than a mere arab CNN in that it stands out more in the general landscape of arab media.The filmmakers here interview Al-Jazeera personel, as well as some american journalists, and the american official which liases with Al-Jazeera for Centcom, the american Central Command in the present Irak war (which happens to be 30 miles from Al Jazeera headquarters). It covers the timeline from just before the war, to just after Bush anounced main millitary operations to be over. The filmmakers here interview Al-Jazeera personel, as well as some american journalists, and the american official which liases with Al-Jazeera for Centcom, the american Central Command in the present Irak war (which happens to be 30 miles from Al Jazeera headquarters). It covers the timeline from just before the war, to just after Bush anounced main millitary operations to be over. By striving to be neutral, the documentary allows you to see how Al-Jazeera see themselves and how they conceive their mission in the world. They are very disappointed in the United States, but adhere strongly to its values. By striving to be neutral, the documentary allows you to see how Al-Jazeera see themselves and how they conceive their mission in the world. They are very disappointed in the United States, but adhere strongly to its values. Also interesting is how being "on the arab side" gives them a very different perspective from western media in spite of the fact that they clearly espouse its values, like when they are angered by Pentagon protests at their having showed images of US prisoners, when western media routinely show Iraki POWs.Also interesting is how being "on the arab side" gives them a very different perspective from western media in spite of the fact that they clearly espouse its values, like when they are angered by Pentagon protests at their having showed images of US prisoners, when western media routinely show Iraki POWs.An unexpected insight the documentary affords you is that it lets you see just how incompetent millitary media management can be. The american liaison doesn't speak a word of arabic in spite of being assigned by his goverment to the most important arab news source, and as if that weren't enough, he is barely articulate in english and clearly doesn't know anything about the local context and history. Another instance of bungled media operations is when centcom tells journalists about the deck of cards with the most wanted iraki officials, but doesn't have the foresight to have some to give to journalists, irritating the very people they are trying to win over.An unexpected insight the documentary affords you is that it lets you see just how incompetent millitary media management can be. The american liaison doesn't speak a word of arabic in spite of being assigned by his goverment to the most important arab news source, and as if that weren't enough, he is barely articulate in english and clearly doesn't know anything about the local context and history. Another instance of bungled media operations is when centcom tells journalists about the deck of cards with the most wanted iraki officials, but doesn't have the foresight to have some to give to journalists, irritating the very people they are trying to win over.All in all it's a compelling watch which gives you a good look into the producers of news in the west and arab worlds. It gets four stars rather than five because of it's sometimes amateurish handling of flow, which makes it at times a bit unfocused
 I found this DVD to be well produced and engaging to go along with the POWERFUL content.  Fantastic.  Loads of deleted scenes that are very worth watching
 This movie will make you laugh, cry, and think.  It's definitely a good date movie.  Bring a box of kleenex though
 seems like there was a time in the 70s where mainstream filmmakers took their art and their audiences seriously. this gem about courtroom corruption is one of pacino's best movies and his final courtroom monologue is as good as any in film
 This has to be the best of the Alien films! This film, although not as scary as the original (I mean that it did not scare me as much as Alien), it is much more exciting and enjoyable than the first. Also, this would have been an ideal conclusion to the series. Go on, buy the Collector's Edition of the first and this and enjoy
  I was a bit skeptical about jogging in my home, but wanted a little boost from the two mile walk I had been doing. If you are at all skeptical, DON'T BE! I have used 4 of Leslie's programs and for me, this one takes the cake. It's fun, it's fast paced, and it works up an awesome sweat. You can feel the calories burning with this one. It's well worth the 10 or so dollars.
 Product was in great condition. I got the product quickly and was very satisfied.
 I woke up this morning with a burning desire to remember the end of Fellini Satyricon.  Someone is mortally wounded, the blonde guy?  And lies there dying, watching his best friend go off with the boy they both desired, Gitone, and some dancing leaping black guy....  I think.     I've seen it probably 9 times, it always was a favorite when I was a teen and older, but I haven't seen it for years.  But it was so visually entrancing, and so truly pre-Christian -- that is, made from that standpoint, which movies seldom are or can be!      I just remember the wonderul images, a boat rising in the mist, the strange tenement bldg they (Ascylto and Encolpio) live in, the sea monster, the bacchanale, the hermaphrodite's cavern, the Minotaur.....  endless, splendid, dreamlike images on and on....  [I wonder why it is Italians are such master of the visual in this manner; I think of Visconti, Antonioni, even Scorsese and the American-Italians -- maybe it's that Renaissance artist legacy?]  [I wonder why it is Italians are such master of the visual in this manner; I think of Visconti, Antonioni, even Scorsese and the American-Italians -- maybe it's that Renaissance artist legacy?]From my buddy:  Like you, I saw it a few times, decades ago.  The images are so strong and mysterious. Images that render volumes of emotions that are so deep, echoing a memory that is never realized. Modern day, Scorsese manages it. Zefferelli too.That is true film-making. Even the older films from De Sica capture images that are unforgettable. Wells has done it.But what you're talking about, is, I suppose, secular in nature. Icons derived from the human experience that has meaning from within the human soul. Not from an outward omnipresence of theology.  Satyricon is almost existential, as a presentation of true human nature. Done with frame-paintings. And framed in such a way that is evocative.  Amazing dream art!
 This is too good to be true.  After purchasing this based on reviews alone my partner and I sat down to watch it not knowing what was about to take place.  For the next three hours, we were absolutely shocked and entertained.  This has got to be one of the most original shows ever to be created.  Its got it all; comedy, drama and twisted minds.  I have to admit I've taken a few lessons from Jill and her methods do work.  Seriously though it was just plain amazing and I hope series two will be out soon.  It is not for the easily offended but for those there is always the Brady bunch; the lamest thing ever to grace television.  For the rest of us, well...Nighty Night.  Highly recommended
 Gilbert Gottfried is a genius.  THANK YOU for making a DVD that puts so many dirty jokes where they long--together!  Of course I knew a few, but I learned so many more!  Gilbert's delivery is priceless, and his impressions of comics like Bill Cosby and Jerry Seinfeld make some of the jokes even funnier.Gilbert Gottfried is a genius.  THANK YOU for making a DVD that puts so many dirty jokes where they long--together!  Of course I knew a few, but I learned so many more!  Gilbert's delivery is priceless, and his impressions of comics like Bill Cosby and Jerry Seinfeld make some of the jokes even funnier.If you're a fan of filthy humor, this DVD is a MUST HAVE!  My personal favorite is about the guy who doesn't know if his wife has VD or TB...If you're a fan of filthy humor, this DVD is a MUST HAVE!  My personal favorite is about the guy who doesn't know if his wife has VD or TB...And at $13.99...it's a steal.  DO NOT MISS THIS ONE
 More than "male" and "female". More than your view or her view or my view or any one person's view of what makes "male" and what makes "female" and everything in between. Sexuality (gay, straight, bi, asexual, etc) is different than gender (male/female) and can have nothing and yet sometimes everything to do with the other.More than "male" and "female". More than your view or her view or my view or any one person's view of what makes "male" and what makes "female" and everything in between. Sexuality (gay, straight, bi, asexual, etc) is different than gender (male/female) and can have nothing and yet sometimes everything to do with the other.There are gay men and straight me and bisexual men, too. Whatever they identify as has no impact on whether they are also transsexual and seek re-assignment into a body that fits them more. It's not some sick fetish or crazy delusion. Surgery, hormones, these are RISKY! And they would not be undertaken unless other options HAD been explored and found unable to cease the ache inside.There are gay men and straight me and bisexual men, too. Whatever they identify as has no impact on whether they are also transsexual and seek re-assignment into a body that fits them more. It's not some sick fetish or crazy delusion. Surgery, hormones, these are RISKY! And they would not be undertaken unless other options HAD been explored and found unable to cease the ache inside.Gender Identity Disorder (GID) is real. Transition (the process of taking hormones, living as the preferred gender in all things, surgery, etc) is not a CURE but it can make life bearable.Gender Identity Disorder (GID) is real. Transition (the process of taking hormones, living as the preferred gender in all things, surgery, etc) is not a CURE but it can make life bearable.And I think it's funny that still male to female transsexuals are regarded more often as "real" and the female to male transsexuals are ignored. And I think it's funny that still male to female transsexuals are regarded more often as "real" and the female to male transsexuals are ignored. Raci has known she was trans it appears most of her life. She started taking hormones while she was still in what should have been her male puberty. So, of COURSE she looks "more feminine" but that doesn't make her any more or less of a "real woman" than the other MTF, Gabbie. Gabbie is a lesbian while Raci is straight. See how this works? Gabbie likes women, Raci likes men. It has nothing to do with one being "right" and one being "wrong".Raci has known she was trans it appears most of her life. She started taking hormones while she was still in what should have been her male puberty. So, of COURSE she looks "more feminine" but that doesn't make her any more or less of a "real woman" than the other MTF, Gabbie. Gabbie is a lesbian while Raci is straight. See how this works? Gabbie likes women, Raci likes men. It has nothing to do with one being "right" and one being "wrong".There is a world of difference between a man relating to a woman and a woman relating to a woman. Just as a man relating to a man vs. a man relating to a woman. And it's not all sexual. It is entirely plausible that a man would transition into a woman and still be attracted to women. Hello, the gender changed, not who they were attracted to! There is a world of difference between a man relating to a woman and a woman relating to a woman. Just as a man relating to a man vs. a man relating to a woman. And it's not all sexual. It is entirely plausible that a man would transition into a woman and still be attracted to women. Hello, the gender changed, not who they were attracted to! I'm just so tired of seeing so many people picking apart transsexuals. We are not here for your amusement. We are not here to be some star in your porn show. We are real. And these kids do an amazing job showing that. But I see that the majority of reviewers are more wound up over the "sick fetishes" and one MTF being more female convincing than the other. I'm just so tired of seeing so many people picking apart transsexuals. We are not here for your amusement. We are not here to be some star in your porn show. We are real. And these kids do an amazing job showing that. But I see that the majority of reviewers are more wound up over the "sick fetishes" and one MTF being more female convincing than the other. I would love to see the same folks who brought us this (a more emotional struggle) to also do one documenting the physical changes that happen and how FTMs, in particular, struggle with the emotional effects of T.I would love to see the same folks who brought us this (a more emotional struggle) to also do one documenting the physical changes that happen and how FTMs, in particular, struggle with the emotional effects of T.- Wil
 I am not sure why the first person would direct people to read J. Michael Bailey's work... or why the second person would say that it is as if J. Michael Bailey wrote this himself...one he couldn't have because it is a documentary, and two his view points are way off compared to the one given by the documentary.  Considering his book is very demeaning of the trans community. And he was forced to resign from Northwestern University as the department head, because of his illegal uses of his patient's information in his book. I am not sure why the first person would direct people to read J. Michael Bailey's work... or why the second person would say that it is as if J. Michael Bailey wrote this himself...one he couldn't have because it is a documentary, and two his view points are way off compared to the one given by the documentary.  Considering his book is very demeaning of the trans community. And he was forced to resign from Northwestern University as the department head, because of his illegal uses of his patient's information in his book. "They seem like different species, because they are."       I am not sure if I would say that the kids in this documentary are another species... or even that I am another species. They are humans as well and to reduce them to another species is simply rediculous.        I am not sure if I would say that the kids in this documentary are another species... or even that I am another species. They are humans as well and to reduce them to another species is simply rediculous.    I am not sure why everyone is referencing him, because his view on Transgender people is extremely negative.   I am not sure why everyone is referencing him, because his view on Transgender people is extremely negative.... but to the documentary. I think that it gives a great overall view of the trans community, showing that we can stem from all different backrounds, and we can act in all different ways. Just as there are many different "normal" gendered people, there are many different trans people as well.  I believe that  ScubaOtter "seaotter7"  has the best overview of it.
 I have found Pick Your Spot Pilates to be absolutely perfect!  I can choose which spot I want to work-out for the day or do them all.  I usually walk first then add a 10 minute Pilate workout to wrap it up while my muscles are still warm.  I would highly recommend this workout video
 An excellent comedy, Kindergarten Cop, brings to the screen the story of a detective that goes undercover to find a key witness and track down a dangerous criminal.  What complicates things is that it's Arnold Schwarzenegger and he goes undercover as a kindergarten teacher...The film combines comedy with action and adventure though it is primarily a comedy and a great one at that!Arnold Schwarzenegger, (!) and the rest of the cast, have truly outdone themselves with their performances, which are outstanding to say the least!  All the actors, without exceptions, give it their 100% and it really shows (the chemistry is AMAZING)! Very well written and very well presented, it allows for a highly entertaining movie that can be watched over and over again!  The setting, the plot, the dialogues, the humor, and the music are all wonderful!In short, Kindergarten Cop is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection (if you haven't done so already)!
 Hard-bitten cop John Kimble (Arnold Schwarzenegger) gets more than he bargained for when he goes undercover as a kindergarten teacher to pursue murderous drug dealer Cullen Crisp (Richard Tyson) while at the same time protecting the man's young son. Pitted against a classroom full of rowdy, 6-year-old moppets whose monkeyshines try his patience and test his mettle, Kimble may have finally met his match ... in more ways than one
 My 3 year old son loved this movie.  He sat in front of the tv with his model blue angel and mimicked every move the planes made in the video.  It was fun to watch my son and husband watch this video together, they both had big smiles on their faces.  The pilots in this video send a wonderful message to young children with dreams.  My 3 year old says "when I get big I am going to fly blue angel #5".  I highly reccomend this video
 Since I've already reviewed and bought both of these as separate items, I'm not gonna repeat anything about each show (see individual reviews for that).  I will just rehash what I have all along.  Despite its missing pieces from the book, the Original is still 5 star material.  The "in betweener" is only worth it's value because it is a disc copy (as opposed to a tape copy).  My advice, buy the Original separately, and read the book to get the "real missing years".  If you are building a library of "ALL Richard Chamberlain", then buy both or this combo.  But be prepared to be disappointed in what the alleged "Missing Years" has to offer (again see separate review)
 I found this series to be fun, gritty, and lifelike.  The characters in the Precinct remind me so much of guys I used to work with on the job.  Certainly some artistic license is taken, but for the most part, this is a slice of life which most people will never experience in their day to day jobs.  Denis Leary has risen to the top of my list as not only a comedian, but a really talented character actor.  His supporting cast fits well, and all in all I would recommend this series to anyone who is a fan of Rescue Me, or Denis Leary
 A great behind-the-scenes look at decisions that shaped history - and nearly killed all of us.Cross-reference this with the more recent Kennedy biographies for a wider, sobering context.This is the sort of thing that the Bush Administration should have watched before deciding to invade Iraq. 
 This is probably one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.  Those who don't think it's funny are those who are easily offended.  If you are easily offended or politically correct you probably won't enjoy this film.This is probably one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.  Those who don't think it's funny are those who are easily offended.  If you are easily offended or politically correct you probably won't enjoy this film.Having said that, if you like vampires you won't necessarily dislike this film.  I completely disagree with the reviewer who said "If you like vampires, you will not like this movie." That's crap.  I love vampires/vampire movies and I loved this movie.  Believe it or not, not all vampire fans are two-dimensional, some of us are actually well rounded.Having said that, if you like vampires you won't necessarily dislike this film.  I completely disagree with the reviewer who said "If you like vampires, you will not like this movie." That's crap.  I love vampires/vampire movies and I loved this movie.  Believe it or not, not all vampire fans are two-dimensional, some of us are actually well rounded.The person who compared it to Polanski's "Repulsion" needs to get away from the bong.  While both deal with mental insanity, the same can be said about a lot of films.  "Repulsion" was just disturbing and weird, and not overly entertaining.  (Polanski's work is highly overrated and pretentious.  We watch films to be entertained, not to have whatever it is Polanski tries to pull.)The person who compared it to Polanski's "Repulsion" needs to get away from the bong.  While both deal with mental insanity, the same can be said about a lot of films.  "Repulsion" was just disturbing and weird, and not overly entertaining.  (Polanski's work is highly overrated and pretentious.  We watch films to be entertained, not to have whatever it is Polanski tries to pull.)Having said all this, this is definitely not a film for everyone.  It was way ahead of it's time when it was made.  Had it been made now, there would likely be a huge cult following behind it...but then again, maybe not.  As liberal as most like to imagine themselves, we still live in a country of highly uptight people, easily offended, and unable to laugh at the things we fear or find disturbing.Having said all this, this is definitely not a film for everyone.  It was way ahead of it's time when it was made.  Had it been made now, there would likely be a huge cult following behind it...but then again, maybe not.  As liberal as most like to imagine themselves, we still live in a country of highly uptight people, easily offended, and unable to laugh at the things we fear or find disturbing.If you've got a sick sense of humor, add this to your video library, because if you aren't going to be able to laugh at it, you aren't going to enjoy it. 
 Loved this movie when it first came out and loved it just as much the this time around.  Two of my favorite actors depicting a story that love has no boundaries.  Very funny and moving - yes, I'm a romantic! It's awesome!
 One of the many hit TV shows inextricably linked to the 1980's is The A-Team, an action series with plenty of bombs, machine guns, and bazookas - where miraculously no one ever seems to die! Short for "Alpha Team," The A-Team is a Vietnam-era crack commando unit wrongfully accused of robbing the Bank of Hanoi. Having escaped from a maximum security prison, the four man team survives in the anonymity of the Los Angeles underground. And with the government still hot on their trail, they're forced to work as soldiers of fortune, providing aid and assistance to the helpless victims of various injustices... One of the many hit TV shows inextricably linked to the 1980's is The A-Team, an action series with plenty of bombs, machine guns, and bazookas - where miraculously no one ever seems to die! Short for "Alpha Team," The A-Team is a Vietnam-era crack commando unit wrongfully accused of robbing the Bank of Hanoi. Having escaped from a maximum security prison, the four man team survives in the anonymity of the Los Angeles underground. And with the government still hot on their trail, they're forced to work as soldiers of fortune, providing aid and assistance to the helpless victims of various injustices... The A-Team is led by cigar aficionado Col. John "Hannibal" Smith (George Peppard), a wise-cracking officer who always has a plan in the works. Hannibal is flanked by Lt. Templeton "Faceman" Peck (Dirk Benedict), the consummate ladies' man; Sgt. Bosco "B.A." Baracus (Mr. T), a gold-drenched muscleman afraid of flying; and Captain H.M "Howling Mad" Murdock, a lanky mental case who nevertheless carries out his missions with flawless precision. Together, they travel the country in B.A.'s trademark black van, fighting for justice and attempting to elude the clutches of the nefarious Colonel Decker (Lance LeGault) who wants nothing more in life than to capture The A-Team... The A-Team is led by cigar aficionado Col. John "Hannibal" Smith (George Peppard), a wise-cracking officer who always has a plan in the works. Hannibal is flanked by Lt. Templeton "Faceman" Peck (Dirk Benedict), the consummate ladies' man; Sgt. Bosco "B.A." Baracus (Mr. T), a gold-drenched muscleman afraid of flying; and Captain H.M "Howling Mad" Murdock, a lanky mental case who nevertheless carries out his missions with flawless precision. Together, they travel the country in B.A.'s trademark black van, fighting for justice and attempting to elude the clutches of the nefarious Colonel Decker (Lance LeGault) who wants nothing more in life than to capture The A-Team... The A-Team (Season 1) DVD features a number of action-packed episodes including the season premiere "Mexican Slayride" in which journalist Amy Allen sets out to prove the existence of The A-Team and its various good deeds. But when a fellow reporter is kidnapped by Mexican renegades, Amy gets a firsthand look at The A-Team's handiwork when she hires them to rescue her friend... Other notable episodes from Season 1 include "Holiday in the Hills" in which, following a plane crash, The A-Team is forced to do battle with a group of mountain men, and "One More Time" in which the U.S. government itself hires The A-Team to rescue a general and his daughter from South American guerillas...The A-Team (Season 1) DVD features a number of action-packed episodes including the season premiere "Mexican Slayride" in which journalist Amy Allen sets out to prove the existence of The A-Team and its various good deeds. But when a fellow reporter is kidnapped by Mexican renegades, Amy gets a firsthand look at The A-Team's handiwork when she hires them to rescue her friend... Other notable episodes from Season 1 include "Holiday in the Hills" in which, following a plane crash, The A-Team is forced to do battle with a group of mountain men, and "One More Time" in which the U.S. government itself hires The A-Team to rescue a general and his daughter from South American guerillas...Below is a list of episodes included on The A-Team (Season 1) DVD:Below is a list of episodes included on The A-Team (Season 1) DVD:Episode 1 (Mexican Slayride: Part 1) Episode 2 (Mexican Slayride: Part 2) Episode 3 (Children of Jamestown) Episode 4 (Pros and Cons) Episode 5 (A Small and Deadly War) Episode 6 (Black Day at Bad Rock) Episode 7 (The Rabbit Who Ate Las Vegas) Episode 8 (The Out-of-Towners) Episode 9 (Holiday in the Hills) Episode 10 (West Coast Turnaround) Episode 11 (One More Time) Episode 12 (Till Death Do Us Part) Episode 13 (The Beast from the Belly of a Boeing) Episode 14 (A Nice Place to Visit) Episode 14 (A Nice Place to Visit) The DVD Repor
 It is nice to see Bebe Neuwirth in something other than Cheers.It is nice to see Bebe Neuwirth in something other than Cheers.Oscar (Aaron Stanford) is too sophisticated for girls his age but not for his stepmother (Sigourney Weaver) and Bebe Neuwirth (the seductress). Women are all over him. His stepmom ignores him and chiropractor thinks she finds the romantic she's always dreamed of. The joking innuendos are quite hilarious reminding me of the Graduate. Gary Winnick (the director) shot this movie on a digital camera in two weeks and won raves at the festivals.Oscar (Aaron Stanford) is too sophisticated for girls his age but not for his stepmother (Sigourney Weaver) and Bebe Neuwirth (the seductress). Women are all over him. His stepmom ignores him and chiropractor thinks she finds the romantic she's always dreamed of. The joking innuendos are quite hilarious reminding me of the Graduate. Gary Winnick (the director) shot this movie on a digital camera in two weeks and won raves at the festivals.The little captions before or after a scene kinda tell you how Oscar is working or getting worked over. John Ritter (Dad, apparently serious but funny) and the whole cast gives strong performances certainly earning their street creed.The little captions before or after a scene kinda tell you how Oscar is working or getting worked over. John Ritter (Dad, apparently serious but funny) and the whole cast gives strong performances certainly earning their street creed.You'll find charming nuggets of truth in this movie, quite a bit of wit, and hilarity. Sure, Oscar is 15 and, rather than opening his eyes to girls, they open his. His daydreams about his stepmom are electrifyingly filmed.You'll find charming nuggets of truth in this movie, quite a bit of wit, and hilarity. Sure, Oscar is 15 and, rather than opening his eyes to girls, they open his. His daydreams about his stepmom are electrifyingly filmed.As for the morality, I think people are a little paranoid over this taut, striking film. If you are openminded, you'll find this film is more about coming of age than what narrow minded people think. It is a light film to the touch and men will probably be reliving high school fantasies about the older woman. Women will like it because it shows how men are nothing more than putty in their hands. It is just amazing how much depth this film has in 77 minutes!As for the morality, I think people are a little paranoid over this taut, striking film. If you are openminded, you'll find this film is more about coming of age than what narrow minded people think. It is a light film to the touch and men will probably be reliving high school fantasies about the older woman. Women will like it because it shows how men are nothing more than putty in their hands. It is just amazing how much depth this film has in 77 minutes!Rachel Alice HunterChairwomanTeardropfilms Entertainment Corporatio
 From the Sisyphean (say what?) misadventures of a kind of black Laurel and Hardy duo (Anthony Anderson and Lahmard J. Tate) who steal an ATM machine with no money in it that they can't open, to the white dude who thinks he's black, to Cedric the Entertainer who thinks that Rosa Parks got too much credit for parking her butt on the bus, to sexy and saucy Eve who always loves the wrong guy, this is one fine piece of entertainment.  And Ice Cube as Calvin who owns the shop ain't so bad himself, although he sure has to frown a lot.From the Sisyphean (say what?) misadventures of a kind of black Laurel and Hardy duo (Anthony Anderson and Lahmard J. Tate) who steal an ATM machine with no money in it that they can't open, to the white dude who thinks he's black, to Cedric the Entertainer who thinks that Rosa Parks got too much credit for parking her butt on the bus, to sexy and saucy Eve who always loves the wrong guy, this is one fine piece of entertainment.  And Ice Cube as Calvin who owns the shop ain't so bad himself, although he sure has to frown a lot.Well, he's got troubles right here in the Windy City.  He's always got an entrepreneurial scheme up his sleeve that just doesn't quite work out which causes him to fall behind in his property taxes.  Now this might not be such a big deal but the barbershop has been in his family for three generations and it serves as a kind of neighborhood club where people can hang out and shoot the breeze.  It's a beloved kind of place.  Enter Lester Wallace the loan shark with muscle who makes Calvin an offer he can't refuse.  Well, he does refuse it or at least he tries, but Wallace ain't the kind of dude to take a refusal.Well, he's got troubles right here in the Windy City.  He's always got an entrepreneurial scheme up his sleeve that just doesn't quite work out which causes him to fall behind in his property taxes.  Now this might not be such a big deal but the barbershop has been in his family for three generations and it serves as a kind of neighborhood club where people can hang out and shoot the breeze.  It's a beloved kind of place.  Enter Lester Wallace the loan shark with muscle who makes Calvin an offer he can't refuse.  Well, he does refuse it or at least he tries, but Wallace ain't the kind of dude to take a refusal.Can Calvin save the barbershop?  That's the question of the main plot line, but what really makes this movie such a treat are the barbershop mini-stories that are neatly tied together and the fine repartee.  And what makes THAT work is that everything in the film is seen from a point of view inside the black community and not from somebody else looking in (which never works, but is often tried).					Add a warm and redemptive ending, and there ain't nobody cryin'.Add a warm and redemptive ending, and there ain't nobody cryin'.But see this for Tim Story who directed and got it all right, and for Mark Brown, Don D. Scott and Marshall Todd who wrote the neat and very funny script
 the fifth installment of samurai champloo has proven, like the volumes before it, that good things come to those who wait. with masterful artwork, great music and action-packed scenes, samurai champloo has kept the industry alive. below are my ratings for the four episodes on this volume.the fifth installment of samurai champloo has proven, like the volumes before it, that good things come to those who wait. with masterful artwork, great music and action-packed scenes, samurai champloo has kept the industry alive. below are my ratings for the four episodes on this volume.the fifth installment of samurai champloo has proven, like the volumes before it, that good things come to those who wait. with masterful artwork, great music and action-packed scenes, samurai champloo has kept the industry alive. below are my ratings for the four episodes on this volume.episode seventeen: lullabies of the lost verse2- the fans that watched volume four have been waiting for this episode: it finishes what volume four left unfinished. this episode reveals the fate of our heroes and if their fate brings them together again.i rate this episode a 10/10. great episode nomatter how many times i watch it.i rate this episode a 10/10. great episode nomatter how many times i watch it.episode eighteen: war of the words- mugen is illiterate! as mugen finally comes to terms with this, fuu tries to fend off two crazy boys with the hots for her! and amidst this commotion, visits a grave of a man he had great respect for. i rate this episode 9/10i rate this episode 9/10episode nineteen: unholy union- jin, mugen and fuu discover a fraud involving selling weaponry and the underground christians. intrigued? guess you gottta watch it! good episode.i rate this episode a 7/10. it was quite funny, but there was less action and less plot compared to other episodes. still, a good thirty minutes.i rate this episode a 7/10. it was quite funny, but there was less action and less plot compared to other episodes. still, a good thirty minutes.episode twenty: elegy of entrapment verse1- it's happened again! this episode is one part of a two part episode on the end of this dvd. that means we are to be cliffhung once again. still, this is a really good episode.i rate this episode a 10/10.i rate this episode a 10/10.i rate this episode a 10/10.well, thats it for this review. check out my others for this series.
 For those seeking a captivating 99 minute escape from reality into a beautifully filmed, flawlessly written, directed & acted world of fantasy this is the must see movie for you. The character's Ryan (Ryan Kelly), Melanie (Hayden Panettiere), and Grandpa (Armin Mueller-Stahl) will collectively take you on a memorable journey you'll want to take over and over.The "special feature" music video (Someone Like You)of Hayden is worth the purchase price in itself.Pop a bag of popcorn, and invite the whole family over for this one,..they will be thanking you afterward.Pop a bag of popcorn, and invite the whole family over for this one,..they will be thanking you afterward.
 I was so glad to see the entire season in one set.  I hope one day, if they haven't already done so, that they put out a Season 1 set.  Love the show, and being able to watch whenever I want
 Bend It Like Beckham is a very enjoyable coming of age film for teen aged girls.  The film sensitively portrays a young Indian girl's difficulties in convincing her parents that playing soccer is a worthwhile activity that can help her develop her identity and well being.  The film is enjoyable on several levels: 1) there is the cultural clash between Britons of various descent, 2) there is the hilarious "lesbian" mixup, and 3) the pure sports film.  All in all a very enjoyable experience and a great film for young people
 The sixth season is the only one I had not seen all of the episodes for when it was on and it does not disappoint (except for the fact that this is the last season).  Florida's return and the addition of Keith brings more to the Evans' family home.  I enjoy watching each episode over and over.  This is much better TV than what today's network television has to offer
 An absolutely wonderful movie. I love it so much that I watch it once a month or so. Ang Lee did an amazing job of Emma Thompson's screen play. Emma Thompson won a golden globe award for her efforts. Just lovely
 If playwright Tennessee Williams's Southern gothic writing style makes his works feel more ornately melodramatic than those of O'Neill or his closest contemporary Arthur Miller, they do provide resonant showcases for the actors inhabiting his characters. This is clearly evidenced in this six-film, eight-disc collection that epitomizes some of the most powerful acting to come out of Hollywood in the 1950's and early 1960's, all directed by true filmmaking masters. Probably because they are the least censored by the studio system at least in the form presented now, the best of the set are Elia Kazan's "A Streetcar Named Desire" and John Huston's "The Night of the Iguana". The others are Kazan's "Baby Doll", Richard Brooks' "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", Jose Quintero's "The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone" and Brooks' "Sweet Bird of Youth". If playwright Tennessee Williams's Southern gothic writing style makes his works feel more ornately melodramatic than those of O'Neill or his closest contemporary Arthur Miller, they do provide resonant showcases for the actors inhabiting his characters. This is clearly evidenced in this six-film, eight-disc collection that epitomizes some of the most powerful acting to come out of Hollywood in the 1950's and early 1960's, all directed by true filmmaking masters. Probably because they are the least censored by the studio system at least in the form presented now, the best of the set are Elia Kazan's "A Streetcar Named Desire" and John Huston's "The Night of the Iguana". The others are Kazan's "Baby Doll", Richard Brooks' "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", Jose Quintero's "The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone" and Brooks' "Sweet Bird of Youth". A feral, smoldering Marlon Brando justifiably made his reputation as brutish Stanley Kowalski in 1951's "A Streetcar Named Desire", and his animalistic charisma still leaps off the screen. Intriguingly, one of the extras included in the two-disc set for the movie is footage from a 1947 screen test of Brando when he was 23, and his stardom seems assured even then. The plot of the movie amounts to the inevitable clash between Kowalski and his visiting sister-in-law, Blanche DuBois, a fading Southern belle on the verge of a mental breakdown. Having proven her ability to be a convincing Southerner in "Gone With the Wind", Vivien Leigh expertly handles all the florid dialogue with her particular blend of defiance and vulnerability.A feral, smoldering Marlon Brando justifiably made his reputation as brutish Stanley Kowalski in 1951's "A Streetcar Named Desire", and his animalistic charisma still leaps off the screen. Intriguingly, one of the extras included in the two-disc set for the movie is footage from a 1947 screen test of Brando when he was 23, and his stardom seems assured even then. The plot of the movie amounts to the inevitable clash between Kowalski and his visiting sister-in-law, Blanche DuBois, a fading Southern belle on the verge of a mental breakdown. Having proven her ability to be a convincing Southerner in "Gone With the Wind", Vivien Leigh expertly handles all the florid dialogue with her particular blend of defiance and vulnerability.Strong supporting work comes from Kim Hunter as Blanche's naive sister Stella and Karl Malden as Blanche's seemingly respectful suitor Mitch. Now over ninety, Malden is on hand to provide his own eloquent recollections of the production on an alternate track, and film historians Rudy Behlmer and Jeff Young provide more objective commentary on another track. Film critic Richard Schickel's 1995 feature-length look at Kazan is the centerpiece of the second disk, and there is also a more interesting five-part documentary on the film and original Broadway show, the best portion focusing on censorship and the several minutes that have been reinserted in the DVD version of the film.Strong supporting work comes from Kim Hunter as Blanche's naive sister Stella and Karl Malden as Blanche's seemingly respectful suitor Mitch. Now over ninety, Malden is on hand to provide his own eloquent recollections of the production on an alternate track, and film historians Rudy Behlmer and Jeff Young provide more objective commentary on another track. Film critic Richard Schickel's 1995 feature-length look at Kazan is the centerpiece of the second disk, and there is also a more interesting five-part documentary on the film and original Broadway show, the best portion focusing on censorship and the several minutes that have been reinserted in the DVD version of the film.1964's "The Night of the Iguana" deals with a similarly dysfunctional group of people, but this time the setting is a dilapidated Mexican beach resort where Reverend Shannon, newly defrocked, has taken a group of spinsters from a women's college. Huston made his reputation on his strong literary adaptations, and his affinity shows in the fulsome characterizations, striking visuals and dark humor. Richard Burton is in peak form as Shannon, and there is also sterling work from Deborah Kerr as the spinsterish Hannah and especially Ava Gardner as the slatternly resort owner, Maxine Faulk. The DVD contains a recent making-of featurette and a vintage video, both fascinating.1964's "The Night of the Iguana" deals with a similarly dysfunctional group of people, but this time the setting is a dilapidated Mexican beach resort where Reverend Shannon, newly defrocked, has taken a group of spinsters from a women's college. Huston made his reputation on his strong literary adaptations, and his affinity shows in the fulsome characterizations, striking visuals and dark humor. Richard Burton is in peak form as Shannon, and there is also sterling work from Deborah Kerr as the spinsterish Hannah and especially Ava Gardner as the slatternly resort owner, Maxine Faulk. The DVD contains a recent making-of featurette and a vintage video, both fascinating."Baby Doll" is an entertaining hoot that doesn't seem as sensationalistic as I'm sure it was when the film was first released in 1956. It's simply a Southern-fried farce about the potential deflowering of a nineteen-year old child bride with a nice, pouty turn by Carroll Baker in the title role and a surprisingly funny one by Karl Malden as her randy husband, cotton mill owner Archie. 1958's "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" is far more vaunted but ultimately hamstrung by the overly careful portrayal of Brick as an asexual protagonist, this in spite of stellar performances from Elizabeth Taylor, Paul Newman and Burl Ives."Baby Doll" is an entertaining hoot that doesn't seem as sensationalistic as I'm sure it was when the film was first released in 1956. It's simply a Southern-fried farce about the potential deflowering of a nineteen-year old child bride with a nice, pouty turn by Carroll Baker in the title role and a surprisingly funny one by Karl Malden as her randy husband, cotton mill owner Archie. 1958's "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" is far more vaunted but ultimately hamstrung by the overly careful portrayal of Brick as an asexual protagonist, this in spite of stellar performances from Elizabeth Taylor, Paul Newman and Burl Ives.Newman is even better as gigolo Chance Wayne in 1963's "Sweet Bird of Youth", and he is matched all the way by Geraldine Page's all-cylinders-on performance as faded movie queen Alexandra Del Lago (a role that would have ironically been ideal for Ava Gardner). The weakest film of the set is 1961's "The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone" about an aging American actress living in Rome who falls recklessly in love with an indifferent gigolo. A decade after "Streetcar", the glamorous-looking Leigh excels in the title role, while a young Warren Beatty fits the physical requirements as the gigolo Paolo even though his faux-Italian accent is a little too emphatic. All four of these movies come with making-of featurettes and original trailers, and "Cat" also includes commentary from Williams' biographer Donald Spoto.Newman is even better as gigolo Chance Wayne in 1963's "Sweet Bird of Youth", and he is matched all the way by Geraldine Page's all-cylinders-on performance as faded movie queen Alexandra Del Lago (a role that would have ironically been ideal for Ava Gardner). The weakest film of the set is 1961's "The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone" about an aging American actress living in Rome who falls recklessly in love with an indifferent gigolo. A decade after "Streetcar", the glamorous-looking Leigh excels in the title role, while a young Warren Beatty fits the physical requirements as the gigolo Paolo even though his faux-Italian accent is a little too emphatic. All four of these movies come with making-of featurettes and original trailers, and "Cat" also includes commentary from Williams' biographer Donald Spoto.The focal point of the eighth disc is a 1973 documentary, "Tennessee Williams' South", which highlights insightful interviews with Williams in the New Orleans area. The film also includes classic scenes from his plays reenacted specifically for the documentary. You can have the privilege of seeing Broadway's original Blanche DuBois, Jessica Tandy, and compare her work to Leigh's, as well as an impressive turn by Maureen Stapleton as Amanda Wingfield in "The Glass Menagerie". This is an incredible film collection for anyone who wants to see some of the greatest performances of mid-20th century American cinema
 When I first watched this TV movie, with an unusal turn by Lucille Ball as a homeless woman, I was touched by the grittiness she brought to the role, and her fearlessness at looking like an unvarnished "bag lady". Although definitely within the "TV movie" league, this film richly deserves to continue to be available for new viewers to enjoy
 Oh my. I love this movie. It even makes me cry. It's sexy, cute, and heartwarming. Yes, it's a little bit hokey but what musical isn't? I am so excited to get this! I love this movie. I'm a huge musical fan and I've been waiting years for this one. They must have finally convinced whomever had the rights to release it on DVD. I don't know but I'm really excited! One Hundred Million Miracles! I love that philosophy. It makes me happy and it's a miracle that this is finally available. Get your kids/teens to watch it!
 This is worth buying just to see:This is worth buying just to see:1.  The look on Pete Townsend's face when Billy Idol (as Cousin Kevin) puts his arm around Pete's shoulder.1.  The look on Pete Townsend's face when Billy Idol (as Cousin Kevin) puts his arm around Pete's shoulder.2.  Steve Winwood realizing he doesn't actually know the words to the "listening to you, I get the music..." section of the last song.2.  Steve Winwood realizing he doesn't actually know the words to the "listening to you, I get the music..." section of the last song.3.  Roger Daltrey fumbling with a microphone that he'd tossed in the air and unsuccessfully attempted to twirl and catch.3.  Roger Daltrey fumbling with a microphone that he'd tossed in the air and unsuccessfully attempted to twirl and catch.4.  Some of the most hilarious haircuts and outfits in the history of rock and roll.4.  Some of the most hilarious haircuts and outfits in the history of rock and roll.5.  The only halfway decent thing Phil Collins (as Uncle Ernie) ever did in his entire career.5.  The only halfway decent thing Phil Collins (as Uncle Ernie) ever did in his entire career.This 3 DVD package also includes Quadrophenia and the second set from the night that Tommy was recorded.  This second set is full of hits and it's definitely worth watching.  (You could purchase Tommy and Quadrophenia individually, but you'd miss out on this hits disc.)
 I've heard it said that if you haven't read the book you'd be lost in this movie. I read the book and it was still a bit confusing! I like this version of the film with all the extra footage. Such a fantastic looking picture this was. I saw this in the theater when it came out. I remember a bit of controversy regarding the billing. Sting was touted as starring in this film, when in reality he had a supporting role. Shame on the movie execs who tried to capitalize off of his name and the then massive popularity of his band, The Police. It was nothing more than a ploy to get his fans into the theater. Having said that, Sting is actually pretty good in this film. He sneers, he wise cracks, he fights, and he looks pretty in his futuristic speedo. Of course, he gets killed in the end. Oh well
 This is one of the best sci fi films from the 70's--not to be missed
 Although I enjoy Pilates and yoga, I need a good workout that makes me sweat.  Boxing and martial arts classes are great for that purpose.  But there are times where I prefer to feel the burn at home.  To that end, one of the best cardio/strength DVD workouts I've found is "Crunch: Boot Camp Training."  Although I enjoy Pilates and yoga, I need a good workout that makes me sweat.  Boxing and martial arts classes are great for that purpose.  But there are times where I prefer to feel the burn at home.  To that end, one of the best cardio/strength DVD workouts I've found is "Crunch: Boot Camp Training."  The workout runs for about 30 minutes, which is great for those days where I want a shorter (but still effective) one.  It's short because exercises are combined together in order to minimize time and maximize benefit.  For example, three-to-ten pound hand weights are used to work the upper body while doing squats and lunges.  Abs and obliques are worked on the floor with different types of crunches, and during standing cardio work by side knee lifts.  Of course, a boot camp workout would be incomplete without pushups - there are three sets, each with a different emphasis to shake things up (and the lower body is worked in as well).  A cooldown/stretch session concludes the proceedings.The workout runs for about 30 minutes, which is great for those days where I want a shorter (but still effective) one.  It's short because exercises are combined together in order to minimize time and maximize benefit.  For example, three-to-ten pound hand weights are used to work the upper body while doing squats and lunges.  Abs and obliques are worked on the floor with different types of crunches, and during standing cardio work by side knee lifts.  Of course, a boot camp workout would be incomplete without pushups - there are three sets, each with a different emphasis to shake things up (and the lower body is worked in as well).  A cooldown/stretch session concludes the proceedings.As for the instructor, Susan Hitzmann is one of the best I've seen on a DVD workout.  She has an infectious enthusiasm that challenges and encourages at the same time.  She calls well, using a clear and authoritative voice.  I also enjoyed the chemistry between her and the rest of the class.  This is one of the few DVD workouts where I can identify with the assistants, because they look like they are actually working out.  They moan, groan, and laugh like real people, and plastic smiles are kept to a minimum.  Finally, the generic accompanying music complements the workout without overwhelming it.As for the instructor, Susan Hitzmann is one of the best I've seen on a DVD workout.  She has an infectious enthusiasm that challenges and encourages at the same time.  She calls well, using a clear and authoritative voice.  I also enjoyed the chemistry between her and the rest of the class.  This is one of the few DVD workouts where I can identify with the assistants, because they look like they are actually working out.  They moan, groan, and laugh like real people, and plastic smiles are kept to a minimum.  Finally, the generic accompanying music complements the workout without overwhelming it.There are two caveats for "Crunch: Boot Camp Training."  First, it might be hard on someone with sensitive knees because there are a lot of squats and forward lunges.  I had an ACL recon years ago, so I usually do backward lunges in place of the forward ones (the workout also features backward lunges).  Also, the routine's fast pace and combinations may confuse or wear out beginners.  But easier variations are demonstrated by a woman on the instructor's left side, so this is a workout you can grow into.  Even so, if your body takes time to get limber due to age or previous injury, you may want to warm up on your own beforehand.  There are two caveats for "Crunch: Boot Camp Training."  First, it might be hard on someone with sensitive knees because there are a lot of squats and forward lunges.  I had an ACL recon years ago, so I usually do backward lunges in place of the forward ones (the workout also features backward lunges).  Also, the routine's fast pace and combinations may confuse or wear out beginners.  But easier variations are demonstrated by a woman on the instructor's left side, so this is a workout you can grow into.  Even so, if your body takes time to get limber due to age or previous injury, you may want to warm up on your own beforehand.  "Crunch: Boot Camp Training" is an excellent boot camp-style home workout.  I own a large number of exercise DVDs, and this one's on my go-to stack.  Highly recommended
 Well I thought it was going to stop at Volume 1.  But, I guess it didn't.But, I am amazed that some of the cast is still living.  I can't believe that Skip Hinnant who plays Fargo North Decoder has got gray hair and still seems to be in good health.  Not to mention Jim Boyd who plays J. Arthur Crank is also still alive but on the heavy side.  As for Judy Graubart, I can't believe how old and skin and bones she is.  She must've been the oldest actor on the cast because now you should see her today.  Hattie Winston poor thing, I think she must've suffered a stroke or something cause I've noticed in her interviews she twitches every now and then.  We hardly ever see Morgan Freeman in any of these interviews because he's a big time busy actor.  But, I loved the show and am glad they brought this collection together in another set of DVD's from a show I grew up watching when I was 10.  Luis Avalos who I loved watching not just on the Electric Company but in his acting career in movies like Stir Crazy and then a full role in Dom DeLuise's HOT STUFF along with his family.  Luis still looks the same but has gained some weight too like Jim Boyd.  It is great that the graphics and color of the sets on each show brings back memories and the songs they sang too brought back some memories.  It is also hard to believe that the voices you hear on the cartoon skits like Letterman are Zero Mostel, Gene Wilder, Joan Rivers, and Mel Brooks.  You wouldn't have thought that there voice talents would be a credit to their success today.  Well now we have to get ready for Volume 3.....will there be? ......Let's hope so, cause I will surely buy it!But, I am amazed that some of the cast is still living.  I can't believe that Skip Hinnant who plays Fargo North Decoder has got gray hair and still seems to be in good health.  Not to mention Jim Boyd who plays J. Arthur Crank is also still alive but on the heavy side.  As for Judy Graubart, I can't believe how old and skin and bones she is.  She must've been the oldest actor on the cast because now you should see her today.  Hattie Winston poor thing, I think she must've suffered a stroke or something cause I've noticed in her interviews she twitches every now and then.  We hardly ever see Morgan Freeman in any of these interviews because he's a big time busy actor.  But, I loved the show and am glad they brought this collection together in another set of DVD's from a show I grew up watching when I was 10.  Luis Avalos who I loved watching not just on the Electric Company but in his acting career in movies like Stir Crazy and then a full role in Dom DeLuise's HOT STUFF along with his family.  Luis still looks the same but has gained some weight too like Jim Boyd.  It is great that the graphics and color of the sets on each show brings back memories and the songs they sang too brought back some memories.  It is also hard to believe that the voices you hear on the cartoon skits like Letterman are Zero Mostel, Gene Wilder, Joan Rivers, and Mel Brooks.  You wouldn't have thought that there voice talents would be a credit to their success today.  Well now we have to get ready for Volume 3.....will there be? ......Let's hope so, cause I will surely buy it!
 We recently purchased this DVD for our three year old son who is obsessed with John Deere tractors.  He watches it over and over again until we can't take it anymore.  The songs are catchy and you will find yourself humming along even if you don't mean to.  If you have a child who loves John Deere, then this is a perfect DVD for them. 
 What do I think of when someone says "Disney!"? Hmmm...kiddy films, girly stuff, princess(groan, we don't need more of that!), dreams come true and...cheesy?Yep, all of the things above are in Ice Princess, with some fresh twists. With the "mean rival" changed to "nice rival", and add "with hard work" after "dreams come true". I mean, look at Sleeping Beauty and Cinderella, what did they do to make their dreams come true, which is a pathetic one, to marry a prince? One had a 100-year beauty sleep and the other had a fairy-godmother to make her a nice dress with a flick of the wand! Casey Carlyle was totally different. I agree with people, that it's impossible that she can become that good in such a short period of time, which is one of the reasons I give this film a 4 and not a 5. But it's an improvement.The cutting of the skating scenes are beautifully done, and while people on IMDB say that they're to showy, it is true, but aww, come on, this is a movie, not a real competition, and everybody likes some nice ice-skating in movies.The acting is great, especially Michelle Trachtenberg and Hayden Panettiere. Michelle's acting is really good, and you can see the gradual transformation from geeky to graceful in her movements. Hayden Panettiere's acting is also good, but it's a pity that her character is somewhat bland and "Mary-Sue"ish. "Mary-Sue"ish would mean that she's almost perfect. She's smart, good at sports and extremely popular also. It is very unfair, because on the page I'm writing this review on, it says "Ice Princess (Widescreen Edition)~JOAN CUSACK. I know she and Kim Catrall or the ones with fame, and don't mistake me, the acting IS good, but Casey and Gen completely steals the stage, and in the place of Joan Cusack, it should be the names of those two.The soundtrack is wonderful, especially Reachin' for Heaven and No One. Delicious songs! And Reachin' for Heaven is currently competing with forty something other songs for a place in the 78th Oscar Nominations List. Good luck
 As usual with a Bruce Willis movie there has to be things blowing up or catching on fire and there was. Interesting high-tech house and mostly believable small-town villains who are the hostage-takers. The underlying story of the rich dad & his swindles detracted from it I think
 To have these three classics for this low price is fantastic. One film is the 1938 version of the classic Christmas Carol this one starring Reginald Owen as a very respectable Scrooge. If you can refrain from comparing him to Alastair Sim, you will be better able to enjoy another interpretation of Scrooge, and it is a fine one. Owen is truly miserly and wretched, as befits Scrooge, and very believable. The overall production is wonderful, the only drawback was the casting of Terry Kilburn as Tiny Tim...WAY over the top, to the point where he is annoying. But all in all, a great version, and Ann Rutherford as the Ghost of Christmas Past is fascinating.Christmas in Connecticut is very satisfying; a real new England Christmas, with Barbara Stanwyck in one of her lighter roles. This is enjoyable for those who are alone over the Holidays and a great film to watch with family for those who will have a traditional Holiday, with family and friends.I saved the best for last...Boys Town.This is absolutely one of my all-time favorites, with Mickey Rooney in one of his definitve, cocky wise-guy roles. No one could touch a Mickey Rooney performance in this type of role; he cornered the brash market...as he proves in this movie. It is a real treat to watch him interact with Spencer Tracy, THE finest actor Hollywood has ever produced, IMO. He has dignity, he commands respect simply by virtue of his own quiet, firm presence.The other boys were great complements to the production; all very natural, and Bobs Watson particularly heart-breaking in his role; what a great actor he was! (If you can find a copy, see him with Cedric Hardwicke and Lionel Barrymore in "On Borrowed Time", a REAL tear-jerker.)I wish I could have been on the set of this one! They must have had a ball. When I saw it, as a child, I thought it was a movie, therefore fantasy, and not real; when I found out that Father Flanagan was indeed real, as was Boys Town, it gave the movie even more of a dimension and interest. His tenet, "There is no such thing as a bad boy", is touching in its simplicity and pure, simple faith. Father Flanagan's secret for success with even the most recalcitrant youth was this faith and his refusal to accept any boy's lack of self-esteem or belief in himself; with FF ALL things were possible.When Spencer Tracy was voted best Actor at the Academy Awards that year, he became the first actor to win the award two years in a row...the first was for his part as Manuel, in "Captains Courageous." Being the gracious, wonderful man he was, he accepted his award with extreme humility, and gave it to Father Flanagan, whom he highlighted in his acceptance speech.This movie has drama, excitement and some very funny moments and shows the amazing versatility of a very young Mickey Rooney. A truly great buy
 I first saw this as a child during an "afternoon movie" event at my gradeschool.  Little did I understand then how well the film emphasizes the basics of parenting, nor did I appreciate the subtle moral of the film, namely that good guys sometimes do finish first, by the very nature of their untainted goodness.I first saw this as a child during an "afternoon movie" event at my gradeschool.  Little did I understand then how well the film emphasizes the basics of parenting, nor did I appreciate the subtle moral of the film, namely that good guys sometimes do finish first, by the very nature of their untainted goodness.Oh, sure, I rooted for Charlie and his uncle, the poorest of the poor, simply trying to make ends meet.  And who didn't despise Veruca Salt, the bratty English tart--with a pushover for a father--who acted like the world was her private oyster?Oh, sure, I rooted for Charlie and his uncle, the poorest of the poor, simply trying to make ends meet.  And who didn't despise Veruca Salt, the bratty English tart--with a pushover for a father--who acted like the world was her private oyster?But having recently purchased and viewed this movie on DVD with my wife and little daughter, I was dazzled at how magical the Chocolate Factory still is, even in our age of CG film wizardry.  And without having seen the new version, I can't help but think that even the versatile Johnny Depp is not up to the task of leaping Gene Wilder's timeless portrayal of the candy tycoon, Willy Wonka.But having recently purchased and viewed this movie on DVD with my wife and little daughter, I was dazzled at how magical the Chocolate Factory still is, even in our age of CG film wizardry.  And without having seen the new version, I can't help but think that even the versatile Johnny Depp is not up to the task of leaping Gene Wilder's timeless portrayal of the candy tycoon, Willy Wonka.More impressive was the fact that this movie clearly dates from a time in hollywood when filmmakers were not above delivering straightforward, old-fashioned morality tales with universal appeal.  Several deadly sins are on display throughout this film, including gluttony, vanity, greed, and avarice; and the end results of these unchecked urges are plain to young and old alike.More impressive was the fact that this movie clearly dates from a time in hollywood when filmmakers were not above delivering straightforward, old-fashioned morality tales with universal appeal.  Several deadly sins are on display throughout this film, including gluttony, vanity, greed, and avarice; and the end results of these unchecked urges are plain to young and old alike.The lessons for children and parents are hilariously and sometimes embarrassingly illustrated, and I have to wonder if this has been preserved in the new film, or scuttled for some altogether more nebulous message more in tune with the 21st century postmodernism that Hollywood has embraced?The lessons for children and parents are hilariously and sometimes embarrassingly illustrated, and I have to wonder if this has been preserved in the new film, or scuttled for some altogether more nebulous message more in tune with the 21st century postmodernism that Hollywood has embraced?I'll have to check it out.  Meanwhile, see the classic, and be charmed all over again
 OK,there is not really much to say here except that if you like to show off your field sequential 3D set you should have this disc as the depth is great and there is almost no ghosting in the entire film. The Plot is pure ham and cheese. A whacked out scientist steals the original manuscripts for Dracula, Frankenstein,The Werewolf of Paris, and The Mummy and begins to suck out the life force of a young librarian in order to bring the essence of the archetypes contained in the books to life.( I told you it was stupid)Before the entire experiment can transpose the girl escapes midway through and we are left we pint sized versions of the classic monsters who are none too happy about their current height.If you can accept a movie on the level of a Police Academy or Earnest goes to Camp then you should not have a problem with this. Only major gripe is that there is not enough in your face gags but compared to steaming dung like Camp Blood this is a masterpiece
 This is a warm-hearted, sweet story based on the Cinderella fairy tale. Only we have Sam, a young girl who works at a diner once owned by her father and taken over by her wicked stepmother when he dies in an earthquake. Sam carries on a secret email/chat romance with the most popular boy in her high school, but she doesn't know the identity of her Prince Charming.This is a warm-hearted, sweet story based on the Cinderella fairy tale. Only we have Sam, a young girl who works at a diner once owned by her father and taken over by her wicked stepmother when he dies in an earthquake. Sam carries on a secret email/chat romance with the most popular boy in her high school, but she doesn't know the identity of her Prince Charming.Jennifer Coolidge was a scream as the Botoxed, cosmetically enhanced, tackily dressed wicked stepmother. She was hilarious in "Legally Blonde", but really goes all out for this role. Quite a scene stealer was Madeline Zima as one of the two wicked stepsisters. Hilary Duff is her usual adorable, perky blonde self and is a delight to watch.Jennifer Coolidge was a scream as the Botoxed, cosmetically enhanced, tackily dressed wicked stepmother. She was hilarious in "Legally Blonde", but really goes all out for this role. Quite a scene stealer was Madeline Zima as one of the two wicked stepsisters. Hilary Duff is her usual adorable, perky blonde self and is a delight to watch.One of the funniest moments for me was at the diner that was redecorated into a pepto-bismol fifties motif by the stepmother. The poor waitresses were all required to wear pink cashmere sweaters, pearls, a poodle skirt with petticoats and roller skates. If that isn't hard enough, the waitresses had to spin as they served people or picked up orders. I love when funny bits like this are slipped into movies. One can just see Jennifer Coolidge's wicked stepmother character instructing these poor waitresses on how to twirl as they served customers.One of the funniest moments for me was at the diner that was redecorated into a pepto-bismol fifties motif by the stepmother. The poor waitresses were all required to wear pink cashmere sweaters, pearls, a poodle skirt with petticoats and roller skates. If that isn't hard enough, the waitresses had to spin as they served people or picked up orders. I love when funny bits like this are slipped into movies. One can just see Jennifer Coolidge's wicked stepmother character instructing these poor waitresses on how to twirl as they served customers.This is a GREAT family film. Although I don't have children yet, I enjoy this film as a break from all the intense films aimed at adults. It is light-hearted fluff, but very enjoyable, like a cup of hot chocolate. Included on the DVD is Hallie's and Hilary's music video of "Our Lips Are Sealed" and a bunch of other special features as well.
 Warning: Do not watch this movie if you are hungry! If you do, within the first 10 minutes, you will pause it, and have to run out for chinese food instantly and not the quick take out junk either, but the honest to god traditional chinese cuisine that the father makes. I adore this movie, It is a heartwarming, hilarious story about a Widower Retired Master Chef and his Three very different daughters. Ang Lee gives us insight into this family from the perspective of how love and life and humanity can be compared to eating and drinking. The soundtrack is amazing, the scenery is magnificent and the realness of it all transport you in, so that you can almost smell the food cooking. I would have killed to be on that set to just sample all those dishes!
 Based upon director and writer Oliver Stone's own experiences in Vietnam, PLATOON was the first major motion picture about that war directed by a veteran from that conflict.  The movie revolves around a young American soldier, Pvt. Chris Taylor (a young Charlie Sheen) and the platoon he lives and fights with during his tour of duty.  The battle sequences are very gritty, graphic, and realistic.  Taylor serves under the direct leadership of Sgt. Elias Grodin (Willem Dafoe), but both men are under the command of Staff Sgt. Bob Barnes (Tom Berenger). Grodin and Barnes have two completely different views of leadership and opposing worldviews.  Grodin represents everything that is good and noble and worth fighting for in the conflict, while Barnes represents all the evil and ugliness of the war.  At its core then, PLATOON is a movie about the internal war for one soldier's soul between good and evil.  Though Stone based the film upon his own experiences, there are scenes that have been embellished and the view Stone presents is only one view of the war--see the film WE WERE SOLDIERS for the opposite view as presented by Stone in PLATOON.Based upon director and writer Oliver Stone's own experiences in Vietnam, PLATOON was the first major motion picture about that war directed by a veteran from that conflict.  The movie revolves around a young American soldier, Pvt. Chris Taylor (a young Charlie Sheen) and the platoon he lives and fights with during his tour of duty.  The battle sequences are very gritty, graphic, and realistic.  Taylor serves under the direct leadership of Sgt. Elias Grodin (Willem Dafoe), but both men are under the command of Staff Sgt. Bob Barnes (Tom Berenger). Grodin and Barnes have two completely different views of leadership and opposing worldviews.  Grodin represents everything that is good and noble and worth fighting for in the conflict, while Barnes represents all the evil and ugliness of the war.  At its core then, PLATOON is a movie about the internal war for one soldier's soul between good and evil.  Though Stone based the film upon his own experiences, there are scenes that have been embellished and the view Stone presents is only one view of the war--see the film WE WERE SOLDIERS for the opposite view as presented by Stone in PLATOON.Despite the negative outlook upon life, the military, and the Vietnam War, PLATOON is probably Oliver Stone's best movie to date.  Stone's direction of the film is brilliant from the two-week boot camp the actors endured before principal filming, to the fine details such as the color of the wrapping paper on the cigarettes, to filming in sequence, to recognizing the talent of Johnny Depp, Stone illustrated in PLATOON was that he was a great director and one to be reckoned with.  The film contains fine performances: Tom Berenger, Willem Dafoe, Charlie Sheen, Forest Whitaker, Francesco Quinn, John C. McGinley, and Johnny Depp all give powerful portrayals that ground the movie in humanity, despite the deep metaphysical connotations.  PLATOON won the 1986 Oscar for Best Picture, Stone won the Best Director Oscar, and also received a nomination for Best Original Screenplay.Despite the negative outlook upon life, the military, and the Vietnam War, PLATOON is probably Oliver Stone's best movie to date.  Stone's direction of the film is brilliant from the two-week boot camp the actors endured before principal filming, to the fine details such as the color of the wrapping paper on the cigarettes, to filming in sequence, to recognizing the talent of Johnny Depp, Stone illustrated in PLATOON was that he was a great director and one to be reckoned with.  The film contains fine performances: Tom Berenger, Willem Dafoe, Charlie Sheen, Forest Whitaker, Francesco Quinn, John C. McGinley, and Johnny Depp all give powerful portrayals that ground the movie in humanity, despite the deep metaphysical connotations.  PLATOON won the 1986 Oscar for Best Picture, Stone won the Best Director Oscar, and also received a nomination for Best Original Screenplay.I was surprised and found that I enjoyed PLATOON, though there were several parts of the film that I found myself aghast.  I've never been in battle myself, but I do know that war is hell.  Nevertheless, I cannot bring myself to agree with the film's negative worldview and ultimately the loss of one's soul to evil.  Despite this, there are many positive things within the movie.  This is a movie that any film buff should see and people who enjoy war movies might enjoy it as well (though they might prefer something more hopeful such as SAVING PRIVATER RYAN or WE WERE SOLDIERS)
 This is  a very enjoyable and funny movie with a heartwarming ending. All Michael J. Fox fans be sure to get this! There are many good supporting characters such as: Bridget Fonda, Woody Harrelson, Barnard Hughes and Julie Warner
 OK, this movied is a favorite. Having said that, I am less than blown away by this new transfer. Still looks a bit dull to me. It's a fun set though. Getting the box was a no-brainer. Am I the only one who's missing the poster offer? A sticker on the outside claims that the offer is to be found within. Well I don't see it..
 Clueless has been released on DVD before, with nothing more than two theatrical trailers as bonus features. In 2005, for its 10th anniversary, Paramount finally released a great, if not cheesily named, DVD edition of this 90's teen comedy classic, with such quotable lines as "You're a virgin who can't drive" and "As if!"Clueless has been released on DVD before, with nothing more than two theatrical trailers as bonus features. In 2005, for its 10th anniversary, Paramount finally released a great, if not cheesily named, DVD edition of this 90's teen comedy classic, with such quotable lines as "You're a virgin who can't drive" and "As if!"The transfer on this DVD is AWESOME. It's very clean, sharp, and clear. I don't remember any issues on the past DVD, but if there were any, it seems like they were cleared up for this release.The transfer on this DVD is AWESOME. It's very clean, sharp, and clear. I don't remember any issues on the past DVD, but if there were any, it seems like they were cleared up for this release.The bonus features are likeable fluff, but at least they're existent. Featuring new interviews with several cast and crew members, such featurettes as "The Class of '95," which discusses the cast, and "Language Arts," which discusses the many phrases that this movie brought to our pop culture lexicon, allow us to delve, if only just slightly, into the making and the impact of this movie. Also, the trailers from the previous DVD release are included.The bonus features are likeable fluff, but at least they're existent. Featuring new interviews with several cast and crew members, such featurettes as "The Class of '95," which discusses the cast, and "Language Arts," which discusses the many phrases that this movie brought to our pop culture lexicon, allow us to delve, if only just slightly, into the making and the impact of this movie. Also, the trailers from the previous DVD release are included.Children of the 90's definitely need to own this DVD. Clueless is still a major part of America's pop culture today, and really, who doesn't love watching a 90's teen comedy remake of a literary classic like Jane Austen's Emma
 This one is a classic not only to the general public but among submarine sailors as well.   It is considered the greatest of all submarine movies and with good reason.   Almost the entire plot is onboard and underway.  The tensions that rise from long periods at sea and personality clashes among a large group of strong-willed and independently-minded men is real.  It is a must have for the second world war movie buff and submarine movie collectors.  The acting is superb and perfectly cast in each role.  The dramatic interaction of the characters will keep this one a classic for ages to come
 What can I say? This is a darn good action/adventure flick. There's suspense, guns/ammo, mummies, creepy crawly insects, tombs, and all that there is that make an action movie excellent. This is one example of good escapism. Kudos to Fraser, Weisz, and Sommers for exquisitely remaking the original "Mummy."What can I say? This is a darn good action/adventure flick. There's suspense, guns/ammo, mummies, creepy crawly insects, tombs, and all that there is that make an action movie excellent. This is one example of good escapism. Kudos to Fraser, Weisz, and Sommers for exquisitely remaking the original "Mummy."A
 I love when a blonde, assumed air-head, realizes her dreams. She even goes far beyond what she thought she wanted. She is lovely, funny, smart, honest, and hard-working. Who wouldn't love her? So glad this movie was made
 Any collection that has The Lost Patrol has got to be worth the 40 bucks.  That movie and Boris Karloff alone is something to behold.  But this collection also contains Sgt Rutlidge which a movie way before its time.  Mary Queen of Scots, I wasn't even aware was a John Ford Movie. The Informer another great and Cheyene Autumn.  I think this set has a little bit of something for everyone. I just wish that we knew if this was the 66 minute watered down version of Lost Patrol or the original uncut version.
 If you enjoy movies with random terrorist executions, religious cults, Andy Kaufman as a mass murdering cop, alien abductions, bizarre sexual anatomies, etc (Don't we all?), you will LOVE this one.  Alone in its genre
 In all her 48 movies, Brigitte Bardot never catches public imagination with more effect than she does here. Paradise on earth is just around the corner, she tells us, making the sparks fly off your screen. This edition is the new one, by the way, cleaned up in 2000. You will appreciate its fine use of colors.In all her 48 movies, Brigitte Bardot never catches public imagination with more effect than she does here. Paradise on earth is just around the corner, she tells us, making the sparks fly off your screen. This edition is the new one, by the way, cleaned up in 2000. You will appreciate its fine use of colors.That really is all there is to say about this movie. But it's enough. More than enough. It is exactly the reason why 'Et Dieu crea la femme' (= And God created woman) is immortal
 This is a GREAT movie!  I would encourage EVERYONE to see this one... even if you have never even known someone with this condition, you should buy this movie.  There are not enough movies like this one out there.  We need to support this type of film making.  I don't want to give the plot of the movie away, so I won't go into great detail.  Watching this movie gives me hope.  Hope for so many people out there with this illness.  Hope that they or someone close to them will watch this and will give this diet a try.  Don't give up hope.  Thank you to whomever made this film possible.  
 This DVD was a really good buy, even if you are just somewhat into Incubus, but if you are a big fan, it's a must have. The home videos and tour of the tour bus and all the music videos and concert footage was great, with great sound quality. Also, there is a really funny Take Me To Your Leader music video. It's a really cool DVD. The only thing i didn't like, was the "Massive Song Archive" the background music was kind of annoying, and you cant just sit and watch through the whole thing, you have to click on different things. But good buy anyways. INCUBUS ROX
 Where do I start??  I am a 39 year old career-obsessed straight female (lawyer). I fell in love with these guys. Brian (Gale Harold) You are the James Dean of this generation, the man we love, adore, the badboy with a golden heart, who we all fall hopelessley in love with.  Brian, Justin, Em,Micheal and Ted.  I became absolutely besotted with them and their funny, sad unbelievable stories and watched fixated episode after episode.  I laughed, I cried, I cheered and I lived the rollercoaster with them.  Buy series 1, you will be hooked just like I was, I have now viewed all 5 and keep going over and over them. It dosent matter who you are, or where you come from, or what you represent. This series is wonderful, and funny and full of love and hope. Its appeal is absolutely universal for all us dreamers and lovers and geeks.Watch it, and weep... I promise you won't be disappointed. Watch it, and weep... I promise you won't be disappointed. 
 This DVD is exactly what I've been waiting for and its FINALLY available. If you love KITH like I do, its totally worth it to buy this DVD. It was like swimming in Kids In The Hall HEAVEN! It gives you a complete list of the easily accessable episodes and what skits are in each one. The bonus stuff is awesome,though I haven't watched all of it yet. I also loved how the dvd lets you control your Kids-fix. If you only have time for a quick skit, you can go right to which skit you want. If you want to watch one whole episode, you can go to what episode you want to watch with ease. Or if you want to just lose yourself in a big Kids marathon you can select
 Yes the movie is great but please tell me about the DVD ! How's the quality,are there deleted scene's ,any bonus material ? I think there are about 115 reviews about the movie but I would like more info about the DVD itself!I am from Georgia where the movie was filmed ....so I'm hoping for some deleted scene's ! Anyone who has the DVD,please give info! Thanks 
 Perfect for kids age 3 and up - highly recommended. Not a scary way to teach kids about safety, just helps kids stay smart on the safe side
 i love all the rockford file's. and this collection is very good, i cant wait till the third season comes ou
 Unfortunely this movie was a sleeper in the theatres when it first came out. But check out the cast! Jo Ann Fleet (thoughtly modern millie) and Robert DeNiro in a comedy.An a comedy it is. It's just pure fun and a great uplifing movie if you have the blues.  It's so funny and you won't be disappointed,,,i promise.
 In this set of episodes, the Battle City is down to the wire. My favorite character, Marik(not Yami Marik) is the center of the events. Most of his character is known in this set. It seemed almost if Yugi was only a side-note for a while. Even though I dislike dub, this was still good enough for me. In this set of episodes, the Battle City is down to the wire. My favorite character, Marik(not Yami Marik) is the center of the events. Most of his character is known in this set. It seemed almost if Yugi was only a side-note for a while. Even though I dislike dub, this was still good enough for me. The scene when Marik talks to his brother for the last time (or so he thinks at that moment) is one of the most beautifully drawn of any anime I've seen. If only the voice actor sounded like Marik's age for once and kept the poignant music. And didn't use the gold stuff when someone's mind is snatched.The scene when Marik talks to his brother for the last time (or so he thinks at that moment) is one of the most beautifully drawn of any anime I've seen. If only the voice actor sounded like Marik's age for once and kept the poignant music. And didn't use the gold stuff when someone's mind is snatched.(And also a shame is that the Ishtars won't appear for many episodes after this with such a simple exit...
 This DVD contains the basic techniques of Krav maga system. The techniques include attacks with hands (mostly punches with closed fist, but also hammer punches), elbows, knees and feet. There are some counterattacks and defences also included. At the beginning of the film they talk about angles of attack, target areas and stance & movement. As a DVD extra, they present focus mitt combinations to utilize in your training (they mention that they will produce an entire film on the subject in the future).This DVD contains the basic techniques of Krav maga system. The techniques include attacks with hands (mostly punches with closed fist, but also hammer punches), elbows, knees and feet. There are some counterattacks and defences also included. At the beginning of the film they talk about angles of attack, target areas and stance & movement. As a DVD extra, they present focus mitt combinations to utilize in your training (they mention that they will produce an entire film on the subject in the future).It is worth mentioning that they don't teach, or even mention the correct falling technique at all. Also, I think they should have taught also palm strikes, but for some reason they were left out. As palm strike is almost as effective as punch with a closed fist, but much more safe for your own hand, it should be included in everyones' arsenal. When instructing kicking techniques, they mention casually that you can kick also to the head. I think that they should have warned against that, because in real life, kicking above your own waist is considered risky, and generally not advisable.It is worth mentioning that they don't teach, or even mention the correct falling technique at all. Also, I think they should have taught also palm strikes, but for some reason they were left out. As palm strike is almost as effective as punch with a closed fist, but much more safe for your own hand, it should be included in everyones' arsenal. When instructing kicking techniques, they mention casually that you can kick also to the head. I think that they should have warned against that, because in real life, kicking above your own waist is considered risky, and generally not advisable.The presentation of techniques varies from fair to excellent, the average being of good quality. In some techniques I learned some nuances I had not grasped in my Krav maga classes. Each technique opens up with a dramatized scene in which the technique is used. After that they present the technique at full speed, and after that in slow motion, and finally in learning stages. For some reason, they have chosen not to use slow motion of a full speed presentation of technique. Rather, the person presenting the technique is moving in slow motion, according to the instructions of off-screen narrator. This makes somewhat amateurish impression of the production.The presentation of techniques varies from fair to excellent, the average being of good quality. In some techniques I learned some nuances I had not grasped in my Krav maga classes. Each technique opens up with a dramatized scene in which the technique is used. After that they present the technique at full speed, and after that in slow motion, and finally in learning stages. For some reason, they have chosen not to use slow motion of a full speed presentation of technique. Rather, the person presenting the technique is moving in slow motion, according to the instructions of off-screen narrator. This makes somewhat amateurish impression of the production.Speaking of production, it is fairly OK. The film is shot with only one camera, but for the most part, it is shooting at the right spot. The techniques are presented in a studio against a black screen, but the dramatized scenes are shot in loading docks, restaurants, parking lots and so on. They use two narrators who take turns with narrating the techniques. The other narrator is International Krav maga federation head instructor Eyal Yanilov, and the other is U.S. chief instructor Darren Levine. Yanilov does not speak very good English, so from time to time it is hard to grasp what he is saying. Otherwise the production is good, and it's easy to understand the techniques.Speaking of production, it is fairly OK. The film is shot with only one camera, but for the most part, it is shooting at the right spot. The techniques are presented in a studio against a black screen, but the dramatized scenes are shot in loading docks, restaurants, parking lots and so on. They use two narrators who take turns with narrating the techniques. The other narrator is International Krav maga federation head instructor Eyal Yanilov, and the other is U.S. chief instructor Darren Levine. Yanilov does not speak very good English, so from time to time it is hard to grasp what he is saying. Otherwise the production is good, and it's easy to understand the techniques.As a Krav maga practitioner myself, I like the system. In this film, they have succeeded in presenting the basic techniques very well. There are some shortcomings, though, that reduce one star from the rating of this film. As a Krav maga practitioner myself, I like the system. In this film, they have succeeded in presenting the basic techniques very well. There are some shortcomings, though, that reduce one star from the rating of this film. Run time: 1:2
 The picture quality is not very good.  It's like watching the videos on an old VHS tape taped off of television.  I've never seen a DVD in my DVD player look so not digital.  The selection is okay, the DVD opens playing a small clip of the Tears for Fears song "Head Over Heels" even though that video isn't on the set--but fear not, two Tears for Fears videos are here.  I bought this because I love the Level 42 video for "Something About You," and I figured this was my one shot to get it on DVD.  Buy this if you just must have it, the price is a bit much for such a short little collection, this should really be in the $12.99 or less range
 Capsule reviewer Sam Graham (above) is one king-sized jerk! Tears For Fears and Swing Out Sister are two of the best acts that came out of the '80s and they are still going strong today! The videos on this collection are some of the most obvious, but enjoyable nevertheless. It would be nice if Amazon would hire somebody  to write for them who at least had a little common sense when it comes to music, instead of some supposedly "hip" idiot
 This wasn't all that funnyNor did I see romanceI saw instead four drama queensPlus one more wearing pantsPlus one more wearing pantsUnlike Carrie and her palsThis ain't $ex and the CityThree are married, one is notAnd all deserving pityAnd all deserving pityThree have money, one does notOlivia's a maidShe walked out on her teaching jobAnd now is underpaidAnd now is underpaidFranny got hers in a willJane from designing clothesChristine is a writerwhile Olivia's debt growswhile Olivia's debt growsDespite the money that they haveNone of them are contentInsecure and neuroticAnd certainly high rentAnd certainly high rentBut if you really look at themThey reflect our inner fearsGetting fat, and getting oldAnd thinking no one caresAnd thinking no one caresTo enjoy this chick flick movieYou have to dig down deepExplore your inner feelingsAnd then drift off to sleepAnd then drift off to sleepAnd then drift off to sleepRated: 3.5 starsRated: 3.5 starsRated: 3.5 starsRated: 3.5 starsRated: 3.5 starsAmanda Richards, October 29, 2006
 'Mr. Smith Goes to Washington' is a classic Frank Capra film from '39. Starring a stellar cast of some of Hollywood's best from the "Golden Age" of cinema it's not only one of the greatest films of that era, but a fascinating time capsule view into a time when patriotism and love of America was something to be proud of, not mocked. Yes it's overly sentimental and at times almost laughable in its blatant pandering to our emotions, however it has survived the test of time and now some 67 years since its release it can still melt the heart of even the most jaded among us.'Mr. Smith Goes to Washington' is a classic Frank Capra film from '39. Starring a stellar cast of some of Hollywood's best from the "Golden Age" of cinema it's not only one of the greatest films of that era, but a fascinating time capsule view into a time when patriotism and love of America was something to be proud of, not mocked. Yes it's overly sentimental and at times almost laughable in its blatant pandering to our emotions, however it has survived the test of time and now some 67 years since its release it can still melt the heart of even the most jaded among us.Can the young and naive Jefferson Smith (Jimmy Stewart) survive in the United States capital as a newly appointed Senator? Will he check his ideals and values at the door and play the political game or will he stand up for what's right against the "powers that be?" If you're any kind of movie buff you already know the answer.Can the young and naive Jefferson Smith (Jimmy Stewart) survive in the United States capital as a newly appointed Senator? Will he check his ideals and values at the door and play the political game or will he stand up for what's right against the "powers that be?" If you're any kind of movie buff you already know the answer.One of Capra's and Stewart's best and definitely one of the Essentials to any DVD collection!
 I find this to be a perfect depiction of small town life being I lived for 11 years in a town quite like this one.  Really enjoyed the movie and the acting. I enjoyed most Terry Moore's potrayal of Betty
 So this is the best I have seen from a terrible tradgedy. I watched with friends with tears streaming down my face. So factual and so sad
 Eastwood and Lee Van Cleef. What asolid combination! Better thanFistful of dollars and I likedit better than the too long Good,Bad and Ugly. Van Cleef as bad guy?Sorry, I can't go for that
 Every fiber of my being is incorporated into this review for Jack &quot;Ti Jean&quot; Kerouac! To actually see most of Kerouac's fellow writer's and poet's giving his or her true and poignant interpretation of the unmitigated &quot;genius&quot; that was this brother Lowellian is in itself a magnificent production! I bought this DVD today at a mall in New Hampshire and could have bought it for less on Amazon.com! Just a few minutes ago I did order the DVD &quot;Jack Kerouac-King of the Beats&quot; on Amazon.com and can't wait for its arrival! If it's anything like &quot;What Happened To Kerouac?&quot; then it will surely be another masterful production! After I write this review I am going to watch this DVD again and experience the same chills as I did when initially watching it for the first time! Anyone that is a true fan of Kerouac and his works will be smitten with this production because you are reliving pure literary genius! To hear the poetry and prose from the lips and soul of Kerouac himself is truly awe-inspiring! This production is a brutal and factual statement of a man that was rarely understood but truly adored by those that have read the majestic prose and verse that was and still is: Jack Kerouac
 I almost gave up on this one forty minutes in.  Don't you do that.  The ending is superb.I almost gave up on this one forty minutes in.  Don't you do that.  The ending is superb.Premise: working class girl gets dumped by her boyfriend and seeks work by housekeeping.Premise: working class girl gets dumped by her boyfriend and seeks work by housekeeping.Well, that can lead to something better if you keep house for the right person.Well, that can lead to something better if you keep house for the right person.Jacques (Jean-Pierre Bacri) who recently got walked out on by his wife, and who, not so incidentally looks sixty--well, fifty-five--(actually he was barely fifty when this was made, but you get the point) gets his ad for a housekeeper answered by Laura (Emilie Dequenne) who is twentysomething--a young twentysomething.Jacques (Jean-Pierre Bacri) who recently got walked out on by his wife, and who, not so incidentally looks sixty--well, fifty-five--(actually he was barely fifty when this was made, but you get the point) gets his ad for a housekeeper answered by Laura (Emilie Dequenne) who is twentysomething--a young twentysomething.I guess there is not much else to say, and to be honest I decided I would force myself to watch the inevitable.  But the director is Claude Berri who directed two of the best movies I ever saw: Manon of the Spring (1986) and Jean De Florette (1986).I guess there is not much else to say, and to be honest I decided I would force myself to watch the inevitable.  But the director is Claude Berri who directed two of the best movies I ever saw: Manon of the Spring (1986) and Jean De Florette (1986).And so I stayed with it.  At about the fifty minute mark the movie started to get interesting.  I could feel that old guy/young girl love affair was going to take an unexpected fork in the road.  (As Yogi said, if you come to a fork in the road, take it.  The players have no choice.)  Obviously, old guy/young girl can end only one way: young girl leaves old guy for young guy.  This is biology.  It will be painful.And so I stayed with it.  At about the fifty minute mark the movie started to get interesting.  I could feel that old guy/young girl love affair was going to take an unexpected fork in the road.  (As Yogi said, if you come to a fork in the road, take it.  The players have no choice.)  Obviously, old guy/young girl can end only one way: young girl leaves old guy for young guy.  This is biology.  It will be painful.Claude Berri knows all this, and probably a lot better than I do.  And so guess what?Claude Berri knows all this, and probably a lot better than I do.  And so guess what?Well, I won't tell.  But you will find that the last thirty-some minutes of this sexy romantic comedy delightful, and especially the very, very clever and most satisfying ending.Well, I won't tell.  But you will find that the last thirty-some minutes of this sexy romantic comedy delightful, and especially the very, very clever and most satisfying ending.Just prior to that Laura asks Jacques for his blessing.  He won't give it, but she is right: he should.  And then when we get the final "life is so...lifelike" grimace on Jacques's face, we can only smile.Just prior to that Laura asks Jacques for his blessing.  He won't give it, but she is right: he should.  And then when we get the final "life is so...lifelike" grimace on Jacques's face, we can only smile.Emilie Dequenne is delightful as the strangely wise and very natural Laura, and Jean-Pierre Bacri is winning as the old guy who knows better, but on reflection should thank his lucky stars
 There are so many reasons to love all things Canadian: national health insurance for all citizens, the novelist Margaret Atwood and certainly Leonard Cohen. A group of singers got together to honor Cohen by singing his songs: Nick Cave, U2 and Bono, Kate and Anna McGarrigle, Rufus Wainwright, Martha Wainwright, Anthony et al. Added to their performances are footage from many periods of Mr. Cohen's life, interviews with him and a song or two sung by him as well. We thus have this documentary that will delight Mr. Cohen's fans.  At 72, Mr. Cohen may have lost a lot of his voice-- he opines that he never could carry a tune-- but he has lost none of his brilliant self-deprecating humor.There are so many reasons to love all things Canadian: national health insurance for all citizens, the novelist Margaret Atwood and certainly Leonard Cohen. A group of singers got together to honor Cohen by singing his songs: Nick Cave, U2 and Bono, Kate and Anna McGarrigle, Rufus Wainwright, Martha Wainwright, Anthony et al. Added to their performances are footage from many periods of Mr. Cohen's life, interviews with him and a song or two sung by him as well. We thus have this documentary that will delight Mr. Cohen's fans.  At 72, Mr. Cohen may have lost a lot of his voice-- he opines that he never could carry a tune-- but he has lost none of his brilliant self-deprecating humor.The singers are fantastic; but why wouldn't they be with such words and lyrics?  Nick Cave sings probably Cohen's most well-known song "Suzanne," introduced to the U. S. public so many years ago by Judy Collins. One wonders if the group drew straws to see who would get to sing that one. Anthony is great, of course; but the Wainwrights, both Martha (her rendition of "The Traitor" will put chills on your spine) and Rufus who sings "Everybody Knows," "Chelsea Hotel Number 2" and "Hallelujah" are not to be missed. Rufus' account of meeting Leonard Cohen for the first time when he was feeding a young broken bird shouldn't surprise anyone who has listened to his lyrics over the years.The singers are fantastic; but why wouldn't they be with such words and lyrics?  Nick Cave sings probably Cohen's most well-known song "Suzanne," introduced to the U. S. public so many years ago by Judy Collins. One wonders if the group drew straws to see who would get to sing that one. Anthony is great, of course; but the Wainwrights, both Martha (her rendition of "The Traitor" will put chills on your spine) and Rufus who sings "Everybody Knows," "Chelsea Hotel Number 2" and "Hallelujah" are not to be missed. Rufus' account of meeting Leonard Cohen for the first time when he was feeding a young broken bird shouldn't surprise anyone who has listened to his lyrics over the years.This film is one that those of us who love and revere this man will purchase the day it is released on DVD.  
 I am sure that if you are looking at this then you are a fan of the trinity movies.  The Nobody character is based on Trinity but with much more refined.  Terence Hill's Nobody has a certain directness and is  a much fuller character.  Henry Fonda's career in spaghetti westerns often gets overlooked and that is a real shame.  If you compare this to his portrayal of Wyatt Earp then you can see that the love of the western never left him.  This is much more the Fonda that one loves rather than the villian in "Once upon a Time in The West" (itself a great film).  I love showing this to people that have never seen it. They usally like it and then I move on the the Trinity films
 The reason I believe the Ring is a classic horror movie is because it disturbs me on a VERY personal, unexplainable level.  You see, the main storyline of the Ring is the fact that this video tape has been created, and anyone who watches this video tape will die in some unusual, twisted manner.  It's up to a reporter woman named Rachel to figure everything out.  She's the main character of the film, along with her son.The reason I believe the Ring is a classic horror movie is because it disturbs me on a VERY personal, unexplainable level.  You see, the main storyline of the Ring is the fact that this video tape has been created, and anyone who watches this video tape will die in some unusual, twisted manner.  It's up to a reporter woman named Rachel to figure everything out.  She's the main character of the film, along with her son.As I mention above, something very unusual about the film effects me in a way I can't explain.  First of all, the entire film is very effectively well-done the way everything is dark and damp and, for lack of better words, SCARY!  As I mention above, something very unusual about the film effects me in a way I can't explain.  First of all, the entire film is very effectively well-done the way everything is dark and damp and, for lack of better words, SCARY!  The one thing I remembered after watching the Ring are some of the things that were on that video tape.  The mirror on the wall, and the location of the ladder are two things I could have SWORN I've seen somewhere before, like a childhood memory I can't figure out.  Like I've been SOMEWHERE and seen those things before.  Like the video tape used in the storyline actually existed before the film was released in 2003, and I believe I've actually SEEN the footage on that video tape many years ago *somewhere* because the sequence with the mirror and the ladder looked *incredibly* familiar.  I can't explain what it is but this is the main reason I find the movie so delightful. 
 I find this film to be very different to most American films.  It is very funny in its own way and MAKE you think about the true meaning of money and its relationship to HAPPYNESS.I find this film to be very different to most American films.  It is very funny in its own way and MAKE you think about the true meaning of money and its relationship to HAPPYNESS.It is on my ten best films.
 I grew up watching this movie... its a movie I seem to never get bored with. Paul newman is an awesome actor, and if you are a fan of his, this is a must have in your movie collection!!!!
 Okay,the only real extras on the DVD is a theatrical trailer for the film and some biographical information on the movie and it's stars,but Warner Bros. gets a five star rating for great picture and sound and the option of BOTH Standard Full Frame and Widescreen versions on one disc!!! This movie is an absolute classic!!! And it's great to have it on DVD!!! One of the great "men in chains" films!!! The great cast includes Paul Newman,George Kennedy(in his oscar winning role!),Wayne Rogers,Strother Martin,Joe Don Baker,Ralph Waite,and many other classic character actors!!! Two thumbs up!!! Five stars!!! A
 BEING COPIED FROM TV THE QUALITY CAME OUT GREAT. GOOD CHOISE OF SHOW
 Given that pornography is a multi-jillion-dollar-a-year business, it's sort of surprising that it hasn't received the cinematic treatment more often, but Boogie Nights provides it with the sort of skewed, darkly comic treatment that it almost certainly deserves, and becomes a certifiable classic in the process.  Following the story of Eddie Adams, a simple-minded, almost impossibly well-endowed teenager from suburban California who achieves porn stardom as Dirk Diggler before turning 20, Boogie Nights is both a time-tested star-is-born-and-almost-blows-it-all story and a loving tribute to a time and place that will probably never be replicated and the individuals who made it what it was.  Given that pornography is a multi-jillion-dollar-a-year business, it's sort of surprising that it hasn't received the cinematic treatment more often, but Boogie Nights provides it with the sort of skewed, darkly comic treatment that it almost certainly deserves, and becomes a certifiable classic in the process.  Following the story of Eddie Adams, a simple-minded, almost impossibly well-endowed teenager from suburban California who achieves porn stardom as Dirk Diggler before turning 20, Boogie Nights is both a time-tested star-is-born-and-almost-blows-it-all story and a loving tribute to a time and place that will probably never be replicated and the individuals who made it what it was.  Paul Thomas Anderson's directing is as excessive and stylish as you'd expect from a movie centered on the porno industry, with Anderson pulling out every trick in the book--long tracking shots, underwater closeups, montages, movie-within-a-movie views, and some moments that approach stream-of-consciousness (Dirk's vision of his professional name literally exploding off a neon sign being a prominent example).  Naturally, Anderson also loads the movie up with period details, right down to the Farah Fawcett poster in teenage Dirk's room, the platform shoes, and the obligatory disco sequences.  Its visual flair aside, though, Boogie Nights is also the sort of insanely quotable, watch-it-until-you've-memorized-it movie that seemed to come out in droves in the nineties (Trainspotting, Fargo, Goodfellas, Swingers, True Romance, etc. etc. etc.) but has been in disturbingly short supply this decade.  This movie simply seems to have everything you can think of going for it, especially its murderer's row of a cast--Burt Reynolds (Jack Horner), Don Cheadle (Buck Swope), John C. Reilly (Reed Rothchild), Julianne Moore (Amber Waves), William H. Macy (Little Bill), Luis Guzman (Maurice Rodriguez), Tom Jane (Todd Parker), Philip Baker Hall (Floyd Gondolli), Philip Seymour Hoffman (Scotty Jay), and Alfred Molina (Rahad Jackson) all figure prominently--and even Wahlberg (Dirk himself) and Heather Graham (Rollergirl) have roles that are perfectly suited to their relative limitations as actors.  Paul Thomas Anderson's directing is as excessive and stylish as you'd expect from a movie centered on the porno industry, with Anderson pulling out every trick in the book--long tracking shots, underwater closeups, montages, movie-within-a-movie views, and some moments that approach stream-of-consciousness (Dirk's vision of his professional name literally exploding off a neon sign being a prominent example).  Naturally, Anderson also loads the movie up with period details, right down to the Farah Fawcett poster in teenage Dirk's room, the platform shoes, and the obligatory disco sequences.  Its visual flair aside, though, Boogie Nights is also the sort of insanely quotable, watch-it-until-you've-memorized-it movie that seemed to come out in droves in the nineties (Trainspotting, Fargo, Goodfellas, Swingers, True Romance, etc. etc. etc.) but has been in disturbingly short supply this decade.  This movie simply seems to have everything you can think of going for it, especially its murderer's row of a cast--Burt Reynolds (Jack Horner), Don Cheadle (Buck Swope), John C. Reilly (Reed Rothchild), Julianne Moore (Amber Waves), William H. Macy (Little Bill), Luis Guzman (Maurice Rodriguez), Tom Jane (Todd Parker), Philip Baker Hall (Floyd Gondolli), Philip Seymour Hoffman (Scotty Jay), and Alfred Molina (Rahad Jackson) all figure prominently--and even Wahlberg (Dirk himself) and Heather Graham (Rollergirl) have roles that are perfectly suited to their relative limitations as actors.  That said, what really gives the movie its resonance is the obvious sympathy with which it treats its characters, who are generally easy to laugh at but equally easy to like.  The main characters almost entirely have hopes, aspirations, and attachments beyond the rather closed world of their profession--Jack's desire to be a serious filmmaker; Dirk's ridiculous pseudo-Karate and Reed's equally ridiculous poetry; Buck's goal of opening his own stereo store; Amber's attempts to get back in touch with her son, which she blatantly compensates for by mothering her co-stars--helping us see them as fleshed-out characters, not just plot devices in the story.  That said, what really gives the movie its resonance is the obvious sympathy with which it treats its characters, who are generally easy to laugh at but equally easy to like.  The main characters almost entirely have hopes, aspirations, and attachments beyond the rather closed world of their profession--Jack's desire to be a serious filmmaker; Dirk's ridiculous pseudo-Karate and Reed's equally ridiculous poetry; Buck's goal of opening his own stereo store; Amber's attempts to get back in touch with her son, which she blatantly compensates for by mothering her co-stars--helping us see them as fleshed-out characters, not just plot devices in the story.  Since there isn't really a plot to speak of, the movie is told as a series of episodes, Goodfellas-style, with several extended pieces--the pool party at Jack's House where Eddie/Dirk gets introduced to the whole crew; the New Year's Eve party celebrating the start of the '80's; the fake drug deal gone bad at a Rahad's house--serving to turn the narrative in new directions.  This last set piece--when Dirk, Reed, and Todd head over to Rahad's house to sell him some baking soda disguised as cocaine and it quickly degenerates into a laughably misguided robbery attempt--deserves special mention, as it's easily one of the most fascinating single scenes in recent film memory.  It starts off almost surreal, with a skinny Chinese guy walking around randomly lighting firecrackers and Rahad (clad only in underwear, a bathrobe and slippers) discoursing semi-coherently as he sings along to not-so-classic 80's songs on a mixtape.  From there it just gets progressively darker and tenser, with the lighting, acting, and direction all perfectly serving to ratchet up the feeling of desperation and horror as Todd kicks his ill-conceived robbery plot into motion and things spin way out of control.  Molina's over-the-top performance, more than anything else, makes the scene, as he turns Rahad into a manic ball of drug-fuelled energy and, later, a shotgun-toting avenging angel determined to take his revenge.  I wouldn't say Molina turns in the best performance I've ever seen in a movie, but it it probably the best performance I've seen from someone who only got one scene in the whole movie.Since there isn't really a plot to speak of, the movie is told as a series of episodes, Goodfellas-style, with several extended pieces--the pool party at Jack's House where Eddie/Dirk gets introduced to the whole crew; the New Year's Eve party celebrating the start of the '80's; the fake drug deal gone bad at a Rahad's house--serving to turn the narrative in new directions.  This last set piece--when Dirk, Reed, and Todd head over to Rahad's house to sell him some baking soda disguised as cocaine and it quickly degenerates into a laughably misguided robbery attempt--deserves special mention, as it's easily one of the most fascinating single scenes in recent film memory.  It starts off almost surreal, with a skinny Chinese guy walking around randomly lighting firecrackers and Rahad (clad only in underwear, a bathrobe and slippers) discoursing semi-coherently as he sings along to not-so-classic 80's songs on a mixtape.  From there it just gets progressively darker and tenser, with the lighting, acting, and direction all perfectly serving to ratchet up the feeling of desperation and horror as Todd kicks his ill-conceived robbery plot into motion and things spin way out of control.  Molina's over-the-top performance, more than anything else, makes the scene, as he turns Rahad into a manic ball of drug-fuelled energy and, later, a shotgun-toting avenging angel determined to take his revenge.  I wouldn't say Molina turns in the best performance I've ever seen in a movie, but it it probably the best performance I've seen from someone who only got one scene in the whole movie.The '80's are, of course, the hangover from the joys of the previous decade, as the emergence of video downgrades the quality of the product, cocaine suddenly becomes addictive, and Dirk starts to become too big for his britches in more ways than one.  Fittingly, as the disco era gives way to tougher times in the eighties, the movie takes a darker turn, becoming grittier, more downcast and a lot more violent, but no less compelling.  All the unbridled energy and creativity of the first half is still present, just in a decidedly less sunny form.  Even when people are getting beaten up and shot left and right, the movie's pedal-to-the-metal pacing makes it all but impossible to look away.  Well, except maybe for the notorious money shot at the end, but by then I for one didn't care.The '80's are, of course, the hangover from the joys of the previous decade, as the emergence of video downgrades the quality of the product, cocaine suddenly becomes addictive, and Dirk starts to become too big for his britches in more ways than one.  Fittingly, as the disco era gives way to tougher times in the eighties, the movie takes a darker turn, becoming grittier, more downcast and a lot more violent, but no less compelling.  All the unbridled energy and creativity of the first half is still present, just in a decidedly less sunny form.  Even when people are getting beaten up and shot left and right, the movie's pedal-to-the-metal pacing makes it all but impossible to look away.  Well, except maybe for the notorious money shot at the end, but by then I for one didn't care.The '80's are, of course, the hangover from the joys of the previous decade, as the emergence of video downgrades the quality of the product, cocaine suddenly becomes addictive, and Dirk starts to become too big for his britches in more ways than one.  Fittingly, as the disco era gives way to tougher times in the eighties, the movie takes a darker turn, becoming grittier, more downcast and a lot more violent, but no less compelling.  All the unbridled energy and creativity of the first half is still present, just in a decidedly less sunny form.  Even when people are getting beaten up and shot left and right, the movie's pedal-to-the-metal pacing makes it all but impossible to look away.  Well, except maybe for the notorious money shot at the end, but by then I for one didn't care.The '80's are, of course, the hangover from the joys of the previous decade, as the emergence of video downgrades the quality of the product, cocaine suddenly becomes addictive, and Dirk starts to become too big for his britches in more ways than one.  Fittingly, as the disco era gives way to tougher times in the eighties, the movie takes a darker turn, becoming grittier, more downcast and a lot more violent, but no less compelling.  All the unbridled energy and creativity of the first half is still present, just in a decidedly less sunny form.  Even when people are getting beaten up and shot left and right, the movie's pedal-to-the-metal pacing makes it all but impossible to look away.  Well, except maybe for the notorious money shot at the end, but by then I for one didn't care.The '80's are, of course, the hangover from the joys of the previous decade, as the emergence of video downgrades the quality of the product, cocaine suddenly becomes addictive, and Dirk starts to become too big for his britches in more ways than one.  Fittingly, as the disco era gives way to tougher times in the eighties, the movie takes a darker turn, becoming grittier, more downcast and a lot more violent, but no less compelling.  All the unbridled energy and creativity of the first half is still present, just in a decidedly less sunny form.  Even when people are getting beaten up and shot left and right, the movie's pedal-to-the-metal pacing makes it all but impossible to look away.  Well, except maybe for the notorious money shot at the end, but by then I for one didn't care.The '80's are, of course, the hangover from the joys of the previous decade, as the emergence of video downgrades the quality of the product, cocaine suddenly becomes addictive, and Dirk starts to become too big for his britches in more ways than one.  Fittingly, as the disco era gives way to tougher times in the eighties, the movie takes a darker turn, becoming grittier, more downcast and a lot more violent, but no less compelling.  All the unbridled energy and creativity of the first half is still present, just in a decidedly less sunny form.  Even when people are getting beaten up and shot left and right, the movie's pedal-to-the-metal pacing makes it all but impossible to look away.  Well, except maybe for the notorious money shot at the end, but by then I for one didn't care.
 It is said that suffering develops character. Surely, when photographer Zana Briski went on a photography pilgrimage to the red light district in Sonagchi, Calcutta, in India, she discovered more character, and in smaller shape and size, then she might have imagined. Peering through a lens into the darkest shadows of life - into the world of prostitution - to capture the images the world wishes not to see, not, at least, from this angle of truth, she saw between the life-battered women... their children.  It is said that suffering develops character. Surely, when photographer Zana Briski went on a photography pilgrimage to the red light district in Sonagchi, Calcutta, in India, she discovered more character, and in smaller shape and size, then she might have imagined. Peering through a lens into the darkest shadows of life - into the world of prostitution - to capture the images the world wishes not to see, not, at least, from this angle of truth, she saw between the life-battered women... their children.  When we think of brothels, however we might think of them, how many think of children? Whether we think of these places and their inhabitants as figures of perversity, embodiments of lust, or the tragic painted clowns of the joke that is humanity, it is probably more true than not that these women are rarely seen as, well, women. They are perhaps at best merely meat, merely body parts, to be used and abused and then tossed aside. What Zana Briski's photo lens reveals is that these are indeed women, human beings, and, for better or for worse, also mothers, daughters, wives, sisters. We see in this montage of photos and film combined, women who are deformed by the ugliness inside. They are broken, they are stunningly and fiercely angry at the world that has so betrayed them, yet they also have their moments of hope and tenderness.When we think of brothels, however we might think of them, how many think of children? Whether we think of these places and their inhabitants as figures of perversity, embodiments of lust, or the tragic painted clowns of the joke that is humanity, it is probably more true than not that these women are rarely seen as, well, women. They are perhaps at best merely meat, merely body parts, to be used and abused and then tossed aside. What Zana Briski's photo lens reveals is that these are indeed women, human beings, and, for better or for worse, also mothers, daughters, wives, sisters. We see in this montage of photos and film combined, women who are deformed by the ugliness inside. They are broken, they are stunningly and fiercely angry at the world that has so betrayed them, yet they also have their moments of hope and tenderness.All of this, and more, falls upon the heads of their children. Weaving between these women are their little ones, boys and girls who grow up around the perversities of lust and abuse. What might such children be like? This is the sharp focus of Briski's lens. All of this, and more, falls upon the heads of their children. Weaving between these women are their little ones, boys and girls who grow up around the perversities of lust and abuse. What might such children be like? This is the sharp focus of Briski's lens. Perhaps we need to look at ugliness to see beauty in contrast. The faces and spirits of these children contain both. They have in them the despair of those forgotten and betrayed by the world. Society all around them refuses them a place outside the red light district. They are already banned from normalcy. They have been witness to humans at their worst, and no one outside wishes to bear the weight of such witness. Yet they will not be silenced, and if we do not wish to hear them speak, then Briski has given them cameras to let them capture their worlds, inside and out, and bring these images to us. Perhaps we need to look at ugliness to see beauty in contrast. The faces and spirits of these children contain both. They have in them the despair of those forgotten and betrayed by the world. Society all around them refuses them a place outside the red light district. They are already banned from normalcy. They have been witness to humans at their worst, and no one outside wishes to bear the weight of such witness. Yet they will not be silenced, and if we do not wish to hear them speak, then Briski has given them cameras to let them capture their worlds, inside and out, and bring these images to us. What these children capture on film is nothing less than breathtaking. They miss nothing. Their intense talent and power of seeing discovered, this film also shows us how Briski works to bring this artistic discovery to the world, meanwhile also fighting to give these children a chance, slim as it is, to a life of normalcy. Key to this is education, yet as she soon learns, no school in Calcutta wishes to enroll children born into brothels. At last and with determined persistence, she does find one, and a portal into life beyond opens for some of the children. Their photos, too, are put on exhibit, available also now in book format. What these children capture on film is nothing less than breathtaking. They miss nothing. Their intense talent and power of seeing discovered, this film also shows us how Briski works to bring this artistic discovery to the world, meanwhile also fighting to give these children a chance, slim as it is, to a life of normalcy. Key to this is education, yet as she soon learns, no school in Calcutta wishes to enroll children born into brothels. At last and with determined persistence, she does find one, and a portal into life beyond opens for some of the children. Their photos, too, are put on exhibit, available also now in book format. Some are saved, some are pulled back into the dark. The individual stories of these tiny photographers are stories that must be witnessed, heard and seen, so that they know: everyone matters. Even in the darkest shadows, we refuse to be blind to them any longer
 This is a wonderful story showing the Universe can have Aliens that are not horrors monsters or disasters for humans and humanity.  Kids or Adults can see a picture of Aliens, not the usual us in a strange colored costume but folks we cannot see or even recognize as folks.  Strangers with a problem seek help and after receiving help, return the favor.Aliens that flash thru the night abducting people, and destroying property are enemies.  Aliens that come in the night, make contact with local people, seeking understanding and trade, are far more likely representatives of extra solar beings
 You will be laughing one minute, crying the next, then holding your breath to see what will happen next.  It's a great all around movie, good for the whole family
 This collection of the first four Road pictures is well worth having.  The picture quality is excellent and all four films are loaded on one double-sided disc.  But where are the remaining three Road pictures?  This would have made the ultimate Road collection.  Disappointing
 I love sub movies.  This one is one of my favorites.  Good story and good action
 most of this season is about Topanga and Cory breaking up and getting together. I think the second season is the best though.
 Just behind WINGS OF DESIRE is Federico's masterpiece.A true ICON.  8 1/2 not only resounds with my Italian Catholic upbringing as it displays in obvious detail the time-wasting progression of guilt and shame;  it commands me to againpossess the mantra quoted from WALL STREET:  "To be rich enoughnot to waste time". 
 Any movie that begins with a Civil War ironclad going down a river with guns blazing is going to appeal to me (although my wife thought I have started playing the wrong movie). Then again, it was really upsetting at the film's climax to see the C.S.S. Texas getting shot up. Yes, I know it is just a film, but the thought of finding such a Civil War artifact intact only to have it immediately start getting shot up momentarily took me back to the real world, which is a mistake because realism is not the name of the game here. Any movie that begins with a Civil War ironclad going down a river with guns blazing is going to appeal to me (although my wife thought I have started playing the wrong movie). Then again, it was really upsetting at the film's climax to see the C.S.S. Texas getting shot up. Yes, I know it is just a film, but the thought of finding such a Civil War artifact intact only to have it immediately start getting shot up momentarily took me back to the real world, which is a mistake because realism is not the name of the game here. "Sahara" begins at the end of the Civil War, as the Confederate ironclad Texas escapes from a burning Richmond carrying the gold supply of the Confederacy. It disappears into history, where the lost ship becomes the latest obsession of Dirk Pitt (Matthew McConaughey), who believes the Texas crossed the Atlantic and ended up somewhere in Africa (do not ask "how," because an explanation is not forthcoming and you know from the title of the film that Dirk is right on this score). Dirk is partnered with Al Giordino (Steve Zahn), and if you pay attention to the title sequence you get a visual tour of their career resumes. Technically the boys work for Admiral (Ret.) Jim Sandecker (William H. Macy), who has a hard time reining them in once Dirk finds another clue about the Texas. "Sahara" begins at the end of the Civil War, as the Confederate ironclad Texas escapes from a burning Richmond carrying the gold supply of the Confederacy. It disappears into history, where the lost ship becomes the latest obsession of Dirk Pitt (Matthew McConaughey), who believes the Texas crossed the Atlantic and ended up somewhere in Africa (do not ask "how," because an explanation is not forthcoming and you know from the title of the film that Dirk is right on this score). Dirk is partnered with Al Giordino (Steve Zahn), and if you pay attention to the title sequence you get a visual tour of their career resumes. Technically the boys work for Admiral (Ret.) Jim Sandecker (William H. Macy), who has a hard time reining them in once Dirk finds another clue about the Texas. Meanwhile, Dr. Eva Rojas (Penelope Cruz) of the World Health Organization has arrived in Africa with a team to find the source of a dangerous plague that has been spreading across the region. However, there is another problem in that Rojas is getting too close to the truth, which puts here in danger from the local dictator, General Kazim (Lennie James), and his partner, smarmy French rich guy, Yves Massarde (Lambert Wilson). Dirk becomes involved in this because he is making a habit of rescuing Eva, and because he is looking for the legendary ironclad in the same part of the continent. Al is along for the ride, as if Rudi Gunn (Rainn Wilson) for part of the way. Meanwhile, Dr. Eva Rojas (Penelope Cruz) of the World Health Organization has arrived in Africa with a team to find the source of a dangerous plague that has been spreading across the region. However, there is another problem in that Rojas is getting too close to the truth, which puts here in danger from the local dictator, General Kazim (Lennie James), and his partner, smarmy French rich guy, Yves Massarde (Lambert Wilson). Dirk becomes involved in this because he is making a habit of rescuing Eva, and because he is looking for the legendary ironclad in the same part of the continent. Al is along for the ride, as if Rudi Gunn (Rainn Wilson) for part of the way. These narrative threads are used to connect the action sequences that are the main set pieces of this 2005 film from director Breck Eisner ("Thoughtcrimes"). The best of these is the speedboat one, involving the "Panama," which comes relatively early in the film. I want to ask, "Whatever happened to saving the best for last?" in a film like this, but it is not like they did that in "Raiders of the Lost Arc," so why should that happen here? Granted, "Sahara" is not as much fun as that classic film romp, but it was certainly more enjoyable than "National Treasure," probably because it is not as burdened by American history and national landmarks as that one (and McConaughey and Zahn both look buff enough to pull this stuff off in the world of movie reality). These narrative threads are used to connect the action sequences that are the main set pieces of this 2005 film from director Breck Eisner ("Thoughtcrimes"). The best of these is the speedboat one, involving the "Panama," which comes relatively early in the film. I want to ask, "Whatever happened to saving the best for last?" in a film like this, but it is not like they did that in "Raiders of the Lost Arc," so why should that happen here? Granted, "Sahara" is not as much fun as that classic film romp, but it was certainly more enjoyable than "National Treasure," probably because it is not as burdened by American history and national landmarks as that one (and McConaughey and Zahn both look buff enough to pull this stuff off in the world of movie reality). Besides, I like a film where the chemistry between the two guys is better than the chemistry between the hero and the heroine, mainly because if this film is the start of a Dirk Pitt franchise, you know Al will be back but you have to expect a different female lead in each subsequent film. I especially liked Sandecker's third demand at the end of the film and to tell the truth, knowing nothing about the original novels, I would much rather see the team in action than Dirk teaming up with somebody new in each film. For me the end result is that "Sahara" is an enjoyable action romp of the brainless variety. But if you want more, then look elsewhere
 I did not see this series when it originally aired in the late 80's.  I had seen Winds of War, however, and -- at that time, I loved it.  Now, when I purchased the DVD's, both series seem somewhat dated and the acting stilted at times to the point of being a distraction.  I particularly have trouble with accepting Robert Mitchum as a virile, intelligent, sombre, alert and perceptive, about 50-something Pug Henry.  I wish some filmmaker (Curtis would be great!) would do a REMAKE of this entire project -- making it into a 4 hour feature movie -- tightening up the script entirely (apologies to Mr. Wouk who wrote the teleplay) -- mostly keep in the historical scenes--but more realistic battle scenes especially those at sea-- and do away with some of the long, soap opera dialogue scenes.  Keep the Holocaust part intact --these were the MOST powerful Holocaust scenes I've EVER seen and I've seen most of them; but have someone like Kevin Costner be Pug Henry (or Harrison Ford).  And find a truly young, very vibrant Natalie (an actress who has a commanding yet somehow innocent presence), and a gorgeous, rather naive rebel leading man to play Byron (Briney).  We need to feel their chemistry -- otherwise, what transpires (Briney's desperate attempts to find Natalie and his son) seem over-wrought and contrives.I LOVED Polly Bergen as Rhoda -- it might be hard to find anyone better, I think.  And you'd need a new Hitler -- one who is more like the actor who played him in Winds of War
 As with vol 1, I bought this for my wife, and she is thrilled with it
 Of course the movie deserves 4 stars, however I wish I could say the same for the DVD. What does it take for DVD company to release each DVD enhanced for 16x9 TVs? Nothing! Of course the movie deserves 4 stars, however I wish I could say the same for the DVD. What does it take for DVD company to release each DVD enhanced for 16x9 TVs? Nothing! Recently I bought a SONY BRAVIA 32 INCH display and I have a collection of over 600 Dvds. I learned now about "Enhanced for 16x9 TVs" and how important it is, I did not care about it or even know about it since I own a standard TV, however all my Dvds are Region 1 and in widescreen, I never buy fullscreen Dvds. So I did an inventory on my collection and realized the following: Recently I bought a SONY BRAVIA 32 INCH display and I have a collection of over 600 Dvds. I learned now about "Enhanced for 16x9 TVs" and how important it is, I did not care about it or even know about it since I own a standard TV, however all my Dvds are Region 1 and in widescreen, I never buy fullscreen Dvds. So I did an inventory on my collection and realized the following: Out of 600+ Dvds, 42 are NOT enhanced for 16x9 TVs and they really look horrible when I played them on my PC. Anyway, according to my inventory. THE FOLLOWING MOVIES / COMPANY HAVE FAILED TO PRODUCE ANAMORPHIC OR 16X9 WIDESCREEN and I hope that these company will release them in the near future so that we can enjoy them on our TVs. THE FOLLOWING MOVIES / COMPANY HAVE FAILED TO PRODUCE ANAMORPHIC OR 16X9 WIDESCREEN and I hope that these company will release them in the near future so that we can enjoy them on our TVs. MGM: MGM: Runaway Train Graduate No Way Out Prizzi's Honor FX Shallow Grave Thief House Of Games Dead Man Walking Misery The Eye Of The Needle Overboard Overboard PARAMOUNT: PARAMOUNT: Private Parts 48 Hrs Coming To America Primal Fear The Ghost And The Darkness Breakdown Breakdown UNIVERSAL: UNIVERSAL: Day Of The Jackal Psycho (AVAILABLE IN THE RECENT HITCHCOCK'S BOXSET AS ANAMORPHIC) Vertigo (AVAILABLE IN THE RECENT HITCHCOCK'S BOXSET AS ANAMORPHIC) The Game The Game FOX: FOX: Abyss (I WAS SHOCKED TO LEARN THAT MY 2-DISC IS NOT ANAMORPHIC, NOR IS THE LATEST DIGIPACK EDITION) Raising Arizona The Edge Great Expectations Rising Sun The Ref Romancing The Stone The Jewel Of The Nile The Jewel Of The Nile ARTISAN: ARTISAN: House Of The Spirits The Last Seduction The Last Emperor The Eagle Has Landed Bound Bound PS: PLEASE ARTISAN, INSTEAD OF RELEASING 'BASIC INSTINCT' FOR THE 4TH TIME, WHICH MOST HAVE ALMOST THE SAME SPECIFICATIONS, CONSIDER RELEASING SOME MORE INTERESTING MOVIES WITH PROPER ATTENTION SUCH AS THOSE MENTIONED ABOVE. PS: PLEASE ARTISAN, INSTEAD OF RELEASING 'BASIC INSTINCT' FOR THE 4TH TIME, WHICH MOST HAVE ALMOST THE SAME SPECIFICATIONS, CONSIDER RELEASING SOME MORE INTERESTING MOVIES WITH PROPER ATTENTION SUCH AS THOSE MENTIONED ABOVE. TOUCHSTONE / WALT DISNEY: TOUCHSTONE / WALT DISNEY: Ransom What About Bob? What About Bob? PS: IT IS A GREAT NEWS THAT TOUCHSTONE ARE RELEASING 'ENEMY OF THE STATE', CRIMSON TIDE' AND 'CON AIR' IN EXTENDED UNRATED EDITIONS ON MAY 16. I WISH THOUGH THEY DID THE SAME WITH 'RANSOM' PS: IT IS A GREAT NEWS THAT TOUCHSTONE ARE RELEASING 'ENEMY OF THE STATE', CRIMSON TIDE' AND 'CON AIR' IN EXTENDED UNRATED EDITIONS ON MAY 16. I WISH THOUGH THEY DID THE SAME WITH 'RANSOM' WARNER: WARNER: 91/2 Weeks Presumed Innocent Presumed Innocent NOTE THAT WARNER STUDIO IS RELEASING ONE OF THE BEST 2-DISC SPECIAL EDITION SUCH AS 'SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION', 'HEAT', 'MALCOLM X', 'DOG DAY AFTERNOON', 'ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN' AND MANY MANY MORE. NOTE THAT WARNER STUDIO IS RELEASING ONE OF THE BEST 2-DISC SPECIAL EDITION SUCH AS 'SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION', 'HEAT', 'MALCOLM X', 'DOG DAY AFTERNOON', 'ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN' AND MANY MANY MORE. NOTE THAT WARNER STUDIO IS RELEASING ONE OF THE BEST 2-DISC SPECIAL EDITION SUCH AS 'SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION', 'HEAT', 'MALCOLM X', 'DOG DAY AFTERNOON', 'ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN' AND MANY MANY MORE. The reason why they don't release every DVD in widescreen enhanced for 16x9 is beyond me since soon Widescreen Tvs will replace standard ones. The reason why they don't release every DVD in widescreen enhanced for 16x9 is beyond me since soon Widescreen Tvs will replace standard ones. IT IS A RELIEF THAT AMAZON IS NOW STATING WHETHER THE DVD IS ANAMORPHIC OR LETTERBOXED.
 This wonderful TV special from the 70's is timeless and has great music by Harry Nihlssen (not sure of that spelling).  The lesson is all about tolerance with lots of side issues of great value.  I am thrilled to own this DVD.  It brought back all kinds of memories for me - both the story AND especially the music. It is a perfect addition to my collection of movies for my grandchildren
 Though based on a true incident that took place in 1914, in the midst of a WWI battle among the Scots, the French and the Germans, Christian Carrion's film "Joyeux Noel" nonetheless has a dreamlike, other-worldly quality that says more about the state of our current international affairs than it does about Carrion's telling of this sad, sentimental tale. Can you imagine a contemporary world in which countries at war with each other would stop the warring long enough to drink champagne, slug vodka, play cards and toast Christ's birth? Unfortunately the Bureaucrats and Politicians react to this spur-of-the-moment camaraderie among the different factions as they usually do: they condemn the participants and accuse them of treason.All of the actors do a fine job of creating characters who genuinely feel like they are fighting for ideals and ideas that will have a lasting effect on their lives and that of their children. They are committed. They are also of course, innocent.The ethereal Diane Kruger plays a classical singer, a Swede and therefore neutral but married to a German soldier who, through some personal machinations as well as a pass from Kaiser Wilhelm finds herself on the battlefield on that special night of 12/24/1914. She sings Gounod's "Ave Maria" to a rapt audience of soldiers attending Christmas Eve Mass. It is the moral and emotional center of the film as well as its highpoint."Joyeux Noel" is a nice reminder of a gentler time: a time when it was the moral and social imperative to always love your country, to always trust your leaders and to always cleave to your family. Unfortunately that time is long gone.
 The documentary, "Guerrilla--The Taking of Patty Hearst" is a good, solid look at the bizarre story behind the Symbionese Liberation Army (the SLA)--how the SLA formed, what actions/crimes they committed, and how the group was finally apprehended. The film examines the political climate in 1970s America, and how disillusionment with government led to the formation of the revolutionary SLA. Political rhetoric aside, the SLA careened through California on a crime spree that involved the murder of two people and even descended into the pettiness of shoplifting a pair of socks. But more than just an investigation into the events surrounding the SLA, filmmaker Michael Stone raises some interesting philosophical questions about crime and punishment. The documentary, "Guerrilla--The Taking of Patty Hearst" is a good, solid look at the bizarre story behind the Symbionese Liberation Army (the SLA)--how the SLA formed, what actions/crimes they committed, and how the group was finally apprehended. The film examines the political climate in 1970s America, and how disillusionment with government led to the formation of the revolutionary SLA. Political rhetoric aside, the SLA careened through California on a crime spree that involved the murder of two people and even descended into the pettiness of shoplifting a pair of socks. But more than just an investigation into the events surrounding the SLA, filmmaker Michael Stone raises some interesting philosophical questions about crime and punishment. Using interviews with surviving SLA members Russ Little and Michael Bortin--as well as archival news footage of the times, the documentary examines how the SLA--led by escaped criminal DeFreeze Cinque--zoomed into the headlines after the 1974 kidnapping of Patty Hearst, daughter of William Randolph Hearst. Several members of the SLA were Berkeley students--including Emily Harris--who worked in the UC Berkeley's registrar's office. With Patty Hearst as a hostage, the SLA began making demands for food distribution for poor communities, but lest one imagines that the SLA members were driven by egalitarian motives, it must be remembered that the SLA financed their lifestyle by robbing banks. During the robbing of a bank in Carmichael, customer Myna Opsahl was shot in the stomach by a shotgun blast and left there to die.Using interviews with surviving SLA members Russ Little and Michael Bortin--as well as archival news footage of the times, the documentary examines how the SLA--led by escaped criminal DeFreeze Cinque--zoomed into the headlines after the 1974 kidnapping of Patty Hearst, daughter of William Randolph Hearst. Several members of the SLA were Berkeley students--including Emily Harris--who worked in the UC Berkeley's registrar's office. With Patty Hearst as a hostage, the SLA began making demands for food distribution for poor communities, but lest one imagines that the SLA members were driven by egalitarian motives, it must be remembered that the SLA financed their lifestyle by robbing banks. During the robbing of a bank in Carmichael, customer Myna Opsahl was shot in the stomach by a shotgun blast and left there to die.No doubt the most shocking aspect in the history of the SLA was Patty Hearst's transformation from kidnap victim to the gun-toting 'Tania' (renamed for an old girlfriend of Che Guevara) who participated in several bank robberies. The documentary includes televised pleas from Hearst's parents for Patty's safety, audiotapes from Patty announcing that she's joined the group, as well as clips of Patty's former fiance, Stephen Weed. Tim Findley--a SF Chronicle reporter who covered this bizarre case--also appears adding his insightful comments. The kidnapping of Patty Hearst and her subsequent brainwashing/conversion to the SLA remains disturbing, and certainly raises many philosophical questions. Was she just an innocent kidnapping victim, or was she young and impressionable enough to be influenced by the SLA's theories on class war? Did the fact that the Hearst family is rich and powerful have any bearing on their daughter's Presidential pardon? Well watch the documentary and decide for yourself. No doubt the most shocking aspect in the history of the SLA was Patty Hearst's transformation from kidnap victim to the gun-toting 'Tania' (renamed for an old girlfriend of Che Guevara) who participated in several bank robberies. The documentary includes televised pleas from Hearst's parents for Patty's safety, audiotapes from Patty announcing that she's joined the group, as well as clips of Patty's former fiance, Stephen Weed. Tim Findley--a SF Chronicle reporter who covered this bizarre case--also appears adding his insightful comments. The kidnapping of Patty Hearst and her subsequent brainwashing/conversion to the SLA remains disturbing, and certainly raises many philosophical questions. Was she just an innocent kidnapping victim, or was she young and impressionable enough to be influenced by the SLA's theories on class war? Did the fact that the Hearst family is rich and powerful have any bearing on their daughter's Presidential pardon? Well watch the documentary and decide for yourself. There's so much to be learned from watching a documentary that explores in depth an old news item that still remains locked in the archives of one's memory. DVD extras include comments by the director Michael Stone, the audiotapes by Patty Hearst, footage of the Hibernia bank robbery, and segments of court hearings between SLA members and the son of murder victim Myna Opsahl. These speeches from the former SLA members--as they try to explain and justify the murder of Opsahl--serve as a reminder of the irrevocable damage caused by taking a life--displacedhuma
 Certainly one of the great classics of alltime and proof positive that they don't make movies like this anymore! From the instant when the dazzling 3-D artdeco credits appear, we're onboard for the ride of our lives, actually the lives of hero Cary Grant (1904-86) and Eva Marie Saint. The plot of this 100 percent attention-keeper thickens as its characters sicken. Notable in the glorious cast are the handsomely ignoble James Mason (remember him? 1909-84) and ever-dapper Leo G. Carroll (who later played the ghost in the TV series Topper). Superbly angled cinema shots feature lush hotel interiors - the elegant UN - an aerial shot of ant-tiny Cary Grant in existential torment against desolate grasslands - and closeups of Mount Rushmore, which Hitchcock had dreamt of shooting, here becoming a backdrop of life-and-death drama. Of the 50-some films of Sir Hitchcock (1899-1980) I'd rate this in the top three, with Psycho and Rebecca rounding out the bases.
 As I have found with most Baby Einstein movies, this one engages my very active 10-month-old baby enough for her to sit for a period of time to enjoy. While I know that watching tv too much is unhealthy, she will not even give regular television a second gland (which I'm glad about). However, there are times when I need her to be more calm like when I change a diaper, try feeding new foods, and right before and after naps. These movies have been lifesavers to me. As I have found with most Baby Einstein movies, this one engages my very active 10-month-old baby enough for her to sit for a period of time to enjoy. While I know that watching tv too much is unhealthy, she will not even give regular television a second gland (which I'm glad about). However, there are times when I need her to be more calm like when I change a diaper, try feeding new foods, and right before and after naps. These movies have been lifesavers to me. This one in particular is nice because it is introducing the body by identifying the same parts on babies and animals. I love to give her a bath and do the "head and shoulders, knees and toes" song with her and point to the different parts. She also loves to stand in front of a mirror and we'll point out our eyes, mouths, etc. This movie is a great introduction for babies and toddlers to understand their body parts.
 From the Sociobiological aspect the movie conveys brilliantly how the husband that doesn't has access to its genetic children will resort to extreme violence. It also shows how parents are excited about courtship abilities of their young son (since a "Don-Juan" son can pass a lot of their genes with various women in his lifetime) . Eventually it shows how the aging parents cannot bare the pain from losing their only son, the only way by which they can pass their genes, so they resort to extreme violence, even if the  violence is somewhat spiteful: "If my son cannot pass my genes, your son who killed my son for a good genetic reason wouldn't be able to either" - that's the subconscious motivation for murder "conveyed" by the genes
 The chemistry of all of the cast members is perfect. Great ghetto storylines that are still relevant 30 years later. The chemistry of all of the cast members is perfect. Great ghetto storylines that are still relevant 30 years later. Top episodes:James Buys a GunJJ's engagement with Debbie Allen
 Plot of this one is not guide as stand out as the first rush hourm is a been more complex and sometime non sense, but it turn out funny because of that, comedy scene here won't be as class as the first, but they did add alot hk style in here one which first one is lacking,  great cast in this set,  however still lacking at some element of worthy 5 star, so i hoped the third one will be best in the series
 The film's title "Paragraph 175" refers to the passage in German law forbidding homosexuality. Paragraph 175 was first introduced into law in 1871, and as a result, homosexuals were subject to criminal prosecution and blackmail. Dr. Magnus Hirschfeld, a German Jewish doctor, and a pioneer in the study of Human Sexuality, formed the Scientific-Humanitarian Committee with the goal of repealing Paragraph 175. In Weimar Germany of the 1920s, an enhanced feeling of social and sexual freedom augured well for homosexuals, and Berlin became a "homosexual Eden." But once the Nazis took power, they enforced anti-gays laws with a vengeance. According to historian Klaus Muller, in Nazi Germany 100,000 men were arrested for homosexuality, and approximately 10,000-15,000 were sent to concentration camps. Of that number, less than 10 remained alive at the time the film was made. The film, gently and non-intrusively narrated by Rupert Everett, is built around interviews with a handful of homosexuals who survived the concentration camps. The film's title "Paragraph 175" refers to the passage in German law forbidding homosexuality. Paragraph 175 was first introduced into law in 1871, and as a result, homosexuals were subject to criminal prosecution and blackmail. Dr. Magnus Hirschfeld, a German Jewish doctor, and a pioneer in the study of Human Sexuality, formed the Scientific-Humanitarian Committee with the goal of repealing Paragraph 175. In Weimar Germany of the 1920s, an enhanced feeling of social and sexual freedom augured well for homosexuals, and Berlin became a "homosexual Eden." But once the Nazis took power, they enforced anti-gays laws with a vengeance. According to historian Klaus Muller, in Nazi Germany 100,000 men were arrested for homosexuality, and approximately 10,000-15,000 were sent to concentration camps. Of that number, less than 10 remained alive at the time the film was made. The film, gently and non-intrusively narrated by Rupert Everett, is built around interviews with a handful of homosexuals who survived the concentration camps. Once the Nazis took power, they moved swiftly and systematically against the homosexual community. Survivors detail how they clung to vain hope--one man, for example believed that with known homosexual, Ernst Rohm controlling the Sturmabteilung (SA) other homosexuals would be safe. Another survivor noted the homosexual clubs remained open after the Nazis came to power, and he took this as a positive sign before he realized that "they let us keep our meeting places, so we could be snatched up." Once the Nazis took power, they moved swiftly and systematically against the homosexual community. Survivors detail how they clung to vain hope--one man, for example believed that with known homosexual, Ernst Rohm controlling the Sturmabteilung (SA) other homosexuals would be safe. Another survivor noted the homosexual clubs remained open after the Nazis came to power, and he took this as a positive sign before he realized that "they let us keep our meeting places, so we could be snatched up." The survivors tell their painful stories. One man looks through a photo album in which most of the photos have now been removed; another looks at a photo of a large family gathering and is able to pick out the faces of the two relatives who survived. One remembers the screams of those hung from poles. One man spent years in Buchenwald--only to be snatched up and thrown in Dachau. While most of the survivors are unable or unwilling to describe their experiences in the concentration camps, the grief, the anger, and the outrage are just below the surface. The survivors tell their painful stories. One man looks through a photo album in which most of the photos have now been removed; another looks at a photo of a large family gathering and is able to pick out the faces of the two relatives who survived. One remembers the screams of those hung from poles. One man spent years in Buchenwald--only to be snatched up and thrown in Dachau. While most of the survivors are unable or unwilling to describe their experiences in the concentration camps, the grief, the anger, and the outrage are just below the surface. "Paragraph 175" is an important, gripping, powerful film--those incarcerated, tortured and murdered for their sexual orientation should not be forgotten. The anti-homosexual movement began as a loss of Civil Rights and devolved into one of the most shameful episodes in history. To quote one of the survivors, "I am ashamed for humanity"--displacedhuma
    Ah, Chris Benoit, one of my all-time favorites, which is why I was thrilled when I bought this DVD almost 2 years ago. Personally, I think the documentary is good and somewhat in-depth, I just would've liked it to be longer. But it starts with Benoit's early years growing up in Canada, then to Japan, then ECW, WCW and finally WWE.    Ah, Chris Benoit, one of my all-time favorites, which is why I was thrilled when I bought this DVD almost 2 years ago. Personally, I think the documentary is good and somewhat in-depth, I just would've liked it to be longer. But it starts with Benoit's early years growing up in Canada, then to Japan, then ECW, WCW and finally WWE.    Benoit's comments make this doc. pretty good, despite the short running time (about 75 mins.), but the matches are where this DVD really shines.       There are 15 matches in total and footage from WCW, ECW and Japan against opponents like Jushin Thunder Liger, Black Tiger (Eddie Guerrero) and Great Sasuke, which was footage I loved seeing as it was quite rare.   There are 15 matches in total and footage from WCW, ECW and Japan against opponents like Jushin Thunder Liger, Black Tiger (Eddie Guerrero) and Great Sasuke, which was footage I loved seeing as it was quite rare.   This is a great DVD purchase don't get me wrong, my only problem is as I said the documentary, it's very good, I love watching it, I just wanted it to be longer.  
 This DVD provides Benoit's life story, which I found very interesting. I believe they could have chosen a slightly better match selection, but it was still pretty great.This DVD provides Benoit's life story, which I found very interesting. I believe they could have chosen a slightly better match selection, but it was still pretty great.Pegasus Kid VS Jushin "Thunder" Liger- This is the type of wrestling I love. Plenty of chain wrestling, huge Japanese crowd meaning a very quiet yet applaud filled match. This match is where Chris Benoit became a huge star in Japan. Benoit puts on a great match with a Japanese legend. 8.5/10Pegasus Kid VS Jushin "Thunder" Liger- This is the type of wrestling I love. Plenty of chain wrestling, huge Japanese crowd meaning a very quiet yet applaud filled match. This match is where Chris Benoit became a huge star in Japan. Benoit puts on a great match with a Japanese legend. 8.5/10Wild Pegasus VS The Great Sasuke- This was another match with plenty of chains, and some pretty cool high flying stuff by both guys, but mainly Sasuke. Like the Liger match, this was a fast-paced and solid 20 minute match. 8.5/10Wild Pegasus VS The Great Sasuke- This was another match with plenty of chains, and some pretty cool high flying stuff by both guys, but mainly Sasuke. Like the Liger match, this was a fast-paced and solid 20 minute match. 8.5/10Wild Pegasus VS Black Tiger[Eddie Guerrero]- These two have had some far better matches, and this is one of those that I wished would have been replaced by something a little better. Still a solid match. 7/10Wild Pegasus VS Black Tiger[Eddie Guerrero]- These two have had some far better matches, and this is one of those that I wished would have been replaced by something a little better. Still a solid match. 7/10Chris Benoit VS Too Cold Scorpio[ECW]- These two have some nice chemistry together. Another 20 minute match ending just before the bell. 8/10Chris Benoit VS Too Cold Scorpio[ECW]- These two have some nice chemistry together. Another 20 minute match ending just before the bell. 8/10Chris Benoit VS Al Snow[ECW]- Many consider this to be a great match, but I just couldn't get into it. Slow-paced match until towards end. 6.5/10Chris Benoit VS Al Snow[ECW]- Many consider this to be a great match, but I just couldn't get into it. Slow-paced match until towards end. 6.5/10Chris Benoit VS Kevin Sullivan[WCW Nitro]- This was an all out brawl, going all over the arena, including the bathrooms. Very impressive finish. 8/10Chris Benoit VS Kevin Sullivan[WCW Nitro]- This was an all out brawl, going all over the arena, including the bathrooms. Very impressive finish. 8/10Chris Benoit VS Eddie Guerrero[WCW Nitro]- A very solid match with these two. Great chemistry together, Eddie and benoit show abilitiese we have not seen for awhile. 7.5/10Chris Benoit VS Eddie Guerrero[WCW Nitro]- A very solid match with these two. Great chemistry together, Eddie and benoit show abilitiese we have not seen for awhile. 7.5/10Chris Benoit VS Bret Hart[WCW Owen Hart Tribute Match]- This was a phenominal match. Bret is a true great, as is Benoit. You just don't see this sort of stuff nowadays. 9.5/10Chris Benoit VS Bret Hart[WCW Owen Hart Tribute Match]- This was a phenominal match. Bret is a true great, as is Benoit. You just don't see this sort of stuff nowadays. 9.5/10Chris Benoit VS William Regal[Brian Pillman Tribute Show]-Weird lighting for this match, and not very active crowd. Besides that, Benoit and Regal put on a classic. 8/10Chris Benoit VS William Regal[Brian Pillman Tribute Show]-Weird lighting for this match, and not very active crowd. Besides that, Benoit and Regal put on a classic. 8/10Chris Benoit VS Kurt Angle[RAW Steel Cage Match]-This match was amazing. Benoit and Angle are the finest chain wrestler in WWE today, and they put on a classic steel cage match. Stone Cold Steve Austin does guest commentary. 9/10Chris Benoit VS Kurt Angle[RAW Steel Cage Match]-This match was amazing. Benoit and Angle are the finest chain wrestler in WWE today, and they put on a classic steel cage match. Stone Cold Steve Austin does guest commentary. 9/10Chris Benoit VS Kurt Angle[Royal Rumble 2003 WWE Title Match]- Benoit and Angle put on another classic in the main-event of the Royal Rumble. Just a truly fantasic match with plenty of false finished, submissions and high-impact moves. 10/10Chris Benoit VS Kurt Angle[Royal Rumble 2003 WWE Title Match]- Benoit and Angle put on another classic in the main-event of the Royal Rumble. Just a truly fantasic match with plenty of false finished, submissions and high-impact moves. 10/10Chris Benoit VS Shawn Michaels VS Triple H[Wrestlemania XX World Title Match]- This is my all time favorite match. The main-event for Wrestlemania XX is often called the best Wrestlemania main-event ever, and it isn't surprising. A long, bloody match with pedigrees, sweet chin musics, sharpshooters, crossfaces, diving headbutts, and breaking tables. 10/10Chris Benoit VS Shawn Michaels VS Triple H[Wrestlemania XX World Title Match]- This is my all time favorite match. The main-event for Wrestlemania XX is often called the best Wrestlemania main-event ever, and it isn't surprising. A long, bloody match with pedigrees, sweet chin musics, sharpshooters, crossfaces, diving headbutts, and breaking tables. 10/10This is a must-have for anyone who enjoys watching a good match. Benoit is one of the best performers in the business, and this is his story. I reccomend to all
 This is a must-have for anyone who enjoys watching a good match. Benoit is one of the best performers in the business, and this is his story. I reccomend to allI'll admit to you that I love to watch Adult Swim, and I'll also admit that I like certain types of anime. No, I'm not one of those nerdy card-trading Poke'mon lovers, I'm a young adult who likes to use my imagination in my down time. I like anime that's made for adults like: Big O!, Cowboy Bebop, Trigun, Outlaw Star, Tenchi and Ghost in the shell. I'll admit to you that I love to watch Adult Swim, and I'll also admit that I like certain types of anime. No, I'm not one of those nerdy card-trading Poke'mon lovers, I'm a young adult who likes to use my imagination in my down time. I like anime that's made for adults like: Big O!, Cowboy Bebop, Trigun, Outlaw Star, Tenchi and Ghost in the shell. I was watching either watching Family Guy or Aqua Teen Hunger Force when I saw previews for this show start to air on Adult Swim, I thought thought it looked cool, it featured what looked to me like a cool futuristic take on robots and the humans that are seamlessly integrated with cybornetics to make them almost immortal, But I didn't know the half of it. I was watching either watching Family Guy or Aqua Teen Hunger Force when I saw previews for this show start to air on Adult Swim, I thought thought it looked cool, it featured what looked to me like a cool futuristic take on robots and the humans that are seamlessly integrated with cybornetics to make them almost immortal, But I didn't know the half of it. What I got was a cyber-punk version of the old black-and-white film noir mysteries. The series receives its subtitle from a theoretical mental complex attributed to the adaptation of cybernetics into the mass public. In the story, 'stand alone complex' is said to describe copies with no original and is portrayed by copycat crimes with no original criminal, or in other words, an imaginary criminal. It also refers to the structure of each episode: Each episode can be viewed independently of each other, and there is little catch-up (if at all) given in each episode to keep the viewer up to date. What I got was a cyber-punk version of the old black-and-white film noir mysteries. The series receives its subtitle from a theoretical mental complex attributed to the adaptation of cybernetics into the mass public. In the story, 'stand alone complex' is said to describe copies with no original and is portrayed by copycat crimes with no original criminal, or in other words, an imaginary criminal. It also refers to the structure of each episode: Each episode can be viewed independently of each other, and there is little catch-up (if at all) given in each episode to keep the viewer up to date. Taking place in a fictional city of Japan called "Niihama-shi" (New Port City) in the year 2030, Stand Alone Complex tells the story of a special operations task-force called Public Security Section 9, or simply "Section 9". The series follows the exploits of Section 9's agents who range from ex-military to ex-police as they address each case and how it affects them on a personal level, eventually leading to the mysterious figure dubbed by the media as "The Laughing Man". Taking place in a fictional city of Japan called "Niihama-shi" (New Port City) in the year 2030, Stand Alone Complex tells the story of a special operations task-force called Public Security Section 9, or simply "Section 9". The series follows the exploits of Section 9's agents who range from ex-military to ex-police as they address each case and how it affects them on a personal level, eventually leading to the mysterious figure dubbed by the media as "The Laughing Man". Public Security Section 9 is an elite domestic anti-crime unit tasked with the charge of preemptive prevention of technology-related acts of terrorism and crime. Their duties include response to serious cyber crimes (i.e. Cyberbrain hacking, cyber-terrorism), investigation of unlawful acts of those in public office and of high profile murder cases. From time-to-time they also serve as protection to foreign VIPs. Public Security Section 9 is an elite domestic anti-crime unit tasked with the charge of preemptive prevention of technology-related acts of terrorism and crime. Their duties include response to serious cyber crimes (i.e. Cyberbrain hacking, cyber-terrorism), investigation of unlawful acts of those in public office and of high profile murder cases. From time-to-time they also serve as protection to foreign VIPs. If you have seen the movie then you know that the TV series differs from the cinema adaptation in its focus upon issues created by the advance of technology. Instead of the intensely focused and personal examination of technology, presented is a look at society and technology as a larger whole. The series of 26 half-hour TV episodes has a larger budget of time to explore the concepts and ideas found in the original manga. In comparison to the film version, the series is considered by many to be easier to understand. Also, in comparison, the series can be found to be closer to the manga; due to the presence of some humor, the usage of the Tachikomas (Fuchikomas in the manga, and referred to simply as "tanks" in the one scene a derivant version makes an appearance in), the design of the characters, and also, the usage of the characters Paz, Bouma and Saito. Stand Alone Complex exhibits the accumulated experience and expertise of Production I.G. in their application of computer generated imagery. This is evident in their digital color grading, environmental effects, and cell-shaded computer models. Their work has been highly praised for its subtle contribution to a scene, which adds greatly to the atmosphere. If you have seen the movie then you know that the TV series differs from the cinema adaptation in its focus upon issues created by the advance of technology. Instead of the intensely focused and personal examination of technology, presented is a look at society and technology as a larger whole. The series of 26 half-hour TV episodes has a larger budget of time to explore the concepts and ideas found in the original manga. In comparison to the film version, the series is considered by many to be easier to understand. Also, in comparison, the series can be found to be closer to the manga; due to the presence of some humor, the usage of the Tachikomas (Fuchikomas in the manga, and referred to simply as "tanks" in the one scene a derivant version makes an appearance in), the design of the characters, and also, the usage of the characters Paz, Bouma and Saito. Stand Alone Complex exhibits the accumulated experience and expertise of Production I.G. in their application of computer generated imagery. This is evident in their digital color grading, environmental effects, and cell-shaded computer models. Their work has been highly praised for its subtle contribution to a scene, which adds greatly to the atmosphere. I think a lot of people will try to compare this to Cowboy Bebop as with so many other anime and mangas, but that's foolish. Stand Alone Complex is no better or worse than Cowboy Bebop, it's just a different story, different style, different sets of charactors and there places. I think a lot of people will try to compare this to Cowboy Bebop as with so many other anime and mangas, but that's foolish. Stand Alone Complex is no better or worse than Cowboy Bebop, it's just a different story, different style, different sets of charactors and there places. if you like anime or manga you'll definitely like this show. It's complex, has views on modern terrorism and how to deal with it, and not to mention the technology! Even if you don't watch anime just give a chance and take it for what it is.
 My wife and I saw "Love Actually" when it first came out and fell in love with the movie instantly. Yes, Richard Curtis uses every trick to pull at our heartstrings, but it works.  And the crescendos and the various climaxes of each story keeps pulling me in.My wife and I saw "Love Actually" when it first came out and fell in love with the movie instantly. Yes, Richard Curtis uses every trick to pull at our heartstrings, but it works.  And the crescendos and the various climaxes of each story keeps pulling me in.When the movie first appeared on HBO, I always seem to find it and couldn't stop watching until the end of the movie.  I bought the DVD and it's become a family tradition to watch it Christmas Eve (most years).  And it never gets old.When the movie first appeared on HBO, I always seem to find it and couldn't stop watching until the end of the movie.  I bought the DVD and it's become a family tradition to watch it Christmas Eve (most years).  And it never gets old.I am not a fan of Christmas movies.  I've never seen all of "Miracle on 34th Street" or "Its a Wonderful Life", but I'm looking forward to sitting on the sofa with my wife to watch "Love Actually" again
 a solid addition to the rockumentary genre. this captures sting as make his foray into solo work with his first solo album and a band of jazz superstars.a solid addition to the rockumentary genre. this captures sting as make his foray into solo work with his first solo album and a band of jazz superstars.looking back it is obvious that sting was meant to have a solo career (and arguably he was solo with the police). at the time of this movie, it was not so obvious and the suspense around how he will fare is interesting. the music is super, the behind the scenes look is interesting and his band of jazz luminaries adds richness
 John Ford must have felt very fortunate (although he would have never have admitted it)to have had John Wayne and Henry Fonda star in Fort Apache. John Ford must have felt very fortunate (although he would have never have admitted it)to have had John Wayne and Henry Fonda star in Fort Apache. Wayne and Fonda were by far the great director's favorite leading men - he made Wayne a star in "Stagecoach," and went on to direct him in some of the best-loved, best remembered Westerns ever, "She Wore A Yellow Ribbon," "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance," and one of the greatest movies of any genre, "The Searchers." Fonda appeared in many movies with Ford as well, including "Drums Along The Mohawk," "The Grapes of Wrath," and another immortal Western, "My Darling Clementine."Wayne and Fonda were by far the great director's favorite leading men - he made Wayne a star in "Stagecoach," and went on to direct him in some of the best-loved, best remembered Westerns ever, "She Wore A Yellow Ribbon," "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance," and one of the greatest movies of any genre, "The Searchers." Fonda appeared in many movies with Ford as well, including "Drums Along The Mohawk," "The Grapes of Wrath," and another immortal Western, "My Darling Clementine."Following a pattern that he would continue in "Liberty Valance," Ford analyzes the mythology of the West, in particular the valiant heroic cavalry officer who bravely and unavoidably leads his men to certain death, thereby obtaining immortal glory. Fonda plays an arrogant, by-the-book stiff commander who will have nothing less than a to-the-death struggle with Cochise. Wayne is his subordinate, trying desperately to avoid catasrophe.Following a pattern that he would continue in "Liberty Valance," Ford analyzes the mythology of the West, in particular the valiant heroic cavalry officer who bravely and unavoidably leads his men to certain death, thereby obtaining immortal glory. Fonda plays an arrogant, by-the-book stiff commander who will have nothing less than a to-the-death struggle with Cochise. Wayne is his subordinate, trying desperately to avoid catasrophe.This film has it all, great performances, great direction, and great cinematography. It is way past time that this great film be released on DVD, but it is well worth the wait
 This film has it all, great performances, great direction, and great cinematography. It is way past time that this great film be released on DVD, but it is well worth the waitI was very keen on the early Poseidon adventure which I liked. So I was keen to see what Wolgang Petersen, a director I do like, could do with the story.I was very keen on the early Poseidon adventure which I liked. So I was keen to see what Wolgang Petersen, a director I do like, could do with the story.It found it to being a good movie. It did keep the viewers interests as our heroes go from one episode to the next. So much so I lost track of time throughout the movie.It found it to being a good movie. It did keep the viewers interests as our heroes go from one episode to the next. So much so I lost track of time throughout the movie.Having said that this movie has to be compared to the 1972 effort. In which case, I would have to say like so many copies that its not as good as the original. The characters are not so interesting nor is the acting. The story was better explained in the first one and more believable. The special effects are approximately as good. The filming however is better as the newer technology shows.Having said that this movie has to be compared to the 1972 effort. In which case, I would have to say like so many copies that its not as good as the original. The characters are not so interesting nor is the acting. The story was better explained in the first one and more believable. The special effects are approximately as good. The filming however is better as the newer technology shows.Still it is worth looking at.Still it is worth looking at.Still it is worth looking at.
 This movie will bring up your racial prejudices in ways that most movies just elude to.  It demonstrates how connected we all are as people, and how seperated we are by only one thing - our viewpoints.  This movie will bring up your racial prejudices in ways that most movies just elude to.  It demonstrates how connected we all are as people, and how seperated we are by only one thing - our viewpoints.  The acting is superb, and you get one cameo appearance after another, which is a treat.  Of course, the soundtrack is terrific.  The ending is intense to witness, one situation after another coming to an unfortunate finish. 
 This movie has it all, especially for baby boomers of the early 1970's. Blethyn, as a betrayed widow is priceless and Nigel Ferguson as her pot smoking gardener steals the movie with his characteristic good humor and good looks. The English scenery is charming and Blethyn's loyal village friends top off the movie's touching humor and happy ending. I have given this DVD as Christmas gifts and my friends have loved it too. A MUST OWN
 This movie has it all, especially for baby boomers of the early 1970's. Blethyn, as a betrayed widow is priceless and Nigel Ferguson as her pot smoking gardener steals the movie with his characteristic good humor and good looks. The English scenery is charming and Blethyn's loyal village friends top off the movie's touching humor and happy ending. I have given this DVD as Christmas gifts and my friends have loved it too. A MUST OWNThis movie has it all, especially for baby boomers of the early 1970's. Blethyn, as a betrayed widow is priceless and Nigel Ferguson as her pot smoking gardener steals the movie with his characteristic good humor and good looks. The English scenery is charming and Blethyn's loyal village friends top off the movie's touching humor and happy ending. I have given this DVD as Christmas gifts and my friends have loved it too. A MUST OWNThis is a wonderful inside-Hollywood thriller/comedy directed by Robert Altman. Tim Robbins stars as a big shot producer who begins receiving hate mail from one of his rejected writers. He thinks he's figured out who it is (Vincent D'Onofrio), goes to meet him, and in a rage kills him. He then falls in love with D'Onofrio's weird girlfriend (Gretta Scacchi), an artist who can't ever finish anything. There is also a movie within the movie which has to do with the making of a melodrama in which an innocent woman is about to be executed - only to be rescued at the last minute by the D.A. Altman's theme has to do with  the Hollywood version of reality, which is nothing more than what will earn big bucks; it has nothing to do with "truth." A long list of Hollywood stars make cameo appearances. It's really a well-done movie, very classy and hip. Altman also satirizes Hollywood power players extremely well - it's a whole other world out there in LaLa land
 I've actually been hoping for a live CD release, but I was more than happy with this DVD. All the favorites are here (only a minor gripe with the omission of Echo and 11am, and the inclusion of Priceless, but that's just personal preference). This is all the evidence needed to show that this band has reached maturity. Drive is an unexpected change, but being the most played-out song in their lineup, the obscurity is welcome. The musical talent all around seems much improved from the previous DVDs, and each member gets to show off all their new tricks. Unlike some other bands, Incubus seems to perfectly display each musician's talents so well with each song, and this -for me- showed how it can all be put together so seamlessly. Every song is a highlight on this one - my favorites are Made for TV Movie and Sick Sad Little World.Other notes: It's the perfect place to film for a DVD; We get to see Brandon play guitar and how well Ben works as a backup singer; and I think Jose could make any rock band sound good. Recommended for any fan of Incubus, especially of their newer material
 When I first found the Broadway Lost Treasure Serier on Amazon, I nearly jumped up and down in my seat. Any Broadway clips that I can get a hold of I definitly must get. I bought Broadway Lost Treasure I and Broadway Lost Treasures II together. I must say the performances were very good, just because you can't call broadway bad. The way the performances were put together, however, was boring and gave off cheaply made vibes. Dont get me wrong the hosts were fantastic(Jerry Orbach,Angela Lansbery.etc)some of my favorite people, but I wanted I little bit more background information on the shows and things like that.When I first found the Broadway Lost Treasure Serier on Amazon, I nearly jumped up and down in my seat. Any Broadway clips that I can get a hold of I definitly must get. I bought Broadway Lost Treasure I and Broadway Lost Treasures II together. I must say the performances were very good, just because you can't call broadway bad. The way the performances were put together, however, was boring and gave off cheaply made vibes. Dont get me wrong the hosts were fantastic(Jerry Orbach,Angela Lansbery.etc)some of my favorite people, but I wanted I little bit more background information on the shows and things like that.Overall, I encourage purchasing Broadway Lost Treasures II(and the first one),if you keep an open mind. If you dont know alot about broadway, then this will bore you to tears. This is not what you should purchase if you want to learn more about broadway. If you are more interested in learning more about broadway, rather than just seeing performances, then I would buy "Broadway: The American Musical" (which can be found on Amazon).Overall, I encourage purchasing Broadway Lost Treasures II(and the first one),if you keep an open mind. If you dont know alot about broadway, then this will bore you to tears. This is not what you should purchase if you want to learn more about broadway. If you are more interested in learning more about broadway, rather than just seeing performances, then I would buy "Broadway: The American Musical" (which can be found on Amazon).
 I bought this as a dvd for home use.  I won't repeat the story as others have done so already.  I loved the story.  The plot was well put together and solid.  The acting was wonderful.  I have watched it a couple of times now and enjoy it more each time I see it. I really am enjoying the fun of this film.  I'd suggest to folks to just relax and watch a terrific and humorous film.  It is made to be light with family values of what counts in life.    Tim did an outstanding job as he always does. The chasing scenes with Tim on all fours becoming a dog; the dog behaviors as a human had me rolling. It is one of the funniest films I've seen in a long time.  As an adult I loved it and would buy it again. I'm thrilled to see Disney making such terrific and wonderful films.  It was tastefully done.  The caged scenes were carefully done.  No bad language just a wonderful film that can be enjoyed as another eventual classic among the Disney films.  And no I didn't perceive this as a film geared toward small children.  Perhaps pre-teens and up would be my guess.  To demean the film based on the expectation that tiny children would appreciate the story is not realistic nor does it do justice for what the film is.  It is a wonderful film with a great storyline!!  corinn
 Das Boot is an epic film that is very well done. I loved the suspense and terrific character moments. The thrills are well paced and we get a feeling of the boredom and terror of living in a Nazi U-boat in the midst of the Atlantic during 1941 WWII. Going 60 days with no sight of the enemy helps show the epic nature of the ocean. The three week storm is well crafted and adds so much more tension to the film.Das Boot is an epic film that is very well done. I loved the suspense and terrific character moments. The thrills are well paced and we get a feeling of the boredom and terror of living in a Nazi U-boat in the midst of the Atlantic during 1941 WWII. Going 60 days with no sight of the enemy helps show the epic nature of the ocean. The three week storm is well crafted and adds so much more tension to the film.This movie is now one of the top ten movies of all time for me.This movie is now one of the top ten movies of all time for me.In viewing the DVD, I chose to turn on English Subtitles while also selecting the English 2.0 spoken language. What is interesting is how the english dub has paraphrased certain lines and in others totally changed every meaning behind the statements. I'm talking about the line that, in German, reads something like "I can't wait to get back home and f**k the h*ll out of a few wild wh**es!" is rewritten and dubbed as "When I get home I'm going to shower and sleep until December!" Quite a drastic change. But of course, sailors in the German Navy use language that I suppose is unacceptable - even in an "R" rated movie - for English audiences... In viewing the DVD, I chose to turn on English Subtitles while also selecting the English 2.0 spoken language. What is interesting is how the english dub has paraphrased certain lines and in others totally changed every meaning behind the statements. I'm talking about the line that, in German, reads something like "I can't wait to get back home and f**k the h*ll out of a few wild wh**es!" is rewritten and dubbed as "When I get home I'm going to shower and sleep until December!" Quite a drastic change. But of course, sailors in the German Navy use language that I suppose is unacceptable - even in an "R" rated movie - for English audiences... There are more than fifteen conversations of that nature that have been translated into English subtitles from the German language spoken in the original dub of the film, while the English dub is totally different. Later in the film, there are even lines shown in subtitles that are not spoken at all in the English dub. Very interesting and fun to watch.There are more than fifteen conversations of that nature that have been translated into English subtitles from the German language spoken in the original dub of the film, while the English dub is totally different. Later in the film, there are even lines shown in subtitles that are not spoken at all in the English dub. Very interesting and fun to watch.Even with the subtitles on, I enjoyed this movie from start to finish. I love the epic movies that run well over two and a half hours. This one clocks in at a good four and a half hours! It draws you in and keeps you going from the very first moment to the very last explosion... Even with the subtitles on, I enjoyed this movie from start to finish. I love the epic movies that run well over two and a half hours. This one clocks in at a good four and a half hours! It draws you in and keeps you going from the very first moment to the very last explosion... One of the best war movies I have ever seen!One of the best war movies I have ever seen!One of the most interesting ironies of this film is that the entire movie takes place within the Nazi U-boat and we get to see and feel compassion for the German men who fight to keep the boat afloat. The irony occurs when the Allied forces attack them and we get to experience the other side of the equation. Very intense and dramatic
 These are the best dvds out there for babies because they are full of live action animals, people, flowers, water, etc.  I got them for my daughter when she was about 3 months old - she loved them then and she still loves them at 6 months.  They are perfect for the car for long trips to visit grandparents, and for afternoons when I need a break to cook dinner.  She laughs at the kids on the video and loves the animals, too.  The best part of course is the Christian music!  These videos are top quality and my daughter loves them - she gets bored very quickly with Baby Einstein. 
 His words to the jury, a petition for strength for them against great odds, for himself against greater odds, for a system sometimes blind to justice, and for the victim of negligence who has no voice, puts a lump in your throat today 25 years after the release of 'The Verdict.'His words to the jury, a petition for strength for them against great odds, for himself against greater odds, for a system sometimes blind to justice, and for the victim of negligence who has no voice, puts a lump in your throat today 25 years after the release of 'The Verdict.'TV bytes and news reports of lawyers' greed today have surpassed the image of scoundrels as nearly all of us now just leave them to their money-grubbing best. And the courage and brilliance of "Brown v. Board" and "Heart of Atlanta" exemplifying courageous men and women doing what is best fade into a distant past. But once in while a movie ('Mockingbird') comes along and moves powerfully to recall what it was that attracted us to the beauty of this ancient profession: to do what is right, or even better, to do what is right against great odds.TV bytes and news reports of lawyers' greed today have surpassed the image of scoundrels as nearly all of us now just leave them to their money-grubbing best. And the courage and brilliance of "Brown v. Board" and "Heart of Atlanta" exemplifying courageous men and women doing what is best fade into a distant past. But once in while a movie ('Mockingbird') comes along and moves powerfully to recall what it was that attracted us to the beauty of this ancient profession: to do what is right, or even better, to do what is right against great odds.Frank Galvin, drunk, ambulance chaser, liar, failure, had that dream once but a mistake, an error of judgemnt, a naive trust in loyalty that was gravely misplaced led him to where he is now, sucking on breath mints and bourbon, handing out cards, working for booze money.Frank Galvin, drunk, ambulance chaser, liar, failure, had that dream once but a mistake, an error of judgemnt, a naive trust in loyalty that was gravely misplaced led him to where he is now, sucking on breath mints and bourbon, handing out cards, working for booze money.His old friend Jack Warden handed him a case, a no-brainer, a lovely Irish girl who went into labor and came out brain dead. The Defendants? A squeaky clean, Chaired, lauded, published and handsome OBGYN and  . . . . the Diocese of Boston. And Frank's going to cave. Hell. It's the eve of trial and he's been drunk through the 24 months of discovery. And then he prepares for the Settlement Conference with the Dfense Lawyer, James Mason (just positively brilliant) and goes to the girls hospital room where she is machine fed and takes photos. But a funny thing happens. Lke Marcellus (Burton) winning the Robe in the lottery at the foot of the cross or a drunk at his first AA meeting, Frank's not sure but something's different. And he begins to wonder if maybe this time he won't cave.His old friend Jack Warden handed him a case, a no-brainer, a lovely Irish girl who went into labor and came out brain dead. The Defendants? A squeaky clean, Chaired, lauded, published and handsome OBGYN and  . . . . the Diocese of Boston. And Frank's going to cave. Hell. It's the eve of trial and he's been drunk through the 24 months of discovery. And then he prepares for the Settlement Conference with the Dfense Lawyer, James Mason (just positively brilliant) and goes to the girls hospital room where she is machine fed and takes photos. But a funny thing happens. Lke Marcellus (Burton) winning the Robe in the lottery at the foot of the cross or a drunk at his first AA meeting, Frank's not sure but something's different. And he begins to wonder if maybe this time he won't cave.Great, morbid, wry, ironic, gallows humor. Warden says after the Settlement Conference, "whadja' think of (Mason)?" Galvin: He's good. Warden: Good? He's the  [. . . . .] Prince of Darkness. Great, morbid, wry, ironic, gallows humor. Warden says after the Settlement Conference, "whadja' think of (Mason)?" Galvin: He's good. Warden: Good? He's the  [. . . . .] Prince of Darkness. A cast that you have heard of and seen a thousand times and some that you would never see again all working together to bring you a blue collar story of the good thief. I don't know that there is a better trial movie.A cast that you have heard of and seen a thousand times and some that you would never see again all working together to bring you a blue collar story of the good thief. I don't know that there is a better trial movie.People say that Newman lost but wasn't robbed for the Oscar because Ben Kingley was so wonderful in Ghandi.People say that Newman lost but wasn't robbed for the Oscar because Ben Kingley was so wonderful in Ghandi.He was robbed. 5 stars. Larry Scantlebury  
 It is a Gene Kelly vehichle and there are three wartime buddies, but that's pretty much where the "On The Town" similarities end. It is a surprisingly sharp, cynical story in which the protagonist's dreams do *not* initially come true- due to life circumstances. Betty Comden and the late Adolph Green- responsible for so many great film scores as well as the scripts of "Auntie Mame," "Bells Are Ringing," and "What A Way To Go-" contribute very witty songs here, including the Danubian tri-liloquy sung by the guys and Dolores Gray's "Thanks A Lot, But No Thanks" and "Music Is Better than Words (delivered with a rich, smooth contralto)." I wish Kelly and Charisse had danced together (the omission makes the film appear a bit empty), but my favorite numbers are still his garbage-can dance through the streets and her sexy sweater-and-skirt dance with the boxers, "Baby, You Knock Me Out." And I would've liked the roller-skating finale better if it didn't have a big, looming, piece of the "Singin' In The Rain" set in the background
 It's so silly how Michael Moore is criticized purely based on what trashy Fox News watchers see on TV.  They claim that his works are fictious anti american jabble, when in reality he encourages people to pirate the movie & then goes on tour giving speeches full of well researched facts FOR FREE.  Clearly, this man is doing it all for the money.It's so silly how Michael Moore is criticized purely based on what trashy Fox News watchers see on TV.  They claim that his works are fictious anti american jabble, when in reality he encourages people to pirate the movie & then goes on tour giving speeches full of well researched facts FOR FREE.  Clearly, this man is doing it all for the money.If his words are so insincere, why has the president not sued him for slander?And why can't anyone slamming the movie ever make any specific reference? It's always a general statement about michael moore being one explictive or another, and never about something he actually says.  Could it be, maybe, that they don't even know why they hate him
 I really liked this movie and think is too underrated. It has a great story line and plot. Although Katie Holmes has a small part it is a good one. I really enjoyed this one. HAs quite a few twists as well
 Maybe you had to be there.  Maybe the actual film never quite measures up to what has been preserved in the memory of a certain generation.  And with literary roots in journalistic observations of the blandly benign Cameron Crowe, maybe it lacks the nerve to truly explore the teenage sex blues with the farcical abandon of its vulgar cousin Porky's.Maybe you had to be there.  Maybe the actual film never quite measures up to what has been preserved in the memory of a certain generation.  And with literary roots in journalistic observations of the blandly benign Cameron Crowe, maybe it lacks the nerve to truly explore the teenage sex blues with the farcical abandon of its vulgar cousin Porky's.But even today Fast Times remains funny, with witty set pieces and a host of emerging Hollywood stars flirting, dating and hooking up to the rock soundtrack of the period.But even today Fast Times remains funny, with witty set pieces and a host of emerging Hollywood stars flirting, dating and hooking up to the rock soundtrack of the period.As burnout surfer Jeff Spicoli, Sean Penn achieved well-deserved legendary status.  Yet special props go to Judge Reinhold as the hang-dog dirty old senior.  Any scene even remotely involving customer service, he steals it, then turns around and gives able dramatic support to Jennifer Jason Leigh
 it does tend to lurch, but I give it a yes anyway because it says not so well something it is still arch heresy even to suggest; the end is not near, it is very, very near.  and possibly, it has already come and gone
 I glad there is someone besides me that is fed up with the insufferable bores who automatically think a film is "intellectual" because it is made anywhere but the USA.  In their eyes America can do no right.  My other pet peave is the wide screen snobs and their utter distain for any film offered in full frame. 
 samurai champloo has been a great series, and this third dvd has kept that tradition. though the last episode was weak, as most recap episodes are, the other three episodes made up for it, and then some. around the time this came out, fans of the series were starting to buy the dvd's more due to the shortage of episodes on adult swim, as the last episode on this dvd is as far as adult swim would broadcast(they did start to broadcast more shortly after dvd six). below are my ratings for this dvd and it's episodes.samurai champloo has been a great series, and this third dvd has kept that tradition. though the last episode was weak, as most recap episodes are, the other three episodes made up for it, and then some. around the time this came out, fans of the series were starting to buy the dvd's more due to the shortage of episodes on adult swim, as the last episode on this dvd is as far as adult swim would broadcast(they did start to broadcast more shortly after dvd six). below are my ratings for this dvd and it's episodes.samurai champloo has been a great series, and this third dvd has kept that tradition. though the last episode was weak, as most recap episodes are, the other three episodes made up for it, and then some. around the time this came out, fans of the series were starting to buy the dvd's more due to the shortage of episodes on adult swim, as the last episode on this dvd is as far as adult swim would broadcast(they did start to broadcast more shortly after dvd six). below are my ratings for this dvd and it's episodes.episode nine: beatbox bandits- this episode, though not very good, still has some funny scenes and some action. mugen jin and fuu are caught trying to pass through a checkpoint with counterfiet passes. the checkpoint officials find out that they did not make the forgeries, and cut a deal. mugen is sent to do one of their croked errands. will mugen stay true to his companions? watch and find out.i rate this episode a 5/10, simply because it lacked action and plot, plus the man telling the story is looking back thirty years to when the episode occured. i don't know, maybe it's the thought of jin mugen and fuu being old, but i don't dig the old man looking that far back.i rate this episode a 5/10, simply because it lacked action and plot, plus the man telling the story is looking back thirty years to when the episode occured. i don't know, maybe it's the thought of jin mugen and fuu being old, but i don't dig the old man looking that far back.episode ten: lethal lunacy- one of my favorite, if not my all time favorite, SC episodes! this episode kicks anus in every way possible! i dont want to reveal to much of the story line, but i reccomend watching this episode! even if this dvd just had this episode and was still full price, i would still buy it!i rate this episode a -/-, or infinite. if you really want stars, it is 10/10, though i find that underappreciating the episode to give it a finite ratingi rate this episode a -/-, or infinite. if you really want stars, it is 10/10, though i find that underappreciating the episode to give it a finite ratingepisode eleven: gamblers and gallentry- jin falls in love with a depressed woman who has been forced to work in a whore-house to pay off her husbands debt. still a good episode, but not the best. lots of great humor.i rate this episode 7/10.i rate this episode 7/10.episode twelve: the disorder diaries- recap episode. jin and mugen read fuu's diary while she takes a bath. this episode has a lot of funny dialogue, but that's the only thing it has working for it.i rate this episode 3/10i rate this episode 3/10well, that's it for this review. check out my next review on volume four of samurai champloo.i hope this review helped.peace
 Peirce really suprised me in this movie.  He was always so "pretty" in his movies, he showed that he can play "dirty".  An unlikely "friendship" developes between a regular guy and a hired killer.  Pierce, the hired killer, is getting older and less steady on the trigger, could it be that years of murdering is weighing heavy on his concience, or that he is close to his retirement years and dosen't have a  real friend in this whole stinkin' world because of the business he's in.  Either way, he's like a man in a desert who forgot to bring water.  Unusual buddy film, but, it works!  Enjoy
 I could explain to you all about each show but you already know. What makes this collection great is the fact as to how it is packaged along with the price. You get 5 Christmas TV classics in a collectors case along with a 20 song sing-a-long CD. And for 25 bucks that is a deal you can't beat. That's roughly 5 bucks a show not including the CD. I got this set just so my 5 year old can grow up watching some of the "good" Christmas shows that I did.
 Two years later, the Red Sox fan still wakes up on the odd morning late in September thinking it never happened.  It was a utopian dream, the comfort of the drugged and sleeping.Two years later, the Red Sox fan still wakes up on the odd morning late in September thinking it never happened.  It was a utopian dream, the comfort of the drugged and sleeping.But it *did* happen. It's here on film.  They couldn't have made this all up and - besides - I remember it. Like it was yesterday.But it *did* happen. It's here on film.  They couldn't have made this all up and - besides - I remember it. Like it was yesterday.The producers of this DVD didn't have much of a World Series series to work with. The Sox swept the Cardinals in four.  The producers of this DVD didn't have much of a World Series series to work with. The Sox swept the Cardinals in four.  The real drama was the American League Championship Series.The real drama was the American League Championship Series.Still, the producers have done a remarkable job of building the context of the Curse of the Bambino, the tragedy snatched from the jaws of triumph in years that are branded into the thighs and brains of Red Sox fans - 1967, 1975, 1986 - the new Spring hopes that make one feel a little foolish. The mind games. The despair. The self-loathing.Still, the producers have done a remarkable job of building the context of the Curse of the Bambino, the tragedy snatched from the jaws of triumph in years that are branded into the thighs and brains of Red Sox fans - 1967, 1975, 1986 - the new Spring hopes that make one feel a little foolish. The mind games. The despair. The self-loathing.It all ended in 2004. It all ended in 2004. It's right here on film.It's right here on film.The names now fit comfortably beside those of Yaz and the rest of Fenway's venerable ghosts: Schilling, Damon (still beloved in pinstripes), Pedro, Millar, Derek Lowe, Trot, Big Papi, Manny Being Manny, 'Skip' Francona, the undyingly heroic field captain 'Tek' Varitek, the man paid to steal one base (Dave Roberts). The gutsy trade of Nomar.The names now fit comfortably beside those of Yaz and the rest of Fenway's venerable ghosts: Schilling, Damon (still beloved in pinstripes), Pedro, Millar, Derek Lowe, Trot, Big Papi, Manny Being Manny, 'Skip' Francona, the undyingly heroic field captain 'Tek' Varitek, the man paid to steal one base (Dave Roberts). The gutsy trade of Nomar.Then there were the demons of this passion play: All the Yankees, but particularly A-Rod, who played the part of a bizarrely emasculated Lucifer. And all the Yankees, again. And again.Then there were the demons of this passion play: All the Yankees, but particularly A-Rod, who played the part of a bizarrely emasculated Lucifer. And all the Yankees, again. And again.Everybody else was just there that season for bit parts and background noise for Big Papi's walkoff homers and Curt Schillings epochal bloody sock, the crux of Red Sox Nation's unlikely redemption.Everybody else was just there that season for bit parts and background noise for Big Papi's walkoff homers and Curt Schillings epochal bloody sock, the crux of Red Sox Nation's unlikely redemption.A Red Sox fan watching this DVD for the fifth time can still not suppress the goosebumps. A Red Sox fan watching this DVD for the fifth time can still not suppress the goosebumps. Where were we for this game? And that game? The true fans among us are slightly embarrassed about the fact that we remember where, a stroke of intellectual capacity that is supposed to be reserved for truly international events.Where were we for this game? And that game? The true fans among us are slightly embarrassed about the fact that we remember where, a stroke of intellectual capacity that is supposed to be reserved for truly international events.As I write this in mid-October, 2006, the Sox are at home and Detroit is facing off with Oakland for the American League Championship.As I write this in mid-October, 2006, the Sox are at home and Detroit is facing off with Oakland for the American League Championship.It doesn't matter.  We won. It's right there on the DVD.  Plus, the soundtrack is brilliant.It doesn't matter.  We won. It's right there on the DVD.  Plus, the soundtrack is brilliant.It all ends in glory after all, not ashes.  Redemption
 I'm mildly into anime, I only watch the stuff that I really enjoy. This is the only series that has really drawn me in. Usually it's just movies for me but Wolf's Rain is amazing. I can't wait for Volume II to be released on Tuesday! It contains the final episodes (19-30).
 This anime was what got me hooked on anime years ago when it first came out on cartoon network, and now is definetly considered a classic alongside Cowboy Bebop and others. This is truly a wonderful series that reaches somewhere inside you and pulls you into the very souls of the characters and you feel like you know these people. Yoko Kanno is my favorite music director and the music is absolutely perfect. It's so beautiful and fits the story so well. The overtone is semi dark with those special times where the mood is happy and cheerful. This anime was what got me hooked on anime years ago when it first came out on cartoon network, and now is definetly considered a classic alongside Cowboy Bebop and others. This is truly a wonderful series that reaches somewhere inside you and pulls you into the very souls of the characters and you feel like you know these people. Yoko Kanno is my favorite music director and the music is absolutely perfect. It's so beautiful and fits the story so well. The overtone is semi dark with those special times where the mood is happy and cheerful. As for the languages and region, while I wouldn't know yet for this particular box set, I would assume it is just like the individual DVDs they put out with Japanese and English language and English subtitles. And I don't know where to look for the region of the DVD, but I think it might be region 1, whatever it means. I do know that I haven't had any troubles playing it on any of our DVD players.As for the languages and region, while I wouldn't know yet for this particular box set, I would assume it is just like the individual DVDs they put out with Japanese and English language and English subtitles. And I don't know where to look for the region of the DVD, but I think it might be region 1, whatever it means. I do know that I haven't had any troubles playing it on any of our DVD players.[...][...]
 This is a very emotional film.  It induces emotion in the viewer, and for that I give it five stars.  I'm more interested in constructive criticism than in praise, so even though I think it is an excellent film, I will just focus on what I think is wrong with it.This is a very emotional film.  It induces emotion in the viewer, and for that I give it five stars.  I'm more interested in constructive criticism than in praise, so even though I think it is an excellent film, I will just focus on what I think is wrong with it.One problem is that Blanche DuBois is simply too pretty for the role.  We don't understand, on a gut level, why this beautiful girl would worry about hiding behind dim lighting.  The script makes it clear that she is supposed to look "old", and yet she doesn't.  That's a fault of the film.  It makes her final passionate scene with Karl Malden incomprehensible.  He holds her up to the light, she looks very pretty, and yet we are supposed to believe that she looks terrible in bright light.  For that I blame the director, Elia Kazan.  What in God's name could he have been thinking of, and why did he mess up so badly on that important detail?One problem is that Blanche DuBois is simply too pretty for the role.  We don't understand, on a gut level, why this beautiful girl would worry about hiding behind dim lighting.  The script makes it clear that she is supposed to look "old", and yet she doesn't.  That's a fault of the film.  It makes her final passionate scene with Karl Malden incomprehensible.  He holds her up to the light, she looks very pretty, and yet we are supposed to believe that she looks terrible in bright light.  For that I blame the director, Elia Kazan.  What in God's name could he have been thinking of, and why did he mess up so badly on that important detail?Another important fault of this film is that Stanley Kowalski's attack on Blanche isn't set up properly.  Are we just supposed to believe that he is an animal, and chalk it up to that?  Sorry, not good enough.  We should have seen it coming.  Again, another big mess-up by Kazan.  When the script has the characters doing something that doesn't ring true, there's a problem.  We needed to see that attack being led up to.  We needed to think "Oh my god, I know what he is about to do."Another important fault of this film is that Stanley Kowalski's attack on Blanche isn't set up properly.  Are we just supposed to believe that he is an animal, and chalk it up to that?  Sorry, not good enough.  We should have seen it coming.  Again, another big mess-up by Kazan.  When the script has the characters doing something that doesn't ring true, there's a problem.  We needed to see that attack being led up to.  We needed to think "Oh my god, I know what he is about to do."Stanley Kowalski is actually the good guy throughout most of the movie.  All of a sudden it turns.  It's incomprehensible.  Somewhere between the writing, directing, and acting, somebody dropped the ball somewhere.  The Stanley Kowalski who attacks Blanche is not the same man who appears earlier in the film.  He's not an "animal".  He's not set up that way for us. Blanche is the snob, and Stanley is okay, but that is turned on its head at the end.Stanley Kowalski is actually the good guy throughout most of the movie.  All of a sudden it turns.  It's incomprehensible.  Somewhere between the writing, directing, and acting, somebody dropped the ball somewhere.  The Stanley Kowalski who attacks Blanche is not the same man who appears earlier in the film.  He's not an "animal".  He's not set up that way for us. Blanche is the snob, and Stanley is okay, but that is turned on its head at the end.Insanity is a nice little copout.  We can make our actors do anything, and just say okay, they went nuts.  Very touching, but not very realistic.  How does someone go insane?  What stages do they go through?  Blanche's descent into insanity, into an inability to tell reality from fantasy, should have been more realistic, more researched, more consistent with the way it actually happens.  It does happen to people, people who are extremely bipolar, people who are schizophrenic.  More research should have been done, to show what the descent into insanity actually does look like.Insanity is a nice little copout.  We can make our actors do anything, and just say okay, they went nuts.  Very touching, but not very realistic.  How does someone go insane?  What stages do they go through?  Blanche's descent into insanity, into an inability to tell reality from fantasy, should have been more realistic, more researched, more consistent with the way it actually happens.  It does happen to people, people who are extremely bipolar, people who are schizophrenic.  More research should have been done, to show what the descent into insanity actually does look like.I have high standards, but that's a good thing, I think.  Still, I've given this film five stars
 I first saw this movie in high school in the theater.  I was extremely moved by the film, and it triggered a facination with South Asia that lasts to this day - I even work half the year in Sri Lanka now.  So for me, personally, this movie is of tremendous influence.I first saw this movie in high school in the theater.  I was extremely moved by the film, and it triggered a facination with South Asia that lasts to this day - I even work half the year in Sri Lanka now.  So for me, personally, this movie is of tremendous influence.I understand the arguements about the crediting of non-white actors; I always wondered why Candice Bergman is given top billing, given that she only appears in a very few scenes.  Well, that's the way of the world - it's marketing right or wrong, and to get people into the theater you highlight those who are well known.  It's not right, but that's Hollywood. I mean, better to have unfair credits than to not have the movie at all, yes?I understand the arguements about the crediting of non-white actors; I always wondered why Candice Bergman is given top billing, given that she only appears in a very few scenes.  Well, that's the way of the world - it's marketing right or wrong, and to get people into the theater you highlight those who are well known.  It's not right, but that's Hollywood. I mean, better to have unfair credits than to not have the movie at all, yes?And you've got to admit, it was quite a debut for Ben Kingsly. Wow.  He'll be forever known for this role.And you've got to admit, it was quite a debut for Ben Kingsly. Wow.  He'll be forever known for this role.That aside, this is an excellent, amazing film.  Of course, it's still highly relevant, perhaps even more so in our post-911 world of fear.  That aside, this is an excellent, amazing film.  Of course, it's still highly relevant, perhaps even more so in our post-911 world of fear.  The movie ends with a feeling of real hope and inspiration.  A must-see for anyone who feels anger, fear, agressively nationalistic, hopelessness, hatred, or lost.  I can think of several politicans who need to see this movie
 I didn't have high expectations for this movie, but it surprised and pleased me enough to watch it 3 times.  I've always like Tom Cruise and he doesn't disappoint in this movie.  But the real star is Ken Watanabe as the Samurai leader-what perfect casting! And Koyuki as the Samurai widow was just plain gorgeous.  The HD DVD transfer made an already beautiful movie that much better.  Highly recommended
 I think this is a beautiful story about a man, who wanted to change his country. He was not looking for his lost money, he wanted a new Hungary. The story about a great man, love through peace, war and blood. A great story from the hungarian history. Everyone, who like dramas, the 19th century, real heros... have to see this wonderful movie
 I think this is a beautiful story about a man, who wanted to change his country. He was not looking for his lost money, he wanted a new Hungary. The story about a great man, love through peace, war and blood. A great story from the hungarian history. Everyone, who like dramas, the 19th century, real heros... have to see this wonderful movieThere have been emblematic films that plainly, justifies its success based on serious denounces that attempt against the environment. But few times, we had had the opportunity to watch with such boldness the ferociousness, constancy and dedication like this one. There have been emblematic films that plainly, justifies its success based on serious denounces that attempt against the environment. But few times, we had had the opportunity to watch with such boldness the ferociousness, constancy and dedication like this one. We should be back to the times if Silkwood or The China syndrome to feel with such powerful intensity the importance about the magnitude of the ethical limits of the industrialization and the preservation of the environmental health; that degenerated in an unpredictable scandal of majuscule proportions  We should be back to the times if Silkwood or The China syndrome to feel with such powerful intensity the importance about the magnitude of the ethical limits of the industrialization and the preservation of the environmental health; that degenerated in an unpredictable scandal of majuscule proportions  On the other hand of the coin, (and I must confess I have never been a special fan of Mrs. Roberts) she displayed by far,  the best of her repertoire and gave us a very real portrait that deserved her the Academy Award that year.On the other hand of the coin, (and I must confess I have never been a special fan of Mrs. Roberts) she displayed by far,  the best of her repertoire and gave us a very real portrait that deserved her the Academy Award that year.One more thing: in order to the fairness, I would personally would have stated decreed an equal number of votes with another superb and perhaps never equaled performance: Ellen Burstyn and "Requiem for a dream". And that I keep this statement taking into account that famous double prize between Barbara Streisand and Vanessa Redgrave in 1967, where the difference in what acting concerns was even major.   Excellent edition and magisterial direction of Steven Soderbergh. 
 I saw the trailer for this film numerous times in the theatre. I thought it was going to be another run of the mill comedy that just happens to take place in a greasy fast food joint. Not even close! This movie is strange and should someday earn cult status. Besides I like watching Drew Barrymore
 You GO, DIVA!! I missed these videos, soooo COOL!!  Deeper Than The Night, I think my favorite Olivia song of all-time... so young, so beautiful!!  And even hotter now... check-out Video Gold 2 - just as incredible... ROCK ON, Olivia!
 Their was a whole generation of little girls teenagers and young adults sitting down in the 90's to watch 90210 and party of five.They were even on the same night at one point.It was a perfect tv night!This show is amazing.If you havent seen it your missing out and if you have you need to own this DVD!I'm really surpised that this dvd isnt more popular.I really think its because it hasnt been advertised.These dvds need a little advertisements just to let the fans that dont search for it know its out thier.Buy it its worth every penn
 On the face of it, a movie about a suicidal teen who develops a semi-romantic attachment to an ancient woman seems about as "niche" as you can get, but don't overlook this film. The relationship between Harold and Maude is truly endearing, and is as heartbreakingly dear as it is comedic. Through Maude (Ruth Gordon in a role that will forever define the agelessness of the human spirit) we get a truly unique perspective on life, told in such a gracefully sweet way that we cannot help but fall in love with her. If you like Igby Goes Down (a modern interpretation of Catcher in the Rye) you'll get much the same feeling from Harold and Maude, which is not so much a "coming of age" movie as a funny-but-deep look at love in all its splendours
 A friend with a three year old told us about this product and we purchased it.  Wow!  Our three year old girl kept wanting to watch it over and over.  We used the DVD along with us talking about numbers and she was doing great.  Before pre-school started she was able to add and subtract numbers between 0 - 10.A friend with a three year old told us about this product and we purchased it.  Wow!  Our three year old girl kept wanting to watch it over and over.  We used the DVD along with us talking about numbers and she was doing great.  Before pre-school started she was able to add and subtract numbers between 0 - 10.
 The stellar performances of Jason Alexander (Buzz) and John Glover (James/John) make this movie, providing the most humorous and touching moments in this film. The Swan Lake scene, while funny, is probably the most sad, as each character explains how he will pass on. The stellar performances of Jason Alexander (Buzz) and John Glover (James/John) make this movie, providing the most humorous and touching moments in this film. The Swan Lake scene, while funny, is probably the most sad, as each character explains how he will pass on. Yet the most interesting character to me is Gregory, as he is the glue that holds this group of men together, generously offering his Victorian house for holiday vacations. It is he who starts the film with his narration, welcoming the viewer in as if we are a visitor to his home as well, and having the final narration during the Swan Lake scene. He is caretaker to his friends in life and in death, and the central character that the six others revolve around; it is befitting that he will be the last to go. Each character struggles with his own demons; we are privy to their personal pain, yet all manage to rise above their problems and find joy in life and with each other's companionship. Even the most detestable character, John, is not entirely unsympathetic.Each character struggles with his own demons; we are privy to their personal pain, yet all manage to rise above their problems and find joy in life and with each other's companionship. Even the most detestable character, John, is not entirely unsympathetic.Yes, there's some stereotypical moments, but all in all, this is an enjoyable film, one that leaves an indelible impression
 This movie is a great movie to add to your DVD collection.  Especially if you are a mob fan.  This movie is about corruption within the mob, about betrayal, about death and dying.  It starts off with someone trying to whack the don, and the family trying to find out who it is and why.  I'm not going to ruin it for anyone by telling the story.  Just watch it.  Mario Puzo's The Last Don (1997) was great too
 I don't own this series, but I watch it on PBS. It's great. They cover a limited number of words per episode, and I'm grateful; it can get a little overwhelming. My 2 1/2 year old daughter only does a few signs, but she's able to decipher anything I sign to her. I know "Mama", "Hungry", "Want," "Cookie"... For now that will have to do for "Mama is hungry, she wants a cookie." You'll catch other words from the songs. Go to the Signing Time website. They have sample videos, and lyrics, you'll get the idea. A little at a time is good enough for me. Expert proficiency is not my expectation here. Five Stars
 I love this series and plan to buy more.  It is well done.  The signs are separated so one can watch just one in a sitting, or watch the whole dvd.  The word is first shown, then a mom shows the sign, then kids demonstrate (including some use of the actual object, if appropriate).  My child and I have both picked up signs quickly from this DVD
 "The Bad Sleep Well" is a forgotten gem from one of Japan's great masters, Akira Kurosawa. His other two Shakespeare adaptations, "Throne of Blood" (Macbeth) and "Ran" (King Lear), are much more famous and well-regarded, justifiably so if you have seen them ("Ran" is particular is my favorite of all Kurosawa films). However, this sharp and caustic adaptation of Hamlet deserves an equal amount of praise and recognition. It may be the most bleak subject matter that Kurosawa ever tackled - the corruption in the highest levels of government in post-war Japan."The Bad Sleep Well" is a forgotten gem from one of Japan's great masters, Akira Kurosawa. His other two Shakespeare adaptations, "Throne of Blood" (Macbeth) and "Ran" (King Lear), are much more famous and well-regarded, justifiably so if you have seen them ("Ran" is particular is my favorite of all Kurosawa films). However, this sharp and caustic adaptation of Hamlet deserves an equal amount of praise and recognition. It may be the most bleak subject matter that Kurosawa ever tackled - the corruption in the highest levels of government in post-war Japan.The film begins with a long but funny wedding sequence that illustrates Kurosawa's great skill as a director. We (and the camera) are among a group of reporters discussing the numerous convenient reasons for the marriage; the bride is lame and the daughter of Iwabuchi, the head of corporation,  and the bridegroom, Nishi, has aspirations to elevate his status in the business. We see the comedy of manners play out in this sequence in increasingly humorous situations as the various parties deny these rumours and reporters comment to each other, culminating in the panicked looks on the faces of the corporate higher-ups as the wedding cake arrives - in the shape of their office building, Public Corp., with a red X marking a spot in one of the windows where one of their former partners commited suicide. It's a virtuoso sequence that perfectly sets up the tone of the rest of the film.The film begins with a long but funny wedding sequence that illustrates Kurosawa's great skill as a director. We (and the camera) are among a group of reporters discussing the numerous convenient reasons for the marriage; the bride is lame and the daughter of Iwabuchi, the head of corporation,  and the bridegroom, Nishi, has aspirations to elevate his status in the business. We see the comedy of manners play out in this sequence in increasingly humorous situations as the various parties deny these rumours and reporters comment to each other, culminating in the panicked looks on the faces of the corporate higher-ups as the wedding cake arrives - in the shape of their office building, Public Corp., with a red X marking a spot in one of the windows where one of their former partners commited suicide. It's a virtuoso sequence that perfectly sets up the tone of the rest of the film.The newspapers have a field day with this, especially when various members of Public Corp. are investigated for fraud and embezzlement, yet they stoically remain silent and the case goes nowhere. Then it heats up again as a few of them commit suicide; the rumours are that they were goaded into doing so (n fact, they were). However, without any substance to press the matter, the case is dropped. And that's when the real story begins - one of the Public Corp executives, Wada, survives and is rescued by Nishi and his shadowy accomplice, Itakura.The newspapers have a field day with this, especially when various members of Public Corp. are investigated for fraud and embezzlement, yet they stoically remain silent and the case goes nowhere. Then it heats up again as a few of them commit suicide; the rumours are that they were goaded into doing so (n fact, they were). However, without any substance to press the matter, the case is dropped. And that's when the real story begins - one of the Public Corp executives, Wada, survives and is rescued by Nishi and his shadowy accomplice, Itakura.This is followed by a brilliant scene in which Wada is taken to his own funeral and observes the farce - all the while, Nishi plays him a tape with Moriyama and Shirai, his former partners, plotting his murder. The way Kurosawa stages this is masterful; the sublime music emanating from the funeral is contrast dramatically with the cold-blooded words of Public Corp, as Wada listens on. One of the ways Wada contributes is to scare the living hell out of Shirai - Wada poses as a ghost of himself in order to freak out Shirai (a pointed but clever method of tying in the ghost in Hamlet). As the plot progresses, Nishi reveals his reasons for saving Wada and exacting a very personal revenge on Iwabuchi and his cohorts; the story's pace becomes more frantic and exciting.This is followed by a brilliant scene in which Wada is taken to his own funeral and observes the farce - all the while, Nishi plays him a tape with Moriyama and Shirai, his former partners, plotting his murder. The way Kurosawa stages this is masterful; the sublime music emanating from the funeral is contrast dramatically with the cold-blooded words of Public Corp, as Wada listens on. One of the ways Wada contributes is to scare the living hell out of Shirai - Wada poses as a ghost of himself in order to freak out Shirai (a pointed but clever method of tying in the ghost in Hamlet). As the plot progresses, Nishi reveals his reasons for saving Wada and exacting a very personal revenge on Iwabuchi and his cohorts; the story's pace becomes more frantic and exciting.Technically, Kurosawa is at his best here. The wedding and the funeral are both marvels and they contrast each other perfectly. He uses a lot of intriguing mise-en-scene compostions for his interiors that serve to highlight his characters' inner thoughts but very little movement of the camera in order to manipulate his audience; the dark nature of the story is enough to suck you in. One of the fascinating observations in "The Bad Sleep Well" is that all of the characters are morally bankrupt and filled with secrets - even Nishi, the protagonist. His wife, the Ophelia character, is the only one that Kurosawa allows us to feel sympathy for, and even then in the end she is not fully spared her grief. Taken in this context, Kurosawa's Hamlet becomes a study in the morality and pragmatism of revenge but also an incisive jab at the fat cats in modern Japan.Technically, Kurosawa is at his best here. The wedding and the funeral are both marvels and they contrast each other perfectly. He uses a lot of intriguing mise-en-scene compostions for his interiors that serve to highlight his characters' inner thoughts but very little movement of the camera in order to manipulate his audience; the dark nature of the story is enough to suck you in. One of the fascinating observations in "The Bad Sleep Well" is that all of the characters are morally bankrupt and filled with secrets - even Nishi, the protagonist. His wife, the Ophelia character, is the only one that Kurosawa allows us to feel sympathy for, and even then in the end she is not fully spared her grief. Taken in this context, Kurosawa's Hamlet becomes a study in the morality and pragmatism of revenge but also an incisive jab at the fat cats in modern Japan.If there is a flaw in the film, it is that the overall pacing is not always brisk enough to sustain the long running time (2 1/2 hours). The wedding, despite being absolutely essential, is protracted; the rest of the film is much quicker but still drags in parts. Also, Kurosawa seems unsure about his ending; the film ends quite abruptly but appropriately in terms of his larger point about the hopelesness of fighting the rampant corruption, I would argue. However, despite these flaws, overall "The Bad Sleep Well" is a masterful and dark excursion into the seedy side of corporate crime, using Shakespeare Hamlet brilliantly but not completely as it's core. Toshiro Mifune in particular gives one of his most unique low-key performances; instead of his usual fiery exterior we get a performance full of internalized anger throughout. Highly reccomended
 "The Thomas Crown Affair" gets better everytime I watch it. I spot something I missed. Hear music which I heard but never listened to and see how it relates to the movie. Actually hearing the "Windmills of my Mind". This is an unbelievably good movie, although I prefer the original's ending
 Gosh. The other reviewer, who seems to me, only watched the first four episodes of this series and judged the title soley on that.  Oh, and  on the DVD covers.  This isn't the first anime to have 'fan service' on the DVD covers.  Look at Kiddy Grade, an anime that this tweedledum65 reccommends over R.O.D tv.  I'm not going to get into details on this anime, for good reviews check out www.themanime.org, I'm just saying I liked it, and if you're paitient, and like a good mystery, I hope you find this series just as enjoyable as i do. 
 I ordered this guide so that I could understand all of the options and functions available on my new Nikon D200.  Since it is a video that I could watch, pause, then continue watching it was easy for me to understand. The explanations made a lot of sense.  There are lots of examples and exercises that help to explain not only how the D200 works but how to use the various functions to take better photos. I highly reccommend it
 Jude is a very powerful film. It is also very disturbing, but it is absolutely a must see. This is an adaptation of Thomas Hardy's last novel, the film isn't exactly like the novel, but if you can ignore that then you'll find that this is quite a terrific film. Just don't expect exactly what you got from the novel. Over all I give it four stars.Jude is a very powerful film. It is also very disturbing, but it is absolutely a must see. This is an adaptation of Thomas Hardy's last novel, the film isn't exactly like the novel, but if you can ignore that then you'll find that this is quite a terrific film. Just don't expect exactly what you got from the novel. Over all I give it four stars.
   I waited years for this movie to be released in the United States.  As far as I was concerned, it wasn't about the acting, as much as it was about the "feeling" the actors wanted to portray, in which they, profoundly, accomplished.    I would recommend this movie to anyone who can reach that one step deeper into the minds of creativity and passion, and appreciate the struggles of rising above and beyond the pain of broken dreams
 Murrey is a middle aged man with a comfortable living standard and the emotional life of a turtle. Which does not keep him from chasing women and from appearing like a "regular Don Juan" to his neighbor Winston, a family man.Murrey gets talked into visiting 4 women whom he knew 20 years ago, searching for a possible son, whose existence is unclear, and who may just be a hoax. The visits are all shocking in different ways. All women live in similar locations, though on different social standards between white trash and professional wealth. All encounters are odd, the safest one is the visit to the grave of one woman who has died in an accident. She was number 5 in the list of "suspects" for the mother of the phantom son.Don't watch this film if you need action or a plot. If you are happy with smart dialogues, odd situations, great acting, a script worked to perfection, this is one for you
 This is one of my favorite movies and i find it unfortunate that not too many people know about it. I think it is important for people to know this story. Everyone should watch this movie simply because it is fantastic
 "The Medium" instantly became my favorite show on television in 2005.  I usually am fascinated by shows with elements of the paranormal, which tuned me in.  However, it is the realism of the family relationship that is most fascinating.  Patricia Arquette who was in "Ed Wood" with Johnny Depp plays Alison DuBois.  Her Emmy win for Best Actress in a drama attests to her standing within the industry, but the on-screen chemistry with Jake Weber who was in "Meet Joe Black" and plays her husband Joe is riveting.  They fight, spat, try to mask conflict in front of their kids, juggle an impossible number of real-life tasks, and have layers of humor and romance that make this seem like a real family that loves each other and deals with the unusual circumstances of Alison's psychic ability.  I found after watching the initial show that when the reruns would show, I still wanted to watch them over episodes of CSI Miami that I had not seen.   When I bought the DVD, I was hoping there might have been an episode I'd missed, but I'd seen them all between NBC & Lifetime reruns several times.  I'm impressed by how entrancing each episode is and the quality of the writing.  Alison's dreams are like clues that she struggles to fit together.  What impresses me about Alison is that she sincerely struggles to do the right thing.  In a world of violence, it's often hard to be clear which way the moral compass points.  In the episode "In Sickness & Adultery" her tip places her on the witness stand with an unethical hostile prosecutor that seeks to embarrass her.  As she comes back that he cheated to pass his law exams and is cheating on his wife, she finds that her best defense is the truth.  The two older daughters are also jewels.  Maria Lark as Bridget often has my entire family in stitches with her offbeat humor like shouting at her mom who wakes screaming from a bad dream, "Mom, please stop doing that!"  Sofia Vassilieva as the older Aerial keeps the arguments at the breakfast table bouncing.  David Cubitt who plays the reoccurring role of Detective Lee Scanlon also achieves amazing chemistry with Arquette.  Miguel Sandoval as the district attorney Manuel Duvalos has such a focused calmness that he centers the crime portion of the show.  (Perhaps we will sometime see more about his family.)  While it's hard to pick my favorite first season episode, the complex plot of "A Priest, A Doctor & Medium Walk into an Execution Chamber" is a jewel, with the police chasing a ghost who apparently has just committed murder.  The DVD commentaries and introduction to the real-life Alison DuBois really give excellent background for fans of the show.  This is one show that reaches the level of art for me.  Its excellence will make it memorable for a long time & this DVD collection a valuable addition to an entertainment collection.  Bravo
 I was happy to see a 'romantic comedy' that didn't line up with every other formula picture in the genre.  Really fun stuff and some solid acting
 This video is amazing!  My 6 week old son is watching it right now!  I can't believe how entertained he is by it!  These videos have been proven to increase a child's IQ, so I don't feel [too] guilty about letting him watch. 
 While I've always loved Blade Runner, the so-called "Theatrical Cut" was seriously marred by narration that was hilariously blunt in content and awful in its monotone articulation.  Harrison Ford has claimed he did this on purpose with the hope that the whole narration would be scrapped.  But Hollywood, in its infinite vulgarity and congenital contempt for its audience's intelligence and artistic sensitivity, stuck with it anyway, on the assumption that we needed to be spoon-fed with sophomoric incompetence.While I've always loved Blade Runner, the so-called "Theatrical Cut" was seriously marred by narration that was hilariously blunt in content and awful in its monotone articulation.  Harrison Ford has claimed he did this on purpose with the hope that the whole narration would be scrapped.  But Hollywood, in its infinite vulgarity and congenital contempt for its audience's intelligence and artistic sensitivity, stuck with it anyway, on the assumption that we needed to be spoon-fed with sophomoric incompetence.Equally stupid, though less damaging in that its effect was more restricted, was the inappropriate sappy ending, which not only contradicted the entire thematic essence of the film but its visual essence as well.  It didn't even make any sense: the earth was supposed to be ravaged by wars.  But Hollywood, with characteristic cowardice, trembled in fear at the thought of actually challenging an audience.  Rick Deckard's fate at the end of the Director's Cut is far more memorable than the nonsense inflicted on theater viewers in 1982, and the subsequent VHS audience.  It reminds me of what Orion Pictures did to George Romero's Monkeyshines. (Since when does a Romero film end with two people grinning at each other like lovesick idiots?)  Or how about the "happy ending" grotesquely grafted onto Terry Gilliam's Brazil?Equally stupid, though less damaging in that its effect was more restricted, was the inappropriate sappy ending, which not only contradicted the entire thematic essence of the film but its visual essence as well.  It didn't even make any sense: the earth was supposed to be ravaged by wars.  But Hollywood, with characteristic cowardice, trembled in fear at the thought of actually challenging an audience.  Rick Deckard's fate at the end of the Director's Cut is far more memorable than the nonsense inflicted on theater viewers in 1982, and the subsequent VHS audience.  It reminds me of what Orion Pictures did to George Romero's Monkeyshines. (Since when does a Romero film end with two people grinning at each other like lovesick idiots?)  Or how about the "happy ending" grotesquely grafted onto Terry Gilliam's Brazil?The extra footage between Deckard and Rachael, while not extensive, enriches the characterizations, however modestly, and the brief dream sequence pays off by the end.  The only thing I regret is that the extra bloody footage - in the eye gouging and hand impaling scenes - found on the old VHS tape was not included in the Director's Cut.  Which means that this is not fully the Director's Cut: the material was left out to garner the sacred, almighty "R" rating upon the film's re-release, as it was the first time around.  One would think it would have been restored on DVD, but Warner, with their predictable spinelessness and artistic ineptitude, decided against it.  They probably rationalized it by saying to themselves that Ridley Scott would have wanted it that way.  Can anyone say "Eyes Wide Shut"?The extra footage between Deckard and Rachael, while not extensive, enriches the characterizations, however modestly, and the brief dream sequence pays off by the end.  The only thing I regret is that the extra bloody footage - in the eye gouging and hand impaling scenes - found on the old VHS tape was not included in the Director's Cut.  Which means that this is not fully the Director's Cut: the material was left out to garner the sacred, almighty "R" rating upon the film's re-release, as it was the first time around.  One would think it would have been restored on DVD, but Warner, with their predictable spinelessness and artistic ineptitude, decided against it.  They probably rationalized it by saying to themselves that Ridley Scott would have wanted it that way.  Can anyone say "Eyes Wide Shut"?The fact that there are viewers course enough to value the "theatrical cut" and loathe the improved and definitive edit of the film may only go to show that Hollywood may not be underestimating their intelligence and artistic sensitivity after all.   And "definitive" the Director's Cut is: despite the one hesitation over the missing bloody footage, there is no doubt that this is the only version of the film that should ever be viewed again, by anyone. 
 This was an excellent experience.  My movies arrived very promptly and I have had the pleasure of watching them numerous times.  Everything went well; the DVD's were still in their original wrapping and excellent condition!  I will definitely order from here again
 I really like this video because of its time (30 minutes regular with 10 min bonus segment = 40 min total) and I like the instructor.  Janice is really good, calm, cues well, doesnt talk a lot, and is not overly inspiring.  She clearly points out the person who will be doing alternative/low impact moves and then continues on.  There is nothing complicated about the moves and they are very easy to learn - no hard choreography either.  I use this w/ a compliment of other videos and it continues to be one I enjoy to return to.I really like this video because of its time (30 minutes regular with 10 min bonus segment = 40 min total) and I like the instructor.  Janice is really good, calm, cues well, doesnt talk a lot, and is not overly inspiring.  She clearly points out the person who will be doing alternative/low impact moves and then continues on.  There is nothing complicated about the moves and they are very easy to learn - no hard choreography either.  I use this w/ a compliment of other videos and it continues to be one I enjoy to return to.There are 3 segments each focusing on a different section: core, upper and lower body.  The bonus segment is a high impact/faster segment combining all elements.  There are 3 segments each focusing on a different section: core, upper and lower body.  The bonus segment is a high impact/faster segment combining all elements.  Worth the time
 An amazing film! Not only is it a fantastic adventure, but the story is well laid out. Just the right amount of special effects, great music and good actors. When seeing this movie at the theater I was not too excited, but when watching it a couple more times realized how awesome it really is. Not nearly as gory as Gladiator, but is similar in style.  5 out of 5
 I have read just about every book and watched just about every movie that there is regarding Robert Kennedy, and I've got to say that this is, by far, one of the best pieces of work I've yet to see.  The movie was brilliantly put together in a way which captures the audience's attention, allows for us to actually *feel* what Robert Kennedy is feeling, to sense the tension during chaotic times, and most importantly, to understand the wonderful man who made a huge difference for America.I have read just about every book and watched just about every movie that there is regarding Robert Kennedy, and I've got to say that this is, by far, one of the best pieces of work I've yet to see.  The movie was brilliantly put together in a way which captures the audience's attention, allows for us to actually *feel* what Robert Kennedy is feeling, to sense the tension during chaotic times, and most importantly, to understand the wonderful man who made a huge difference for America.This movie is extremely well-balanced, provides excellent insight to the inner mind/heart of Robert Kennedy, and includes many very personal excerpts either via interview or editing of films from Kennedy's life.  This movie is extremely well-balanced, provides excellent insight to the inner mind/heart of Robert Kennedy, and includes many very personal excerpts either via interview or editing of films from Kennedy's life.  If you are looking to pick one movie on Robert Kennedy - this is it.  This is THE one you want to watch.  After watching this, you will see Robert Kennedy in a way you never have before.If you are looking to pick one movie on Robert Kennedy - this is it.  This is THE one you want to watch.  After watching this, you will see Robert Kennedy in a way you never have before.
 I just finished watching most of it, and it's not too bad. The thing that most struck me is it doesn't take very long to see which were the eras for Superman that had the most influence on Bryan Singer. He spent quite a bit of time explaining how hard it was for them to get Superman started, then we're quickly through the comics and the Kirk Alyn eras, then it slows down for a long retrospective of the George Reeves years, both in Superman and the Mole Men and The Adventures of Superman, then it blows through again through the comics and the animated series of the 50s, 60s and 70s, then stops again for a lengthy study of Superman: the Movie, then briefly about Superman II, Superman III, Superman IV: The Quest for Peace and Superboy, then briefly on Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman and Superman: The Animated Series, and then we slow down again for a lengthy study of Smallville, and then it becomes a big commercial for Superman Returns. I just finished watching most of it, and it's not too bad. The thing that most struck me is it doesn't take very long to see which were the eras for Superman that had the most influence on Bryan Singer. He spent quite a bit of time explaining how hard it was for them to get Superman started, then we're quickly through the comics and the Kirk Alyn eras, then it slows down for a long retrospective of the George Reeves years, both in Superman and the Mole Men and The Adventures of Superman, then it blows through again through the comics and the animated series of the 50s, 60s and 70s, then stops again for a lengthy study of Superman: the Movie, then briefly about Superman II, Superman III, Superman IV: The Quest for Peace and Superboy, then briefly on Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman and Superman: The Animated Series, and then we slow down again for a lengthy study of Smallville, and then it becomes a big commercial for Superman Returns. Or at least that's how I perceived it. Singer's got great respect for George Reeves, Superman: The Movie (and Christopher Reeve), and Smallville ... and that's pretty much it. Most anything else, he quickly blew through as if it were completely non-consequential. Well, except for his own movie, but I expected that part; produced by Bryan Singer and narrated by Kevin Spacey, you'd have to be pretty stupid not to realize that at least a chunk of it would be dedicated to selling the new movie. I had to turn it off at that point. Not that I disliked Superman Returns, but as soon as Kevin Spacey said how the actors in Superman Returns were "perfect" for their roles and then began discussing way-too-young Kate Bosworth as Lois Lane, I started getting nausiated. Or at least that's how I perceived it. Singer's got great respect for George Reeves, Superman: The Movie (and Christopher Reeve), and Smallville ... and that's pretty much it. Most anything else, he quickly blew through as if it were completely non-consequential. Well, except for his own movie, but I expected that part; produced by Bryan Singer and narrated by Kevin Spacey, you'd have to be pretty stupid not to realize that at least a chunk of it would be dedicated to selling the new movie. I had to turn it off at that point. Not that I disliked Superman Returns, but as soon as Kevin Spacey said how the actors in Superman Returns were "perfect" for their roles and then began discussing way-too-young Kate Bosworth as Lois Lane, I started getting nausiated. I will give credit, they were remarkably honest with their assessments of the various projects. I loved it when Annette O'Toole, a self-avowed fan of the character who played Lana Lang in Superman III and Martha Kent on Smallville, expresses shock that there was actually a Superman IV ("There was a Superman IV!? I never saw that one!" - she didn't miss much); I thought it was refreshing that though they never got nasty about stuff, if a movie was a disappointment or a comic storyline flopped, they pretty much admitted it. And I liked that Ilya Salkind was willing to take some of the blame for the bad blood that happened behind the scenes of Superman: The Movie and Superman II; it reflected well on him that he didn't just blame Richard Donner, as he might have been apt to do while they were doing their fighting back in the day. I will give credit, they were remarkably honest with their assessments of the various projects. I loved it when Annette O'Toole, a self-avowed fan of the character who played Lana Lang in Superman III and Martha Kent on Smallville, expresses shock that there was actually a Superman IV ("There was a Superman IV!? I never saw that one!" - she didn't miss much); I thought it was refreshing that though they never got nasty about stuff, if a movie was a disappointment or a comic storyline flopped, they pretty much admitted it. And I liked that Ilya Salkind was willing to take some of the blame for the bad blood that happened behind the scenes of Superman: The Movie and Superman II; it reflected well on him that he didn't just blame Richard Donner, as he might have been apt to do while they were doing their fighting back in the day. But I do think it needed more balance. We didn't need to spend quite so much time watching clips of George Reeves or of seeing Christopher Reeve with his sweat stains; those moments and the stuff from Smallville could have been trimmed down nicely to give more time to other elements, perhaps more of The Animated Series/Justice League Unlimited era or to Lois and Clark. There were also some moments where they went back to talking about the comics, even though it was periods where nothing significant was happening in the comics; as if someone said, hey, we haven't acknoweledged that the comics are still in production at this point, we should say something. Thus too making the whole thing feel dry and unbalanced. But I do think it needed more balance. We didn't need to spend quite so much time watching clips of George Reeves or of seeing Christopher Reeve with his sweat stains; those moments and the stuff from Smallville could have been trimmed down nicely to give more time to other elements, perhaps more of The Animated Series/Justice League Unlimited era or to Lois and Clark. There were also some moments where they went back to talking about the comics, even though it was periods where nothing significant was happening in the comics; as if someone said, hey, we haven't acknoweledged that the comics are still in production at this point, we should say something. Thus too making the whole thing feel dry and unbalanced. BTW, I recognized a comic from my own personal collection! There's a three-panel shot at one moment where the ground is scorched into the "S" symbol, then a hand comes up out of the dirt and then Clark appears and walks off. I have that comic -- it's an alternate storyline issue, the first time they kill off Superman and in the same issue, Superman and Lois wed (and this was all long before Doomsday). It's actually a very cool story. 
 Saw the names Kathy Bates, Barry Manilow and Julie Andrews, so had to give it a view.  Best film ever.  Best lines in a film ever as well, "Julie Andrews is in the cockpit.""Thank god.""Thank god."That alone has enriched my life beyond measure
 Only the timidity of the studios could explain how this movie landed on the shelves without even a mention - It's up to word of mouth to save it. And it's certainly worth saving. Nobody does the "awakening matron" like Kathy Bates (see "Fried Green Tomatoes"), and her Grace Beasley is a delight as she finds her backbone and her voice. She needs it. Her daughter-in-law (Meredith Eaton) is an acid-tongued dwarf with no inhibitions, and Dan Ackroyd is the wettest blanket this side of the Johnstown flood. After being dumped by her husband, patronized by her son, and deprived of her grandson, Grace has no choice but to look after herself. Grace goes to England to attend the funeral of her idol - Jonathan Pryce in fine voice and having the time of his life - and meets his gay lover, Rupert Everett. After swallowing her shock, the unlikely pair returns to Chicago to track down Pryce's  murderer. The performances are all fine, the pace is feathery, the music easy on the ear...It's all whimsical and preposterous, and the kind of movie that will have you laughing out loud when you're sitting home alone...The ultimate test of a comedy. "Unconditional Love" passes the test. Enjoy it and spread the word
 I love this video.  I get up before anyone else so that I can do this video and sometimes the meditation at the end runs a little long.  It's a fantastic meditation, though, that centers me for the entire day.  Ravi Singh has a wonderful and soothing voice that leads me through the entire video and makes everything clear.  Ana Brett does the poses very clearly, and even shows easier ways for beginners to do the more difficult poses.  I have already recommended this video to friends
 This DVD is a must have for anyone interested in beginning Kundalini yoga.  The moves flow into each other easily and you can go at your own pace.  This DVD has everything: meditation, relaxation, mantras, stretching, wonderful music, beautifully narrated and professionally presented.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
 "Office Space" is a very funny comedy. Many parts of the film were a delight. In the beginning, when everyone is stalled in traffic, I knew the feeling. Working at Initech Corporation as a computer programmer makes for one dull job in the life of Peter Gibbons (Ron Livingston). Besides having a job he hates, he is enclosed in a cubicle as everyone else is. Then there is his boss Lumbergh--an arrogant jerk. Life for Peter Gibbons is just one boring day after another. That is until he decides to go see a counselor at the suggestion [and demands] of his then girlfriend."Office Space" is a very funny comedy. Many parts of the film were a delight. In the beginning, when everyone is stalled in traffic, I knew the feeling. Working at Initech Corporation as a computer programmer makes for one dull job in the life of Peter Gibbons (Ron Livingston). Besides having a job he hates, he is enclosed in a cubicle as everyone else is. Then there is his boss Lumbergh--an arrogant jerk. Life for Peter Gibbons is just one boring day after another. That is until he decides to go see a counselor at the suggestion [and demands] of his then girlfriend.While undergoing hypnotic suggestion, the psychologist dies of a heart-attack. But Peter is now a changed man. He no longer cares about his job, and says whatever's on his mind. And his boss Lumbergh gets a healthy dose of this new Peter. When Peter learns of the impending layoff [courtesy of John C. McGinley and his partner] at Initech Corporation, he decides to hatch an idea of ripping off the company with a computer virus.  His two fellow co-workers and friends are only too happy to go along: afterall, they're part of the layoff's. And on top of that, the company men want to make Peter a supervisor. While undergoing hypnotic suggestion, the psychologist dies of a heart-attack. But Peter is now a changed man. He no longer cares about his job, and says whatever's on his mind. And his boss Lumbergh gets a healthy dose of this new Peter. When Peter learns of the impending layoff [courtesy of John C. McGinley and his partner] at Initech Corporation, he decides to hatch an idea of ripping off the company with a computer virus.  His two fellow co-workers and friends are only too happy to go along: afterall, they're part of the layoff's. And on top of that, the company men want to make Peter a supervisor. This film is funny on many levels. With Jennifer Anniston as the love interest of Peter, and the character actors that make up the film--it makes for an enjoyable watch. Jennifer Anniston's character and her dealings with her boss and his "FLAIRS" are also funny. This is a highly recommended comedy. I'm sure we can all relate to some of the funny scenes that are played out in the film between Peter and his boss Lumbergh. And the character of his boss Lumbergh is delightfully hilarious: Especially the way he talks. The whole movie is very funny and wonderful. Highly recommended. 
 (3.5/5 stars) Listless beings meandering about the mall aimlessly, ashen-faced with blank stares; where is the horror in that? Sounds like a typical Sunday afternoon at the mall to me. In fact, Dawn of the Dead (1978) really does seem more like an action movie than it does a horror film. More or less picking up where "Night of the Living Dead" left off, zombies are on the hunt for prey across Pennsylvania. Four people arm themselves to the teeth with guns and other gear in order to survive the onslaught of lurching zombies. They take refuge in a shopping mall, which provides just about everything they need. They work together as a team and bond in the process of learning they need one another to endure. The walking dead are motivated by hunger alone and don't bring much in the way of strategy. It would be like shooting fish in a barrel if they weren't so tenacious. The four know they need to hurry out of there because there is talk on the TV of bombing areas of high zombie concentration. They have hope this epidemic is limited in area and that they will be able to find refuge among the living elsewhere. What does fate have in store for them? "The Night of the Living Dead" took place, obviously, at night and in the dark, which provided a much more frightening backdrop. It was also in black and white, which masked the deficiencies of the inexpensive zombie make-up. This is not the case with "Dawn of the Dead," which is in color and takes place during daylight. The "zombies" are people dressed as they normally would, but with their faces painted grey. The result is anything but scary. Tom Savini's effects are hit and miss, though always disgusting. Nonetheless, this is a decent film that features some above-par acting and a decent script. The Anchor Bay Divimax DVD is also noteworthy, with a clean transfer and DTS sound mix. An extra  star for the effort.
 Kickboxer came out a year after the highly popular "Bloodsport" and like Bloodsport, Kickboxer is no doubt a "Van Damme classic".  There are plenty of fights and lots of good training sequences, however the acting suffers - worse than Bloodsport in that department.  As for the plot - revenge - go figure.  But we don't need good acting and plot to enjoy this movie.  Hey, it came to the point a good american martial art movie strives off of bad acting and weak plots so you can focus more on the action.  Fortunately, Kickboxer delivers it well.  The movie begins with a couple of good fights right away.  About 1/2 of the movie is training sequences, but many are enjoyable to watch.  The final fight is between the villain, Tong Po (played by Michel Qissi) and Kurt Sloane (Van Damme).  Its a rather lenghty fight, about 10 minutes, which is nice.  Above all else, they fight with hands wrapped in rope with broken glass glued on, and yes the result is some blood during the fighting.  Kickboxer is the only martial art movie I know of that used this "ancient Thai style of fighting" (with the exception of Kickboxer 2 and a small scene in Ring of Fire).  I really enjoyed this.  I also enjoyed Michel Qissi.  He had maybe one line in the movie, but still succeeded in making Tong Po a great villain, who also will return in the sequal.  Lastly, we can't forget to mention the Van Damme dance - Napoleon Dynamite would be proud.  Also keep an eye out for Ong Soon Han (main villain in both Bloodsport 2 and Dragon:The Bruce Lee Story), who has a short fight against Tong Po about 1/2 way through the movie
 I have trouble saying how much I enjoyed this movie.  The plot was well worn, but it didn't feel staid or plodding.  Visually, the movie is simply stunning.  Absolutely some of the best visuals I have seen in years.  The Jim Henson company outdid themselves this time
 Maybe you've heard that "it's all been done before." Gaiman and McKean prove that wrong with this unique movie. It really is something new.Maybe you've heard that "it's all been done before." Gaiman and McKean prove that wrong with this unique movie. It really is something new.McKean has worked for years in the comic industry, defining a visual style that works at a visceral level. The style has many ways to look, depending on the combination of collaged photos and painterly fantasy. Some times McKean's work evokes sculpture in concrete or stone, other times it's a pen-scrawl of some horrible fear trying to waken. Disparate elements come together on his canvas to create a rich visual experience. I never imagined that such painterly fantasy worlds could come to life - well, I was wrong. This movie's imagery defies easy description. I can only invite you to see it for yourself, and to experience a movie that is truly like no other. The small-screen video makes me regret missingn the big-screen theater experience.McKean has worked for years in the comic industry, defining a visual style that works at a visceral level. The style has many ways to look, depending on the combination of collaged photos and painterly fantasy. Some times McKean's work evokes sculpture in concrete or stone, other times it's a pen-scrawl of some horrible fear trying to waken. Disparate elements come together on his canvas to create a rich visual experience. I never imagined that such painterly fantasy worlds could come to life - well, I was wrong. This movie's imagery defies easy description. I can only invite you to see it for yourself, and to experience a movie that is truly like no other. The small-screen video makes me regret missingn the big-screen theater experience.The sound track generally works well, too, from the surreal drone of Mrs. Bagwell's Victrola to the nightmare chant of the Jill-in-the-boxes during Helena's transformation. I'm not normally one to notice, but Mirrormask's music complements its look flawlessly.The sound track generally works well, too, from the surreal drone of Mrs. Bagwell's Victrola to the nightmare chant of the Jill-in-the-boxes during Helena's transformation. I'm not normally one to notice, but Mirrormask's music complements its look flawlessly.You didn't come here for the story: light and dark in conflict, lost mystic artifact, plucky youth, untrustworthy side-kick. The acting doesn't distinguish itself either, despite some great hissing from the evil queen and good moments from the sphinxes. Stephanie Leonidas does a good job in the Helena role, with a convincing sulky/sultry mix. If you liked the acting in the original Dr. Who series, this will rise to your highest expectations.You didn't come here for the story: light and dark in conflict, lost mystic artifact, plucky youth, untrustworthy side-kick. The acting doesn't distinguish itself either, despite some great hissing from the evil queen and good moments from the sphinxes. Stephanie Leonidas does a good job in the Helena role, with a convincing sulky/sultry mix. If you liked the acting in the original Dr. Who series, this will rise to your highest expectations.The story isn't the strength here. You'll see it and remember it for creating a look that others are sure to copy.The story isn't the strength here. You'll see it and remember it for creating a look that others are sure to copy.//wiredweir
 I'm another of those who saw this at Sundance, and all the things I enjoy about Gaiman and McKean's graphic novels were on display: the quiet humor, the intelligence, the delightful weirdness, the astounding visual vocabulary. Except that in this case, the words are spoken by good actors, and all those visuals get up off their feet and move.I'm another of those who saw this at Sundance, and all the things I enjoy about Gaiman and McKean's graphic novels were on display: the quiet humor, the intelligence, the delightful weirdness, the astounding visual vocabulary. Except that in this case, the words are spoken by good actors, and all those visuals get up off their feet and move.It's hard to describe the impact of watching a McKean painting move and talk. There might be those who quibble about the movie looking too "animated," but of course that's exactly the point: to create a world and make it dance. The end result, visually at least, is like nothing you've ever seen before, and absolutely worth seeing for that reason alone.It's hard to describe the impact of watching a McKean painting move and talk. There might be those who quibble about the movie looking too "animated," but of course that's exactly the point: to create a world and make it dance. The end result, visually at least, is like nothing you've ever seen before, and absolutely worth seeing for that reason alone.Some of the people I talked to after the screening also loved the visuals but felt the story was a bit dull, that they had seen it all before. Well, it's true that the story does wear its influences on its sleeve--a little "Alice in Wonderland" here, a little "Time Bandits" there, a lot of "Wizard of Oz" over here, not to mention a resemblance to Gaiman's own "Coraline." But I'm just as familiar with those stories as anyone else, and the resemblances never interrupted my enjoyment of "MirrorrMask"--after all, it's what you do with a story that determines its success. And from moment to moment, there was enough innovation and cleverness, enough delight and wonder, to make the movie a positive delight.Some of the people I talked to after the screening also loved the visuals but felt the story was a bit dull, that they had seen it all before. Well, it's true that the story does wear its influences on its sleeve--a little "Alice in Wonderland" here, a little "Time Bandits" there, a lot of "Wizard of Oz" over here, not to mention a resemblance to Gaiman's own "Coraline." But I'm just as familiar with those stories as anyone else, and the resemblances never interrupted my enjoyment of "MirrorrMask"--after all, it's what you do with a story that determines its success. And from moment to moment, there was enough innovation and cleverness, enough delight and wonder, to make the movie a positive delight.When the movie came out in theaters I went to see it again, and there was a little girl about six years old in the row ahead of me who sat through the whole thing with eyes agog; then a friend of mine tried to show the DVD to her young son but he got completely creeped out by the spider-thingie. (Hey, in "Wizard of Oz" the moment when the Witch appears in the crystal ball had exactly the same effect on me--yet it lingered in memory, and when I got older I was drawn back and fell in love with the movie.  That's how this stuff works.)  "MirrorMask" was probably a little too wild to be a full-out commercial success; but I bet it's going to have a long, long shelf life on DVD as people pull it out to tell their friends "Wait till you see this.
 I loved this movie. It was very touching and projected a wonderful image. It was a rare find
 Excelente concierto en el castillo Slane en IRLANDA, Bono se entrega a su publico, buen sonido, buenas imagenes, magnificos extras. LO RECOMIENDO DOS HORAS DE U
 My hat's off to Sean Penn for having the nerve to take this role, and then really committing to the role, he committed way too much though. His performance is so over the top he would have qualified for the pole vault in the Sydney Olympics merely by forwarding a copy of this DVD to the judges. Dakota Fanning is as precious as ever and I hope she can avoid all the trappings of child stardom that have sapped some of the best child actors of the last 30 years (Todd Bridges, Jill Whelan, Eve Plumb).My hat's off to Sean Penn for having the nerve to take this role, and then really committing to the role, he committed way too much though. His performance is so over the top he would have qualified for the pole vault in the Sydney Olympics merely by forwarding a copy of this DVD to the judges. Dakota Fanning is as precious as ever and I hope she can avoid all the trappings of child stardom that have sapped some of the best child actors of the last 30 years (Todd Bridges, Jill Whelan, Eve Plumb).I was not put off by all the commercial tie-ins and know that making a movie has a lot of expenses.I was not put off by all the commercial tie-ins and know that making a movie has a lot of expenses.
 I Am Sam is superb to the core.  Excellent performances across the board, and an emotionally involving story.  Sean Penn is believable as someone who is mentally challenged.  This is a veritable tour de force for him.  But not to be upstaged is Dakota Fanning, who plays opposite of Penn and is named Lucy Diamond after the hit Beatles song.  Sean Penn's character has to fight for custody of Lucy, and luckily he retains the services of a good lawyer, played by Michelle Pfeiffer, for free.  She helps him as best she can and so do some mentally challenged friends and a caring neighbor.  All in all, a very beautiful movie with plenty of heart and goodness.  One of my favorites
 This, as you may have already read, was a very intimate little show made to promote Morning View. The live footage is as good as it gets, and the sound is flawless to boot. This DVD really gives you a good idea at how amazing Incubus is live. Most all of the songs sound as if it was the band merely pretending to play while the studio version plays over the speakers. Every song is a favorite of mine, and I absolutely love the way Brandon mixed things up on Pardon Me. Plus the little comments Brandon makes in between songs is a nice little touch. I still watch this after having it over a year and find little things that I never noticed before which makes this that much more sweet. The bonus features are splendid as well. If you watched everything this DVD has to offer it would take up about 1/2 of your day probably, there's that much on here. Just a few of the extras that are crammed on here are a couple of jam sessions of various songs, Brandon recording Warning (a lot of this song is a capella), and Incubus showing how funny they really are. The original cut of the Wish You Were Here video is also on this, which is pretty humerous.This, as you may have already read, was a very intimate little show made to promote Morning View. The live footage is as good as it gets, and the sound is flawless to boot. This DVD really gives you a good idea at how amazing Incubus is live. Most all of the songs sound as if it was the band merely pretending to play while the studio version plays over the speakers. Every song is a favorite of mine, and I absolutely love the way Brandon mixed things up on Pardon Me. Plus the little comments Brandon makes in between songs is a nice little touch. I still watch this after having it over a year and find little things that I never noticed before which makes this that much more sweet. The bonus features are splendid as well. If you watched everything this DVD has to offer it would take up about 1/2 of your day probably, there's that much on here. Just a few of the extras that are crammed on here are a couple of jam sessions of various songs, Brandon recording Warning (a lot of this song is a capella), and Incubus showing how funny they really are. The original cut of the Wish You Were Here video is also on this, which is pretty humerous.A few of the best songs on here are Pardon Me, The Warmth, Warning, New Skin, and Nice To Know You. As amazing and funny as the special features are, the standout is really the performance. I can't find any words that would do this show justice. I guess you just have to see it and judge for yourself
 This is without a doubt the DVD to own if you wanna see how 5.1 should sound and how digital video should look. If you own an HD TV and have a 5.1 system you must have this. The crowd has been minimalized. Whoever directed this did a fantastic job, you get to see a little of what every member is doing throughout a song. Incubus mixes up the set list a lil too putting some old favorites in there (Glass, sounds great). This is the best concert DVD out right no
 I have read many reviews of this movie and got tired of the stupid reasons many people have to complain about this movie.  Most comments are so ridiculous, that you can easily tell they might have a deeper reason why to destroy this movie even though they know is good.  Well I hope this comments are read by the right people who are not brainless as many others.  THE MOVIE WAS FULL PACKED WITH ACTION.  THE 2 T-REX'S ATTACKING THE MAN IN THE CAR, IS JUST ONE OF THE MANY GREAT SCENES, THE STEGOSAURUS ATTACK, WAS SO GOOD, THE RAPTORS SCENES KEPT ME ATTACHED TO MY SEAT, SCENES ON THE CLIFF WERE SO GOOD, DINOSOURS LOOSED ALL OVER THE ISLAND WAS VERY INTENSE.  T-REX ON THE SAN DIEGO, ONE OF THE FAVORITE SEQUENCES FOR MANY PEOPLE.  MY FAVORITE SEQUENCES WERE ON THE ISLAND THOUGH.  THE MOVIE IS INTENSE AND FULL OF ACTION.  EXCELLENT SEQUEL IF NOT BETTER.  MAYBE SOME PEOPLE HAVE NOT NOTICED BUT ON THIS PAGE YOU CAN FIND THAT THE MOVIE WAS A TOTAL SUCCESS ON THE WHOLE WORLD WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT, IT MADE $614 MILLIONS WORLD WIDE.  ON THE OTHER SIDE, THE MOVIE WAS NOMINATE FOR:I have read many reviews of this movie and got tired of the stupid reasons many people have to complain about this movie.  Most comments are so ridiculous, that you can easily tell they might have a deeper reason why to destroy this movie even though they know is good.  Well I hope this comments are read by the right people who are not brainless as many others.  THE MOVIE WAS FULL PACKED WITH ACTION.  THE 2 T-REX'S ATTACKING THE MAN IN THE CAR, IS JUST ONE OF THE MANY GREAT SCENES, THE STEGOSAURUS ATTACK, WAS SO GOOD, THE RAPTORS SCENES KEPT ME ATTACHED TO MY SEAT, SCENES ON THE CLIFF WERE SO GOOD, DINOSOURS LOOSED ALL OVER THE ISLAND WAS VERY INTENSE.  T-REX ON THE SAN DIEGO, ONE OF THE FAVORITE SEQUENCES FOR MANY PEOPLE.  MY FAVORITE SEQUENCES WERE ON THE ISLAND THOUGH.  THE MOVIE IS INTENSE AND FULL OF ACTION.  EXCELLENT SEQUEL IF NOT BETTER.  MAYBE SOME PEOPLE HAVE NOT NOTICED BUT ON THIS PAGE YOU CAN FIND THAT THE MOVIE WAS A TOTAL SUCCESS ON THE WHOLE WORLD WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT, IT MADE $614 MILLIONS WORLD WIDE.  ON THE OTHER SIDE, THE MOVIE WAS NOMINATE FOR:OSCAR: Best Effects, Visual EffectsOSCAR: Best Effects, Visual EffectsSATURN AWARD:Best Director, Steven Spielberg; Best Fantasy Film; Best Performance by a Younger Actor/Actress, Vanessa Lee Chester; Best Special Effects, Best Supporting Actor, Pete Postlethwaite SATURN AWARD:Best Director, Steven Spielberg; Best Fantasy Film; Best Performance by a Younger Actor/Actress, Vanessa Lee Chester; Best Special Effects, Best Supporting Actor, Pete Postlethwaite Blockbuster Entertainment Award: Favorite Actor - Sci-FiJeff Goldblum; Favorite Actress - Sci-Fi, Julianne Moore Jeff Goldblum; Favorite Actress - Sci-Fi, Julianne Moore Grammy Awards: Best Instrumental Composition Written for a Motion Picture or for TelevisionGrammy Awards: Best Instrumental Composition Written for a Motion Picture or for TelevisionBETWEEN MANY OTHERS, & 3 WONS.  AFTER THIS IS SAID, I'M VERY SURE SPIELBERG IS VERY SATISFIED WITH THE RESULTS OF THIS SEQUEL.  AND YOU KNOW WHY? BECAUSE THE MOVIE WAS MADE TO ENTERTAIN AND SATISFY ALL DINOSAURS LOVERS OUT THERE, AND IT DID.  THE IS JUST FORGETTING ONCE AGAIN, HOW TO WATCH A MOVIE, GET DISCONNECTED FROM FIRST PARTS, AND WATCH THE SEQUEL AS IF IT WAS A TOTAL NEW MOVIE, AND VALUE IT FOR WHAT IT IS, AND NOT FOR WAS IS SUPPOSED TO BE, BETTER THAN THE FIRST PART.  SEQUELS ARE NOT MADE TO OVERPASS THE SUCCESS OF THE FIRST PART, THEY'RE MADE TO GIVE YOU MORE, OF WHAT THEY KNOW FOR SURE YOU ENJOY ON THE ORIGINAL MOVIE, BUT BECAUSE OF THE TIME ISSUE, WAS NOT INCLUDED ON THE FIRST ONE.  GO GET THEM ALL 3 AND WATCH ALL AS IF IT WAS JUST ONE MOVIE, AND THEN THINK, IF IS REALLY BAD.  I KNOW FOR SURE THAT MILLIONS OF PEOPLE, WHO SAW THE MOVIE AROUND THE WORLD, THOUGHT THE SAME I DID: EXCELLENT MOVIE!!!!        
 "Hello Vietnam,and greetings!",says Bruno Kirby as Lt. Steven Hauk in one scene of this film. It was this scene where he filled in for radio personality Adrian Cronauer(Robin Williams) who was on reportedly on special assignment. Adrian arrives in Vietnam from America via aircraft. At first the military brass was delighted to have him grace the Vietnam radio airwaves. But they discover that Adrian's brand of humor is outrageous,very much like Howard Stern in real life. They also disagree with the rock 'n roll music he is playing. Hey,this was(set in) 1965 and rock 'n roll was dominating the music world especially with The Beatles and The Rolling Stones from the United Kingdom. When Adrian and Lt. Hauk first met,the lieutenant told Adrian that he was sort of a comedian himself. When the lieutenant first heard Adrian on the air,the lieutenant was not pleased at all with Adrian's stint. "You oughta stick to playing 'normal modes of music',not wild stuff",Lt. Hauk told Adrian in a meeting. The 'normal modes of music' refer to easy listening artists like Andy Williams,Perry Como,Mantovani,Jim Nabors,Lawrence Welk,Frank Sinatra and Percy Faith. "Would Bob Dylan be out of line?",Adrian asks Lt. Hauk and the lieutenant replies,"Way,way,way out of line!". Adrian becomes popular with the fighting men in Vietnam and they hoped that Adrian would permanently do his morning show there. The brass decides to suspend Adrian,bringing heartbreak to fans. When Lt. Hauk did his stint,many listeners wrote and telephoned about how they wanted Adrian back on the air. One listener said in a letter,"Captain Hauk sucks the sweat off a dead man's balls." Another wrote to Lt. Hauk,"You suck,eat a bag of s--t!". So Adrian is back on the air but not for long because Sgt. Dickerson(the late J.T. Walsh),the top man of the brass,demanded that Adrian be cancelled. Sgt. Dickerson's superior loves Adrian and even demanded his reinstatement. Sgt. Dickerson is transferred to Guam since his superior grew tired of the seargeant's abusive attitude. The title of this film is how Adrian began his morning show. On the very last show done by Adrian's friend Lt. Ed Garlick(Forrest Whittaker),Ed began the show saying,"Good morning,Vietnam",just like Adrian. Ed tells listeners about Adrian's departure from Vietnam. We hear Adrian saying,"Goodbye,Vietnam" in a pre-recorded message. Adrian also left Vietnam because of his association with a criminal who's the brother of a Vietnamese woman Adrian befriended. Other funny scenes include Adrian teaching the Vietnamese how to use profanity,Adrian doing a parody of the late Richard M. Nixon on the air and Adrian doing a live performance for a group of fighting soldiers while they were in a parked truck enroute to a battlefield. This film was a megahit for both Williams and director Barry Levinson. They were both at least nominated for Academy Awards. Levinson did win a Best Director Oscar for his next film,RAIN MAN. This film was released theatrically in late 1987 just like THREE MEN AND A BABY. Both films were made by Touchstone Pictures,a division of Buena Vista Pictures. THREE MEN AND A BABY was a megahit as well. Both films were still in theatres by spring 1988. THREE MEN AND A BABY inspired a sequel,why didn't GMV? Obviously nobody had any ideas,not even Mitch Markowitz who composed the screenplay
 I remember seeing this film when I was 7 or 8 years old and it scared me senseless.  Seeing people getting their heads chopped off and mutalated from who knows what that flies around a big city gave me an uneasy eerie feeling.  I didn't know what the name of this movie was and I was looking for it in the video stores.  I stumbled onto this accidentally and taking my chances of this being the dragon in the sky killing people movie that I saw 20 years ago, I bought it. After seeing it again, this is the movie that scared me to death so many years ago.  Though, by today's standards, this movie is rather cheap and cheesy, it still gave me that uneasy eerie feeling.  This movie is original, having a flying dragon that is summoned by ritual killings, that eats people like birds eat worms.  This movie is a hybrid of Godzilla and slasher flicks.  This is definately B-movie material, but it's fun to watch and brings back some childhood memories... and that is worth more than the price of admission
 I bought this for my husband, because I knew he liked Seven Samurai. He was delighted with the gift, and I was surprised to find that I really like these movies too. They are entertaining and insightful and a pleasure to watch
 The greatest show ever to hit T.V. You will never know what happens next on this show and that is one of the many elements that make this show great,It always keeps you guessing and wanting more.C.T.U(Counter Terrorist Unit) and C.T.U operative Jack Bauer(Keifer Sutherland)try and stop terrorist threats all within 24 hours which is in real time. What I like about this show is that Keifer Sutherlands character Jack Bauer is not afraid to do what ever it takes to stop a terrorist threat even if it is going against C.T.U or the President. Another great aspect of the show is they are not afraid to kill off main characters that you grow to love on the show, so you will never now what is going to happen next which keeps you wanting more. You still reading, stop and go buy the first season right now. Hell, buy all 4 right now thats how good it is
 What a splendid teacher is this! A soothing, captivating movie. The students are most endearing.I found it interesting that, in the special features interview with the guy who made this movie, he refers to the teacher as "the teacher" and not by his name, Georges Lopes. This moviemaker appears to be of the opinion that there are a lot of teachers who could have filled this role as well, or nearly as well. Well let me tell you, he is wrong. This teacher is special. There are not very many teachers as patient and diplomatic and considerate on this entire planet as Georges Lopez
 I really bought this DVD on a whim.  There is no question why this production won an Emmy.  "One Voice" the very last song in the concert is worth the price of DVD.  Seriously stunning
 If you love Manilow, you will enjoy this dvd of a great entertainer. All the old hits plus  many new ones.This dvd is almost like being there
 Tim Burton's "Ed Wood," a surreal bio-pic is one of the most entertaining, inspiring, and funny bio-pics I've seen. No wonder really since it's directed by one of the best directors around and written by two of the best bio-pic writers Scott Alexander & Larry Karaszewski (who, after this film, would pen the Larry Flynt bio-pic "The People Vs. Larry Flynt" and the Andy Kaufman bio-pic "Man on the Moon"). It's also got an amazing cast of actors, including Oscar nominee Johnny Depp (Best Actor, 'Finding Neverland'), Oscar winner Martin Landau (Best Supporting Actor, 'Ed Wood'), Sarah Jessica Parker ('Failure to Launch'), Patricia Arquette ('True Romance'), Jeffrey Jones ('Deadwood'), and Oscar nominee Bill Murray(Best Actor, 'Lost in Translation'). Depp plays Edward D. Wood Jr., an aspiring filmmaker who's down on his luck and lives with his girlfriend Dolores Fuller (Parker). After hearing about a film being made about a transsexual, without a script, Ed pens a script called "Glen or Glenda."The movie is kind of close to Ed's heart, because Ed likes to dress in woman's clothes. But he's not gay. While walking past a shop that sells coffins Ed meets the actor Bela Lugosi (Landau), who played Dracula in the classic Universal film and recruits him to star in the Glen or Glenda film. The movie immediately bombs and is called one of the worst films ever made. Not letting it get him down, Ed goes to work on his next film "Bride of the Atom." After a few more films and meeting a few new people, including wrestler Tor Johnson (George "The Animal" Steele), TV personality Vampira (Lisa Marie), and psychic Criswell (Jones); Ed goes on to make his masterpiece "Plan 9 From Outer Space." The latter is the only film I've ever seen by Ed Wood. While the movie has been called the worst film ever made, it wasn't bad. It's campy and stupid; You can definitely see why it would be considered bad back then, but it was entertaining and fun to watch. Ed Wood was an interesting, and quirky, guy...Which Tim Burton makes perfectly clear here and Depp does a great job bringing Wood to life. Martin Landau gives his finest performance as Bela Lugosi, he disappears behind the persona. He looks and sounds like Lugosi. Another thing I liked about the film was that it shows us the bright time in Ed Wood's life, through his first film to his "masterpiece." We hear the downside of his life through the epilogue. This movie is, in the end, a loving tribute to "B" movies that is over-the-top yet perfect. As I said, the movie is very funny. Especially, Landau who gets some of the best lines as Lugosi. Bill Murray co-stars as Ed's transsexual friend Bunny.The movie is kind of close to Ed's heart, because Ed likes to dress in woman's clothes. But he's not gay. While walking past a shop that sells coffins Ed meets the actor Bela Lugosi (Landau), who played Dracula in the classic Universal film and recruits him to star in the Glen or Glenda film. The movie immediately bombs and is called one of the worst films ever made. Not letting it get him down, Ed goes to work on his next film "Bride of the Atom." After a few more films and meeting a few new people, including wrestler Tor Johnson (George "The Animal" Steele), TV personality Vampira (Lisa Marie), and psychic Criswell (Jones); Ed goes on to make his masterpiece "Plan 9 From Outer Space." The latter is the only film I've ever seen by Ed Wood. While the movie has been called the worst film ever made, it wasn't bad. It's campy and stupid; You can definitely see why it would be considered bad back then, but it was entertaining and fun to watch. Ed Wood was an interesting, and quirky, guy...Which Tim Burton makes perfectly clear here and Depp does a great job bringing Wood to life. Martin Landau gives his finest performance as Bela Lugosi, he disappears behind the persona. He looks and sounds like Lugosi. Another thing I liked about the film was that it shows us the bright time in Ed Wood's life, through his first film to his "masterpiece." We hear the downside of his life through the epilogue. This movie is, in the end, a loving tribute to "B" movies that is over-the-top yet perfect. As I said, the movie is very funny. Especially, Landau who gets some of the best lines as Lugosi. Bill Murray co-stars as Ed's transsexual friend Bunny.GRADE: A-
 What can I say..."The Humbler"..kinda says it all...just watch him play.Looks easy ya say??I've been playing now for 30 years...still wish I could play like that!!Very "down to Earth" video reveals quite alot of ideas and licks...                   ......Have fu
 This movie sounded stupid when I first heard about it. Who could make a 2 hour movie based on stripping at a club and have it make sense? Obviously, Ice Cube could. This movie stars LisaRaye in her film debut as Diana, who is known to the stripping world as Diamond, a hardworking college student who needs a better way to pay to get herself through school. While working at a shoe store, she meets Trixie (Adele Givens) and Ronnie (Chrystale Wilson). They convince her into quitting her low-paying job and working at The Player's Club, a run down joint owned by a lowlife loser named Dollar Bill (Bernie Mac). When Diana's cousin Ebony (Monica Calhoun) comes into town, she tells Diana that she wants to work at the player's club. Ebony gets caught up in this world and is drowning in the lows of "using what you've got to get what you want". This movie is a thrill ride and the fight scene towards the end is the best part of the movie. Featured in the movie are Jamix Foxx, A.J. Johnson, and John Amos. The plot is perfect and the script is well written. This movie has to be one of my favorite
  I don't think so, be it in the jungle, a New York high rise or at sea. Hepburn & Tracy were great, no argument. But they were so modern & urbane, not rowdy & sexy, always fighting like Harlow & Gable. China Seas is a fine example of this chemistry.  Yeah, & its a pretty good story too. Gable is Capt. Gaskell, skipper of a passenger/merchant ship running from Hong Kong to Singapore. Harlow is the floozie, Dolly, he had a fling with on shore. The ship is carrying gold. There is a terrific typhoon, & a pirate raid in which the ship is seized for a while. They torture the Captain, but he doesn't reveal where the gold is. Dolly is mixed up in a conspiracy with a crewman, Wallace  Berry, against the Captain because she is mad at him. She of course changes her mind. The Captain is trying to ditch Dolly & thinks he's meant for Lady Sybil, played by Rosalind Russell, an old flame. But he & Dolly really are in love. Unfortunately the collaborations between Harlow & Gable was cut short at five movies with Harlow untimely & early death several years later.   I don't think so, be it in the jungle, a New York high rise or at sea. Hepburn & Tracy were great, no argument. But they were so modern & urbane, not rowdy & sexy, always fighting like Harlow & Gable. China Seas is a fine example of this chemistry.  Yeah, & its a pretty good story too. Gable is Capt. Gaskell, skipper of a passenger/merchant ship running from Hong Kong to Singapore. Harlow is the floozie, Dolly, he had a fling with on shore. The ship is carrying gold. There is a terrific typhoon, & a pirate raid in which the ship is seized for a while. They torture the Captain, but he doesn't reveal where the gold is. Dolly is mixed up in a conspiracy with a crewman, Wallace  Berry, against the Captain because she is mad at him. She of course changes her mind. The Captain is trying to ditch Dolly & thinks he's meant for Lady Sybil, played by Rosalind Russell, an old flame. But he & Dolly really are in love. Unfortunately the collaborations between Harlow & Gable was cut short at five movies with Harlow untimely & early death several years later.   I don't think so, be it in the jungle, a New York high rise or at sea. Hepburn & Tracy were great, no argument. But they were so modern & urbane, not rowdy & sexy, always fighting like Harlow & Gable. China Seas is a fine example of this chemistry.  Yeah, & its a pretty good story too. Gable is Capt. Gaskell, skipper of a passenger/merchant ship running from Hong Kong to Singapore. Harlow is the floozie, Dolly, he had a fling with on shore. The ship is carrying gold. There is a terrific typhoon, & a pirate raid in which the ship is seized for a while. They torture the Captain, but he doesn't reveal where the gold is. Dolly is mixed up in a conspiracy with a crewman, Wallace  Berry, against the Captain because she is mad at him. She of course changes her mind. The Captain is trying to ditch Dolly & thinks he's meant for Lady Sybil, played by Rosalind Russell, an old flame. But he & Dolly really are in love. Unfortunately the collaborations between Harlow & Gable was cut short at five movies with Harlow untimely & early death several years later.   I don't think so, be it in the jungle, a New York high rise or at sea. Hepburn & Tracy were great, no argument. But they were so modern & urbane, not rowdy & sexy, always fighting like Harlow & Gable. China Seas is a fine example of this chemistry.  Yeah, & its a pretty good story too. Gable is Capt. Gaskell, skipper of a passenger/merchant ship running from Hong Kong to Singapore. Harlow is the floozie, Dolly, he had a fling with on shore. The ship is carrying gold. There is a terrific typhoon, & a pirate raid in which the ship is seized for a while. They torture the Captain, but he doesn't reveal where the gold is. Dolly is mixed up in a conspiracy with a crewman, Wallace  Berry, against the Captain because she is mad at him. She of course changes her mind. The Captain is trying to ditch Dolly & thinks he's meant for Lady Sybil, played by Rosalind Russell, an old flame. But he & Dolly really are in love. Unfortunately the collaborations between Harlow & Gable was cut short at five movies with Harlow untimely & early death several years later.   I don't think so, be it in the jungle, a New York high rise or at sea. Hepburn & Tracy were great, no argument. But they were so modern & urbane, not rowdy & sexy, always fighting like Harlow & Gable. China Seas is a fine example of this chemistry.  Yeah, & its a pretty good story too. Gable is Capt. Gaskell, skipper of a passenger/merchant ship running from Hong Kong to Singapore. Harlow is the floozie, Dolly, he had a fling with on shore. The ship is carrying gold. There is a terrific typhoon, & a pirate raid in which the ship is seized for a while. They torture the Captain, but he doesn't reveal where the gold is. Dolly is mixed up in a conspiracy with a crewman, Wallace  Berry, against the Captain because she is mad at him. She of course changes her mind. The Captain is trying to ditch Dolly & thinks he's meant for Lady Sybil, played by Rosalind Russell, an old flame. But he & Dolly really are in love. Unfortunately the collaborations between Harlow & Gable was cut short at five movies with Harlow untimely & early death several years later.   I don't think so, be it in the jungle, a New York high rise or at sea. Hepburn & Tracy were great, no argument. But they were so modern & urbane, not rowdy & sexy, always fighting like Harlow & Gable. China Seas is a fine example of this chemistry.  Yeah, & its a pretty good story too. Gable is Capt. Gaskell, skipper of a passenger/merchant ship running from Hong Kong to Singapore. Harlow is the floozie, Dolly, he had a fling with on shore. The ship is carrying gold. There is a terrific typhoon, & a pirate raid in which the ship is seized for a while. They torture the Captain, but he doesn't reveal where the gold is. Dolly is mixed up in a conspiracy with a crewman, Wallace  Berry, against the Captain because she is mad at him. She of course changes her mind. The Captain is trying to ditch Dolly & thinks he's meant for Lady Sybil, played by Rosalind Russell, an old flame. But he & Dolly really are in love. Unfortunately the collaborations between Harlow & Gable was cut short at five movies with Harlow untimely & early death several years later.   I don't think so, be it in the jungle, a New York high rise or at sea. Hepburn & Tracy were great, no argument. But they were so modern & urbane, not rowdy & sexy, always fighting like Harlow & Gable. China Seas is a fine example of this chemistry.  Yeah, & its a pretty good story too. Gable is Capt. Gaskell, skipper of a passenger/merchant ship running from Hong Kong to Singapore. Harlow is the floozie, Dolly, he had a fling with on shore. The ship is carrying gold. There is a terrific typhoon, & a pirate raid in which the ship is seized for a while. They torture the Captain, but he doesn't reveal where the gold is. Dolly is mixed up in a conspiracy with a crewman, Wallace  Berry, against the Captain because she is mad at him. She of course changes her mind. The Captain is trying to ditch Dolly & thinks he's meant for Lady Sybil, played by Rosalind Russell, an old flame. But he & Dolly really are in love. Unfortunately the collaborations between Harlow & Gable was cut short at five movies with Harlow untimely & early death several years later.   I don't think so, be it in the jungle, a New York high rise or at sea. Hepburn & Tracy were great, no argument. But they were so modern & urbane, not rowdy & sexy, always fighting like Harlow & Gable. China Seas is a fine example of this chemistry.  Yeah, & its a pretty good story too. Gable is Capt. Gaskell, skipper of a passenger/merchant ship running from Hong Kong to Singapore. Harlow is the floozie, Dolly, he had a fling with on shore. The ship is carrying gold. There is a terrific typhoon, & a pirate raid in which the ship is seized for a while. They torture the Captain, but he doesn't reveal where the gold is. Dolly is mixed up in a conspiracy with a crewman, Wallace  Berry, against the Captain because she is mad at him. She of course changes her mind. The Captain is trying to ditch Dolly & thinks he's meant for Lady Sybil, played by Rosalind Russell, an old flame. But he & Dolly really are in love. Unfortunately the collaborations between Harlow & Gable was cut short at five movies with Harlow untimely & early death several years later.      
 Let me clear this up....if you are a true exercise fanatic, this dvd is for you.  I've done every dvd exercise program including Taebo and this ranks in my top 2.  Taebo is awesome for the cardio but when it comes down to muscle tone, this dvd is tops.  The background music and background exercise people are the least of my worries, you have to concentrate on the exercises she does to TONE YOUR BODY!!!  These exercises are an all over workout.  My favorite part is the 20 minute arm workout, my arms never looked so good!! She works the hell out of you and it took me a few times to get through it but if you want to tone up and get in shape, just put in this DVD and be prepared to SWEAT!!!
 Cameron Crowe, Rene Zelleweger, Cuba Gooding and Tom Cruise were all at the top of their game. The superlative fluidity and cinematic thrill of this successful feature was facilitated by experienced actors in sync, and guaranteed by superb production and studio crafts. A timeless classic - In a class of its own.
 Oh my god this has to be the best film i have EVER seen in my life. First things first, how did they train that monkey, he is as clever as einstein. My pal Mickso said its just a guy in a suit but that son of a gun isn't fooling me clap! clap! clap! well done mr monkey! Anyways i'd highly recommend this film.....and joining a stamp collecting club, they've both changed my life forever, in fact i hope to grow up to be a stamp collecting monkey actor....... with as many casio watches as i can eat.  This is Kevin Kennedy signing out dudes ;o
 I remember watching Anne of Green Gables when I was a little girl with my sister, over and over again. Laughing everytime Anne broke her slate on Gilberts head, or when she accidently dyed her hair green, or when she waxes poetic about her "bosom friend". It made me smile and laugh then and still does now as a 25 year old. I would recommend this movie for anyone young or old. It is a beautiful heartwarming movie, with gorgeous scenery, unforgettable characters, and plenty of moments to laugh and cry
 It's a ritual for my 5 year ld daughter and her dad to watch Samurai Jack before bed. Back when she was 3, and it was played on Cartoon Network, they made sure to watch it together. Now that Cartoon Network is retarded and they don't play it anymore, I've bought Seasons 1 and 2. I just wish it was played on Cartoon Network like it used to be. ...Jill Henrichse
 Marc Singer is a bloke from England who moved to New York City, saw all these homeless sleeping on the streets, and became friends with them.  They in turn trusted him, accepted him as one of their own, and showed him their secret living quarters.  Deep underground in abandoned train tunnels, the homeless erected huts out of anything scavenged off the streets.  Intelligent and resourceful, they had hooked up to free electricity and had working TV's and stoves.Marc Singer is a bloke from England who moved to New York City, saw all these homeless sleeping on the streets, and became friends with them.  They in turn trusted him, accepted him as one of their own, and showed him their secret living quarters.  Deep underground in abandoned train tunnels, the homeless erected huts out of anything scavenged off the streets.  Intelligent and resourceful, they had hooked up to free electricity and had working TV's and stoves.What makes this documentary five stars instead of four is the making of documentary.  Only there do you learn that the movie crew WERE the tunnel folks.  Only there do you learn how Singer made this movie with no money, equipment, or knowledge of filmmaking.  This movie took six years from start to finish.  Unfortunately, it was not the financial success its producers hoped for.  But it resonates unbelievably.  What makes this documentary five stars instead of four is the making of documentary.  Only there do you learn that the movie crew WERE the tunnel folks.  Only there do you learn how Singer made this movie with no money, equipment, or knowledge of filmmaking.  This movie took six years from start to finish.  Unfortunately, it was not the financial success its producers hoped for.  But it resonates unbelievably.  The deleted scenes are not to be missed, although some are much better than others.  The one where a man talks about how his cousin killed a cat for food, and the scene where two young men talk in X-rated detail about recent sexual activities lent nothing to the film
 Another reviewer has said that 5 stars are not enough for this film.  I'll second that opinion.  Another reviewer has said that 5 stars are not enough for this film.  I'll second that opinion.  If you have seen the remake with Michael Douglas, pretend you haven't and watch the way it SHOULD be done.  If you've seen neither version of the film, get this one and get ready for anything.  If you have seen the remake with Michael Douglas, pretend you haven't and watch the way it SHOULD be done.  If you've seen neither version of the film, get this one and get ready for anything.  This is above all a classically sarcastic farce between two misfits who have amazing chemistry together.  Both Peter Falk and Alan Arkin are marvelous craftsmen, and their combination of silliness and genuine rolicking humor is blended in an almost non-stop pace from beginning to end.  Again (as I've said in other of my reviews), minor characters are important.  Ed Begley as the CIA boss adds weight and color to that aspect of the plot, and Richard Libertini as the South American dictator (I've never seen him play a sane character) adds another kind of raucous fun.This is above all a classically sarcastic farce between two misfits who have amazing chemistry together.  Both Peter Falk and Alan Arkin are marvelous craftsmen, and their combination of silliness and genuine rolicking humor is blended in an almost non-stop pace from beginning to end.  Again (as I've said in other of my reviews), minor characters are important.  Ed Begley as the CIA boss adds weight and color to that aspect of the plot, and Richard Libertini as the South American dictator (I've never seen him play a sane character) adds another kind of raucous fun.This is a comedy for anyone who appreciates true comedy.  And if you meet anybody who has seen the film, just scream, "Surpentine! Surpentine!" and watch them fall apart
 This comedy starring (Martin Short), and (Kurt Russell) is pretty funny. When I first watched it, I wasn't really impressed with it, but now I find it pretty funny. I think that (Kurt Russell), as Captain Ron was pretty funny. However, it was the antics of (Martin Short), who hires Captain Ron to sail his ship in the Caribbean, that was the funniest character in the film. The story begins when a relative of (Short) dies, leaving him a ship, which is moored at a small Caribbean island. The wife (Mary Kay Place) who is not too pleased at going to the island, decides to go along with this mid-life crises of (Short); on condition that an experienced sailsman help them with the boat.This comedy starring (Martin Short), and (Kurt Russell) is pretty funny. When I first watched it, I wasn't really impressed with it, but now I find it pretty funny. I think that (Kurt Russell), as Captain Ron was pretty funny. However, it was the antics of (Martin Short), who hires Captain Ron to sail his ship in the Caribbean, that was the funniest character in the film. The story begins when a relative of (Short) dies, leaving him a ship, which is moored at a small Caribbean island. The wife (Mary Kay Place) who is not too pleased at going to the island, decides to go along with this mid-life crises of (Short); on condition that an experienced sailsman help them with the boat.Enter Captain Ron (Kurt Russell). He is a very strange and quirky fellow, to the uptight and anxious (Martin Short). However, since (Short) knows nearly nothing about boating, he decides to hire Captain Ron on the suggestion and recommendation of the man who is interested in buying the boat. Therefore, Captain Ron, who is not very bright to begin with, leads the family [including Short's two children] on a cruise through the Caribbean: And he is a very eccentric character. Harmless, but funny. What ensues is a funny interaction between (Short) and (Russell) on their voyage. Including a scene where (Russell) warns (Short) not to stray from one particular islands path, due to Guerilla's on the island. Which (Short) interpets as Gorilla's. A very funny scene. Recommended, it is a family watch that your children can enjoy
 Judy Garland, Marlena Deitrich, Shirley Bassey, and Marilyn Monroe are L.V.'s (short for Little Voice) best friends in the world!  On 33 1/3 LP's, that is!Judy Garland, Marlena Deitrich, Shirley Bassey, and Marilyn Monroe are L.V.'s (short for Little Voice) best friends in the world!  On 33 1/3 LP's, that is!L.V. Hoff, played specactularly by Absolutely Fabulous' Miss Jane Horrocks, is a timid, shy, mousy young girl who cloisters herself in her bedroom day after day and plays her dear, dead father's record collection over and over again.  You see, L.V. and her boisterous, overbearing, abusive pig of a mother, Mari played wonderfully by the great Brenda Blethyn live above the family business, Hoff Records.L.V. Hoff, played specactularly by Absolutely Fabulous' Miss Jane Horrocks, is a timid, shy, mousy young girl who cloisters herself in her bedroom day after day and plays her dear, dead father's record collection over and over again.  You see, L.V. and her boisterous, overbearing, abusive pig of a mother, Mari played wonderfully by the great Brenda Blethyn live above the family business, Hoff Records.Enter telephone men George and Billy, (Philip Jackson & Ewan McGregor). They install Mari's first phone in the Hoff's small flat.  Billy is a backward chap himself with only his homing pigeons as friends but once he meets L.V., he is smitten and so is she.Enter telephone men George and Billy, (Philip Jackson & Ewan McGregor). They install Mari's first phone in the Hoff's small flat.  Billy is a backward chap himself with only his homing pigeons as friends but once he meets L.V., he is smitten and so is she.Mari, always on the lookout for a new beau, finds one in talent producer, Ray Say, played by a great Michael Caine.  So great, in fact that Michael was nominated for an Oscar for his performance of the producer/womanizer/lothario Mr. Ray Say. After Ray hears L.V. singing in her upstairs bedroom he knows he has found a star and pawns everything he owns to make money and exploit L.V.'s singing talent.Mari, always on the lookout for a new beau, finds one in talent producer, Ray Say, played by a great Michael Caine.  So great, in fact that Michael was nominated for an Oscar for his performance of the producer/womanizer/lothario Mr. Ray Say. After Ray hears L.V. singing in her upstairs bedroom he knows he has found a star and pawns everything he owns to make money and exploit L.V.'s singing talent.L.V. debuts at Mr. Boo's (Jim Broadbent) variety club but gets a terrible case of stage fright and ends up being "booed" off the stage.L.V. debuts at Mr. Boo's (Jim Broadbent) variety club but gets a terrible case of stage fright and ends up being "booed" off the stage.Of course, Ray wants L.V. to try again so under the influence of Ray, Mari and her friend Sadie, played by Annette Badland, L.V. agrees to do one more show.  L.V. is a HIT with her impersonations of all her and her father's favorite singers and actors. Ray makes a BOATLOAD of money, wants L.V. to come away with him, Mari gets jealous and lots of other crazy things happen with a shocker of an ending that you won't forget!Of course, Ray wants L.V. to try again so under the influence of Ray, Mari and her friend Sadie, played by Annette Badland, L.V. agrees to do one more show.  L.V. is a HIT with her impersonations of all her and her father's favorite singers and actors. Ray makes a BOATLOAD of money, wants L.V. to come away with him, Mari gets jealous and lots of other crazy things happen with a shocker of an ending that you won't forget!This movie was adapted from the stage play of the same name that was written especially for Jane Horrocks in mind as Little Voice.   I don't understand how Miss Horrocks was passed over for an Oscar nomination herself.  She is splendid in this film as is the whole cast of characters.This movie was adapted from the stage play of the same name that was written especially for Jane Horrocks in mind as Little Voice.   I don't understand how Miss Horrocks was passed over for an Oscar nomination herself.  She is splendid in this film as is the whole cast of characters.Highly Recommended and Happy Watching!                                           
 Is it a bad thing to see a movie and deem it good by standards different from which you would judge other movies? Let me explain. Broken Hearts Club is a good movie. A little corny and certainly more than a little predictable. It doesn't really do anything new. BUT, for a semi-mainstream gay film, it breaks all the rules. it breaks all the rules. Breeder hunks play femme gay men. There is no one with AIDS in the whole story. There are butch gay men in this movie. And no, none of the gay men has a best friend who is a single, white, straight female. Can you handle it? Breeder hunks play femme gay men. There is no one with AIDS in the whole story. There are butch gay men in this movie. And no, none of the gay men has a best friend who is a single, white, straight female. Can you handle it? The movie is entertaining. The plot is sweet. The best part of the film is the style in which it is broken up. Ala' the television show Frasier, the movie is split into sections by definitions flashed on screen to help explain the next scene. The best definition has to do with 'meanwhile'. 'Meanwhile' being the gay term to tell your friend when an attractive male walks by. being the gay term to tell your friend when an attractive male walks by. And the movie itself is filled with 'meanwhiles.' Dean Cain looks especially nice in this film and pulls off the character of a pretty boy with ease. Go figure. John Frasier leaves his comfortable role of an ex-cop on Frasier to be the father-figure of this group of friends and the coach of their softball team. Andrew Keegan is the newbie of the group- recently outed gay man. Finally, Kerr Smith, who has been playing a gay character on Dawson's Creek for some time, play the token gay character on a softball team of macho, testosterone-oozing fireman
 For every season, there is a classic movie.  In our house, "A Christmas Story" tops the list when Christmas rolls around.  Without a doubt this movie is a classic!  Ralphie and his quest for the Red Ryder BB gun -- I do love this movie.
 Awesome College Movie.  My only regret is that I did not see this movie during my college years.  Alas, they have the DVD now!Awesome College Movie.  My only regret is that I did not see this movie during my college years.  Alas, they have the DVD now!Yay!
 Based on the early-movie cliffhangers he used to watch in theaters, George Lucas created something special: a re-invention of the entire adventure genre. These films waited a long time to make their bow on DVD, much too long for myself, personally. I always loved these films, they had everything to keep your attention riveted all the time. Each of the three films is very different from the others. "Raiders of the Lost Ark", the first and best of the three, introduces us to Indiana Jones, perhaps Lucas's greatest creation. Premiering in 1981, this film was a smash, also receiving an oscar nomination for best picture. Also starring was Karen Allen, perhaps the most even-matched female co-star for Harrisan Ford. It seemed she could give as good she got, and never backed down in any scene. Second was "The Temple of Doom", easily the darkest of the three, and the most intensely exciting. This film is a non-stop thrill ride from start to finish, and doesn't really bother to delve too deeply into personal relationships or charactor. The third film, "The Last Crusade", is possibly the most balanced in terms of plot and charactor, and has the wonderful Sean Connery to steal every scene he's in. The interaction between Indy and Mr. Jones is wonderful. If anyone was to ever play Indiana Jones' father, it was Sean Connery. The forth disc in the set is nothing but bonus features, which are almost as entertaining as the films themselves. These films waited far too long to be released to DVD, and I lay the blame squarely on George Lucas. I've heard he really didn't think DVD would take off like it did, that it was just a phase. It's great he finally realized his mistake and released these fine movies for everyone to enjoy. As with his "Star Wars" trilogy, the Indiana Jones films are cinematic history and should be required for all DVD collections
 I saw this on PBS' Great Performances.  This documentary is about film genius Akira Kurosawa.  The documentary charts  Akira Kurosawa's early life in pre-WWII Japan to the end of his life.  Kurosawa brought Japanese cinema to a world wide audience. I recommend this DVD for anyone who is a Akira Kurosawa fan.  Plus the DVD has 100 minutes of bonus interview footage not seen on the PBS program and Kurosawa filmography
 Dietrich Bonhoeffer is one of the religious figures who have most influenced my own spiritual journey.  His books are unique among serious theologians in that he never forgets at any point that his subjects are never abstract doctrinal issues, but practical issues of the greatest moment.  There is a great line in Kierkegaard, in the preface to THE SICKNESS UNTO DEATH, where he writes:  "Everything essentially Christian must have in its presentation a resemblance to the way a physician speaks at the sickbed; even if only medical experts understand it, it must never be forgotten that the situation is the bedside of a sick person."  What gives his books so much power is the context in which he wrote them, as he struggled to live out the implications of Christianity at a time when it was especially challenging to do so.Dietrich Bonhoeffer is one of the religious figures who have most influenced my own spiritual journey.  His books are unique among serious theologians in that he never forgets at any point that his subjects are never abstract doctrinal issues, but practical issues of the greatest moment.  There is a great line in Kierkegaard, in the preface to THE SICKNESS UNTO DEATH, where he writes:  "Everything essentially Christian must have in its presentation a resemblance to the way a physician speaks at the sickbed; even if only medical experts understand it, it must never be forgotten that the situation is the bedside of a sick person."  What gives his books so much power is the context in which he wrote them, as he struggled to live out the implications of Christianity at a time when it was especially challenging to do so.Bonhoeffer was in so many ways a paradox and the documentary does a great job of showing this.  Raised in a secular home, he inexplicably decided to become a theologian and pastor.  At a time when a host of right wing movements were overtaking Germany, he espoused left wing political and social values.  In an age of growing intolerance, he expressed a sympathy and understanding of both Jews and blacks almost unprecedented in the Germany of his time.  And in an age when many theologians wrote academic works with little regard to how they should connect with real life, Bonhoeffer was obsessed with the connections between thought and practice.  Bonhoeffer was in so many ways a paradox and the documentary does a great job of showing this.  Raised in a secular home, he inexplicably decided to become a theologian and pastor.  At a time when a host of right wing movements were overtaking Germany, he espoused left wing political and social values.  In an age of growing intolerance, he expressed a sympathy and understanding of both Jews and blacks almost unprecedented in the Germany of his time.  And in an age when many theologians wrote academic works with little regard to how they should connect with real life, Bonhoeffer was obsessed with the connections between thought and practice.  What is most impressive in studying the life of Bonhoeffer, whether through reading his books or Eberhard Bethge's great biography or watching this documentary is the man's fundamental goodness and dedication to doing what is right.  If he had been catholic instead of protestant, he would surely by now have been declared a saint.  He seems to have had the saint's calmness and peacefulness.  One is certain that he slept the sleep of the just.What is most impressive in studying the life of Bonhoeffer, whether through reading his books or Eberhard Bethge's great biography or watching this documentary is the man's fundamental goodness and dedication to doing what is right.  If he had been catholic instead of protestant, he would surely by now have been declared a saint.  He seems to have had the saint's calmness and peacefulness.  One is certain that he slept the sleep of the just.Bonhoeffer was one of the most promising young theologians in Weimar Germany.  Had he lived in more peaceful times he certainly would have written a host of first-rate theological works.  Like his theological mentor, the great Karl Barth, who was himself the greatest theologian between Luther and Calvin and the present, he would have written works that explored the concrete role that religion must play in every day life.  When Hitler rose to power, Bonhoeffer could easily have fled to the United States and taught through the course of the conflict and in fact had an appointment at Union Theological Seminary in New York, which he left to return to Germany.  Moreover, he joined the resistance against Hitler and came to believe that it was his moral and religious duty to aid in the attempt to assassinate him.  After an attempt to kill Hitler through the use of an air pressure bomb placed on a plane failed (for whatever reason it did not detonate as it should have), a host of suspected conspirators were arrested, including Bonhoeffer.  He spent the rest of his life in a Nazi prison, dying at the hands of the Nazis only a few days before the American armies liberated the concentration camp to which he was transferred near the end.Bonhoeffer was one of the most promising young theologians in Weimar Germany.  Had he lived in more peaceful times he certainly would have written a host of first-rate theological works.  Like his theological mentor, the great Karl Barth, who was himself the greatest theologian between Luther and Calvin and the present, he would have written works that explored the concrete role that religion must play in every day life.  When Hitler rose to power, Bonhoeffer could easily have fled to the United States and taught through the course of the conflict and in fact had an appointment at Union Theological Seminary in New York, which he left to return to Germany.  Moreover, he joined the resistance against Hitler and came to believe that it was his moral and religious duty to aid in the attempt to assassinate him.  After an attempt to kill Hitler through the use of an air pressure bomb placed on a plane failed (for whatever reason it did not detonate as it should have), a host of suspected conspirators were arrested, including Bonhoeffer.  He spent the rest of his life in a Nazi prison, dying at the hands of the Nazis only a few days before the American armies liberated the concentration camp to which he was transferred near the end.If one reads his ETHICS one is impressed by sections such as the one on what it means to tell the truth.  Kant had famously argued that if a man that one suspects is angry enough to kill a particular person comes up and asks you where that person is, the moral law demands that you not lie to the would-be murderer (though in Kant's defense it isn't clear that we are obligated to tell him where the intended victim is, but merely that we not lie).  For Bonhoeffer the situation is so much more complex.  He knew about many facets of the conspiracy and merely refusing to answer the Gestapo's questions would have done much to confirm the existence of the conspiracy.  Bonhoeffer was forced to systematically fabricate a tissue of lies that would mislead the Nazis as much as he could while protecting as many people as he could.  This lends a sense of poignancy to his writing on what it means to tell the truth that is almost unbearable.  Reading between the lines, one realizes that Bonhoeffer realized, contra Kant, that "telling the truth" might actually entail lying to the best of one's abilities.  If one reads his ETHICS one is impressed by sections such as the one on what it means to tell the truth.  Kant had famously argued that if a man that one suspects is angry enough to kill a particular person comes up and asks you where that person is, the moral law demands that you not lie to the would-be murderer (though in Kant's defense it isn't clear that we are obligated to tell him where the intended victim is, but merely that we not lie).  For Bonhoeffer the situation is so much more complex.  He knew about many facets of the conspiracy and merely refusing to answer the Gestapo's questions would have done much to confirm the existence of the conspiracy.  Bonhoeffer was forced to systematically fabricate a tissue of lies that would mislead the Nazis as much as he could while protecting as many people as he could.  This lends a sense of poignancy to his writing on what it means to tell the truth that is almost unbearable.  Reading between the lines, one realizes that Bonhoeffer realized, contra Kant, that "telling the truth" might actually entail lying to the best of one's abilities.  I had only one tiny complaint with the documentary.  I love Klaus Maria Brandauer as an actor.  He is a powerful and subtle performer, but his voice on the DVD is very hard to understand.  I don't know if his accent is too thick or if the recording has too much bass to be clear.  I found I could understand only a portion of what he was saying.  I had only one tiny complaint with the documentary.  I love Klaus Maria Brandauer as an actor.  He is a powerful and subtle performer, but his voice on the DVD is very hard to understand.  I don't know if his accent is too thick or if the recording has too much bass to be clear.  I found I could understand only a portion of what he was saying.  Anyone who is moved by this documentary should certainly look further into Bonhoeffer's life and thought.  I once was privileged to be part of a group of thirty or so students who had a long conversation with Eberhard Bethge about Bonhoeffer.  Bethge features prominently in the film.  There is no question that if you were to read only one book on Bonhoeffer, his magisterial biography is the place to go.  It is massive, but it is unquestionably worth the effort.  I love Bonhoeffer's ETHICS, but it might be a tad too academic for the lay reader.  THE COST OF DISCIPLESHIP, in which he makes his famous distinction between cheap grace and costly grace, is a wonderful book and can easily be read by someone without a strong theological background.  LETTERS AND PAPERS FROM PRISON, which collects things written from the time of his arrest to the end of his life, is justly celebrated as a classic religious work.  A TESTAMENT TO FREEDOM:  THE ESSENTIAL WRITINGS OF DIETRICH BONHOEFFER is a very fine anthology that collects writings from every period of his life.Anyone who is moved by this documentary should certainly look further into Bonhoeffer's life and thought.  I once was privileged to be part of a group of thirty or so students who had a long conversation with Eberhard Bethge about Bonhoeffer.  Bethge features prominently in the film.  There is no question that if you were to read only one book on Bonhoeffer, his magisterial biography is the place to go.  It is massive, but it is unquestionably worth the effort.  I love Bonhoeffer's ETHICS, but it might be a tad too academic for the lay reader.  THE COST OF DISCIPLESHIP, in which he makes his famous distinction between cheap grace and costly grace, is a wonderful book and can easily be read by someone without a strong theological background.  LETTERS AND PAPERS FROM PRISON, which collects things written from the time of his arrest to the end of his life, is justly celebrated as a classic religious work.  A TESTAMENT TO FREEDOM:  THE ESSENTIAL WRITINGS OF DIETRICH BONHOEFFER is a very fine anthology that collects writings from every period of his life.I recommend this film as strongly as possible.  To me Bonhoeffer is one of the truly great Christian heroes of the past century, though his courage and sacrifice offers equal inspiration to non-Christians as well
 Bonhoeffer was a very informative, very interesting video.  I first decided to watch it at the urge of my pastor.  I watched the portion that PBS showed, and I wanted to see more, so I bought the DVD.  I am glad that I did
 Love this dvd. I loved the live performance at the MTV awards. Love this dvd. I loved the live performance at the MTV awards. She has my vote
 On hearing that Warner Bros was to issue a set of Busby berkeley films, I ensured my DVD player was rendered region-free and then I waited. It was a dream finally come true.  Having been entranced by Berkeley's films since childhood I could hardly wait for the box to arrive.  Oh joy! The quality of the DVDs is wonderful and the added extras are very generous indeed, if some of these extras are not to one's taste, then fair enough, but the vintage material is absolutely fascinating and cleaned up to match the quality of the main feature.  On hearing that Warner Bros was to issue a set of Busby berkeley films, I ensured my DVD player was rendered region-free and then I waited. It was a dream finally come true.  Having been entranced by Berkeley's films since childhood I could hardly wait for the box to arrive.  Oh joy! The quality of the DVDs is wonderful and the added extras are very generous indeed, if some of these extras are not to one's taste, then fair enough, but the vintage material is absolutely fascinating and cleaned up to match the quality of the main feature.  It is a shame that the Al Jolson number was removed from the compilation disc because it was not intended to be racially offensive when it was produced, but today's political correctness lobby inevitably takes its toll.  That said, we are left with a plethora of magnificence from Busby Berkeley which gladdens the heart and which left me euphoric because the quality of the release exceeded my expectations.  Thank you Warner Bros for the TLC you have lavished on this set, and you, dear reader, if you have not experienced the work of this great director before, I urge you please, please consider buying it - I can guarantee you will not be disappointed. This was Hollywood's Golden Age, so now you have the chance to experience it, PLEASE don't miss out
 This is a great video collection of her past videos. I love it. From the sweet 'I Wanna Love You Forever' to the record label controlled image of 'Irrisistible' and 'A Little Bit' I love the 'A Little Bit' video but that was the time when she was controlled by her label which made her album flop. But overall this dvd is awesome. I like the footage from the Dream Chaser tour and the biography stuff. This is the best dvd before Jennifer Lopez's The Reel Me.
 Look at my review for the movie soundtrack.  I had a full vinyl copy of the voiced movie, but my mom sold it.  I hate that fact, but there isn't a thing I can do about it.  I wish I could get one back
 This is the kind of movie I used to enjoy seeing a couple of times a year and now see, oh, about once every 10 years or so.  An incredibly interesting, odd, provocative movie, that doesn't insult its audience.  The acting is phenomenal, the script is really interesting, and the characters are not people you've seen 1000 times before.  Although it's sort of about baseball, it's not a baseball movie.  It's a pity that so few people want to see interesting movies like this.  I loved this movie.     
 Videodriome is a movie I've been a fan of for years. I use the movie as a test to see if people are REAL movie and horror fans and not just posers. The best part of the film is that any day now Fox will greenlight a reality TV show where twenty-somethings are killed in front of a live studio audience. If you're new to the work of David Croneburg- check this out ASAP and see what all the fuss is about. The Criterion DVD is stacked with extras and the transfer is a thing of beauty.
 Yes, I thought the Whoppi disclaimers were absurd (HOW many generations have grown up with these cartoons, and now all of a sudden they're "bad"?) I never saw disclaimers on CBS when I watched these cartoons on Saturday mornings for years and years!!!Yes, I thought the Whoppi disclaimers were absurd (HOW many generations have grown up with these cartoons, and now all of a sudden they're "bad"?) I never saw disclaimers on CBS when I watched these cartoons on Saturday mornings for years and years!!!But aside from that, my main gripe is the organization. It would be better if they'd organize these into eras (I'm not as big on the Leon Schlesenger era from the 30s/early 40s as I am on the Fritz-era, and would rather these be organized chronologically. Not that I don't respect those early shorts for what they were, I just like the later ones better).But aside from that, my main gripe is the organization. It would be better if they'd organize these into eras (I'm not as big on the Leon Schlesenger era from the 30s/early 40s as I am on the Fritz-era, and would rather these be organized chronologically. Not that I don't respect those early shorts for what they were, I just like the later ones better).Regardless, as long as they keep releasing these I'll still keep getting them, since Cartoon Network and Nickelodean have completely removed them and decided that the new generation of kids "don't have the attention span" to appreciate them (I beg to differ, my kids LOVE Looney Tunes!), and replace them with garbage full of toilet humor (which, apparently, is OK by the PC police...
 I grew up in  Hannibal Mo, so I am very familiar with Mark Twain's writing and his humor.  The make up is great as Holbrook even looks like Twain.  Holbrook is a great story teller, and he uses the material well, and makes it wa wonderful program.  I saw a perfomance live in NYC years ago, and another one in my current home town.  Each time I see it again, it is still funny and a great performance
 Visconti's film is significantly different from Mann's classic story. Aside from the obvious changes (Aschenbach being a composer instead of a writer, etc), there are many subtle touches that deepen the ambiguity of the character. For example: In the book, Aschenbach's wife is dead, and his daughter is grown up and married away. In the film, his daughter dies in childhood, and it is not clear whether his wife is alive or not when he visits Venice.Visconti's film is significantly different from Mann's classic story. Aside from the obvious changes (Aschenbach being a composer instead of a writer, etc), there are many subtle touches that deepen the ambiguity of the character. For example: In the book, Aschenbach's wife is dead, and his daughter is grown up and married away. In the film, his daughter dies in childhood, and it is not clear whether his wife is alive or not when he visits Venice.Another reviewer here called the film "ambient"; I would add the word "poised." The camera lingers on scenes for many minutes; observations occur in planes of depth. The acting is often extremely subtle. The young man who plays Tadzio looks as if he is sculpted of alabaster. Compositions, lighting, settings, costumes and makeup are simply exquisite. Imagine if this had been photographed in 65mm!Another reviewer here called the film "ambient"; I would add the word "poised." The camera lingers on scenes for many minutes; observations occur in planes of depth. The acting is often extremely subtle. The young man who plays Tadzio looks as if he is sculpted of alabaster. Compositions, lighting, settings, costumes and makeup are simply exquisite. Imagine if this had been photographed in 65mm!DEATH IN VENICE probably looks better here than it ever did in theaters. The DVD transfer is superb, based on what appears to be a spotless, pristine source. The wide Panavision aspect ratio is faithfully preserved, anamorphically enhanced for 16:9 TVs. Sadly, the original monaural soundtrack has not been remixed for stereo; but execept for some occasionally muffled dialog (which may be intentional), it still sounds very good.DEATH IN VENICE probably looks better here than it ever did in theaters. The DVD transfer is superb, based on what appears to be a spotless, pristine source. The wide Panavision aspect ratio is faithfully preserved, anamorphically enhanced for 16:9 TVs. Sadly, the original monaural soundtrack has not been remixed for stereo; but execept for some occasionally muffled dialog (which may be intentional), it still sounds very good.The post-MTV generation will find this film tough going. Don't buy this if you're hoping to see police gondolas flip over and explode. :
 I first viewed this film with a friend, in my home.  He and I are both lovers of beautiful music and art.  This film satisfies both categories.  The score is absolutely magnificent and the views of Venice, beautiful.  The acting (by main character Dirk Bogard)is subtle but effective.  We found this film to be a totally soul-satisfying experience.      
 Excellent little known movie with Viggo Mortensen as an F.B.I.agent under deep cover to infiltrate Japenese Mob. Greatperformances by all {Michael Nouri, a little over the top}great action and sentimentality when Viggos character is tornbetween man who treats him like a son and duty as an agent afterF.B.I makes deal with mobster Nouri to make a hit on the Yakuza
 Liam Neeson was wonderful to watch - a tragic love story with great winter scenery and lots of cold breath shots.  However, Patricia Arquette was too teenage giggly - not a terrific actress in this film, at least.  Still, a great role for Neeson
 one of the best movies I've seen in ages!!! Most movies put me to sleep, I stayed awake the entire time.  action, suspense, great flick!
 Upon watching the movie sick, I came to an all out conclusion of all other movies I had seen in the past. They will never compare to Bob Flanagans true life experience of living beyond the expected life span of a human with CF. This man truly took his illness by the balls and showed the viewer that pain can be an issue that is manipulated in an entirely different way. I found it very interesting how Bob chose to be a slave to the woman he loves rather than a slave to his miserable disease. Those who dare; watch as Bob experiences life through the vice of pain. Those with weak stomaches, beware
 Great Plot!  A crooked president who only thinks of himself and his needs; a good hearted man named Dave who thinks about others, and the only thing they have in common is their outward appearance. Dave is called upon to sit in for the president and do his job for a while.  Two of the presidents regular staff try to get Dave to do things that is contrary to Dave's character.  So the story goes on from there.  Who will win the battle of crooked verses good in the White House. This dvd  picture was good and clear, the sound was great, and the case was in excellent condition.  If you like warm hearted type movies, then this is the one for you.  I know I have enjoyed it over and over.  To me, Dave is about character, good or bad, and the choices we make in life that can affect others around us.
 I was leaning towards giving it only three stars because it has certain weaknesses.  But then I saw the ending, and it was a beautiful one.  It always makes me happy to see love onscreen.I was leaning towards giving it only three stars because it has certain weaknesses.  But then I saw the ending, and it was a beautiful one.  It always makes me happy to see love onscreen.The side story of a jealous rival geisha constantly hurting our hero was annoying.  There really wasn't any reason for it.The side story of a jealous rival geisha constantly hurting our hero was annoying.  There really wasn't any reason for it.Another part of the story I found annoying was the lack of communication between the main characters.  Our hero was giving one man all the signals that she was interested, but she in fact was interested in a different man, who she wasn't communicating with at all.Another part of the story I found annoying was the lack of communication between the main characters.  Our hero was giving one man all the signals that she was interested, but she in fact was interested in a different man, who she wasn't communicating with at all.I don't like having to witness problems that make no sense to me.I don't like having to witness problems that make no sense to me.But then came that surprise ending, so warm and affectionate.  That was nice
 {My review of THE VILLAGE mentions THE SIXTH SENSE more than it does THE VILLAGE, so here it is.}{My review of THE VILLAGE mentions THE SIXTH SENSE more than it does THE VILLAGE, so here it is.}I don't really want to talk a lot about this movie because I could spoil the effect. Instead, I'll talk about this filmmaker's first movie. THE SIXTH SENSE, also by M. Night Shyamalan. I first saw it in December 1999, on a 20-hour flight from Chicago to Hong Kong. My only flight out of the USA. The film really pulled me in, which I suspect is particularly difficult on an airplane. I don't really want to talk a lot about this movie because I could spoil the effect. Instead, I'll talk about this filmmaker's first movie. THE SIXTH SENSE, also by M. Night Shyamalan. I first saw it in December 1999, on a 20-hour flight from Chicago to Hong Kong. My only flight out of the USA. The film really pulled me in, which I suspect is particularly difficult on an airplane. Then, the ending. Based on the article you just read, we can say that some viewers weren't surprised. Me, I was blown the heck away and wanted to see it again. Years later I finally did. I taught movie classes, this is a film I chose, and I saw it about a dozen times, fully aware of the ending. It had a bit more going for it than that. Then, the ending. Based on the article you just read, we can say that some viewers weren't surprised. Me, I was blown the heck away and wanted to see it again. Years later I finally did. I taught movie classes, this is a film I chose, and I saw it about a dozen times, fully aware of the ending. It had a bit more going for it than that. My only complaint is with people who think Bruce Willis was the star. The star is Haley Joel Osment! I may have missed out on "the surprise ending" because I was watching the kid instead of the shrink. Bruce Willis could probably star in a few more movies after he died and we'd never notice. But I digress. My only complaint is with people who think Bruce Willis was the star. The star is Haley Joel Osment! I may have missed out on "the surprise ending" because I was watching the kid instead of the shrink. Bruce Willis could probably star in a few more movies after he died and we'd never notice. But I digress. THE VILLAGE is about a pilgrim-style village. Some place quaint, rural, close knit and low tech. Nobody from the village goes into the surrounding woods lest they encounter Those We Do Not Speak Of. The acting was flawless and the scenery most certainly created a mood. Shyamalan is a masterful writer, director and producer. But I had trouble caring about what happened to his characters. THE VILLAGE is about a pilgrim-style village. Some place quaint, rural, close knit and low tech. Nobody from the village goes into the surrounding woods lest they encounter Those We Do Not Speak Of. The acting was flawless and the scenery most certainly created a mood. Shyamalan is a masterful writer, director and producer. But I had trouble caring about what happened to his characters. That could've been my fault. Saturday morning at 8, Jan was working, and my goal for the day was to pack for our impending move but I was too drained to begin. The neighbor had loaned us this DVD back in February, so I figured watching it and returning it to him was a good start. That could've been my fault. Saturday morning at 8, Jan was working, and my goal for the day was to pack for our impending move but I was too drained to begin. The neighbor had loaned us this DVD back in February, so I figured watching it and returning it to him was a good start. (The same bad attitude that I brought to THE SIXTH SENSE, right? One of these days I'm going to watch a Shyamalan movie in the right frame of mind.) (The same bad attitude that I brought to THE SIXTH SENSE, right? One of these days I'm going to watch a Shyamalan movie in the right frame of mind.) "The ending." How would you like to be a filmmaker judged solely on "the ending?" In the case of THE VILLAGE, it worked for me. I thought about this film for days after seeing it. "The ending." How would you like to be a filmmaker judged solely on "the ending?" In the case of THE VILLAGE, it worked for me. I thought about this film for days after seeing it. Actually, I was trying to decide what to write in this review. How about this? Actually, I was trying to decide what to write in this review. How about this? "Shyamalan is a filmmaker of bold originality surviving in a commercialized medium." "Shyamalan is a filmmaker of bold originality surviving in a commercialized medium." That's a good thing, no matter what your opinion of each individual film is. I believe some critics are panning him, but I'm not panning this one. I'm glad I saw it. I've missed a few films between THE SIXTH SENSE and THE VILLAGE, and there will be more after THE VILLAGE. I'll watch them all.  
 I have four boys between the ages of 11 and 2.  I ordered seasons 1 & 2 and they love it.  Every night we turn Daniel Boone on before bedtime and we don't have to worry about our children seeing anything other than a good wholesome show. I hope they put out the next 4 seasons
 I thought this was a wonderful DVD because of the following factors:I thought this was a wonderful DVD because of the following factors:*The goal of this Billy Blank's DVD is to get kids off their feet and exercising.  In this day and age of television, video games, and a joke of physical education in schools, it's up to parents to stress the importance of regular fitness activity.*The goal of this Billy Blank's DVD is to get kids off their feet and exercising.  In this day and age of television, video games, and a joke of physical education in schools, it's up to parents to stress the importance of regular fitness activity.*The diversity is great.  The children on this DVD consist of both boys and girls, ages of about 5 to maybe 12 or 13 years old, all sizes from thin to slightly chubby, and different nationalities. *The diversity is great.  The children on this DVD consist of both boys and girls, ages of about 5 to maybe 12 or 13 years old, all sizes from thin to slightly chubby, and different nationalities. *Billy Blanks is just a very good instructor and you can see why he's loved by young and old.  He motivates the kids and makes the moves entertaining for them, even throwing in a couple of old dance moves. :-)  Billy Blanks speaks from the heart and you can tell that he honestly wants everyone to be fit.*Billy Blanks is just a very good instructor and you can see why he's loved by young and old.  He motivates the kids and makes the moves entertaining for them, even throwing in a couple of old dance moves. :-)  Billy Blanks speaks from the heart and you can tell that he honestly wants everyone to be fit.As far as the fitness level, I could see kids doing this but it gets a little trickier when you get to the floor exercises if you haven't exercised in a while.  The good thing about this particular DVD is since it's geared towards kids, Billy places less emphasis on getting moves perfect, his main focus is to get the kids to realize that exercise is fun.  As far as the fitness level, I could see kids doing this but it gets a little trickier when you get to the floor exercises if you haven't exercised in a while.  The good thing about this particular DVD is since it's geared towards kids, Billy places less emphasis on getting moves perfect, his main focus is to get the kids to realize that exercise is fun.  Overall, I think this is a great DVD to add to your collection.  It's something you and your kids can enjoy doing together.
 Denzel Washington plays the legendary Steve Biko in this late-80's film, while Kevin Kline plays a top journalist who befriends Washington's character in South Africa. Denzel is my favorite actor, and although he doesn't get a lot of screen time, this is one of his strongest roles ever(and you know that's saying a lot). Not only does he nail down the African accent, but he portray's Biko's renown concern and persistence.This movie was awesome for the first hour. I could not take my eyes off it! As the inevitable came around this point, the movie turns to Kevin Kline's character who's trying to escape South Africa and spread Biko's story and message. It drags on quite extensively(the movie is over 2 & 1/2 hours) but it still maintains, enough to keep it's five-star rating in my book. There were some other flaws, like how quickly Kline's character switched from hostility to befriending Biko. That happened so quickly I couldn't tell when they actually saw eye-to-eye. The film was beautifully shot, especially for the 1980's, and I love the scene where Biko is speaking at an outdoor stadium being held up by dozens of supporters. Keep an eye out for Joseph Marcell(Geoffry the butler from Fresh Prince of Bel-Air) who has a couple crucial scenes at the end playing a character aptly named 'Moses.'The reason this movie was so memorable to me was because it really got me thinking how oppressed black folks have been throughout history. Sure, other movies have depicted this and maybe display this better, but Sh##! To find out how black people were even kicked aside and discriminated against in South Africa was eye-opening! I am beginning to understand their frustration as a race, and even those in America, more and more. Seeing this movie, and being Caucasian myself, you get a sense of why the black brethren distrust the white man or see him as evil, and there's no propoganda or direct bashing of the white race in this film. Just depiction. I, myself, kind of feel like a jerk for what my race has done over all these years. And believe me, we may think this sh#t's resolved and straight today, but we got a long ways to go!You really gotta hand it to Denzel. He's tackled some of the biggest black icons so effortlessly, not only Malcolm X, Reuben Carter, among others, but Steven Biko as well. He may just be an actor, but he must have some strong beliefs in his own race as well to portray legends like these! It would be great to see him start speaking up for his people and directly to his people, a la Bill Cosby. I got this movie off Amazon because I could not find it in stores, but I recommend searching for it yourself or buying it however you can..
 I have heard both Arrau and Richter playing Liszt's B Minor Sonata and I am afraid I very much prefer the way Yundi Li had played this piece. Perhaps it is not fair to compare their techniques as Arrau's technique was always not that impressive.I have heard both Arrau and Richter playing Liszt's B Minor Sonata and I am afraid I very much prefer the way Yundi Li had played this piece. Perhaps it is not fair to compare their techniques as Arrau's technique was always not that impressive.Yundi Li is not just a virtuoso. You are impressed not only by the shattering way he played for the more emotional part of this piece ( when Liszt was supposed to struggle with his other side of character), you will also be impressed by his every subtle nuance for the lyrical part of the music which you seldom hear from others. You will also appreciate all the smooth transitions he made from one theme to another. Will I be able to hear a better and a more logical Liszt's B Minor Sonata than this?Yundi Li is not just a virtuoso. You are impressed not only by the shattering way he played for the more emotional part of this piece ( when Liszt was supposed to struggle with his other side of character), you will also be impressed by his every subtle nuance for the lyrical part of the music which you seldom hear from others. You will also appreciate all the smooth transitions he made from one theme to another. Will I be able to hear a better and a more logical Liszt's B Minor Sonata than this?I believe Yundi Li is capable of very deep feeling when he plays. You seldom find one pianist more deeply immersed in the music during performance than Yundi Li . Music just flow out from his fingers in a most natural way as a result of such deep feeling. I particularly agree with this description of Yundi Li:I believe Yundi Li is capable of very deep feeling when he plays. You seldom find one pianist more deeply immersed in the music during performance than Yundi Li . Music just flow out from his fingers in a most natural way as a result of such deep feeling. I particularly agree with this description of Yundi Li:"What distinguishes this uniquely gifted young artist from most of his contemporaries is his ability to put his personal stamp on a work without resorting, even for a single gesture, to eccentricity.""What distinguishes this uniquely gifted young artist from most of his contemporaries is his ability to put his personal stamp on a work without resorting, even for a single gesture, to eccentricity."Although Richter was technically more capable compared with Arrau, I have always found him not expressive enough for pieces that require more rubati. You will be impressed by his technique for some Beethoven Sonata.
 Li is no heavy-weight pianist. Neither is Bunin or even Zimerman. And don't foeget that Chopin himself weighed less than a hundred pounds after all. And judging from the steam and progess Li has made, Lang Lang's position is certainly under threat. And any viewer who is interested in Li or how Chinese pianists nowadays are doing should perhaps go for this-- here we have to thank Martha for doing a good job in picking him as the winner of the Chopin Competition. Now in his mid-twenties, and musically out of almost nowhere, Li is already a full fledged musician.   Li is no heavy-weight pianist. Neither is Bunin or even Zimerman. And don't foeget that Chopin himself weighed less than a hundred pounds after all. And judging from the steam and progess Li has made, Lang Lang's position is certainly under threat. And any viewer who is interested in Li or how Chinese pianists nowadays are doing should perhaps go for this-- here we have to thank Martha for doing a good job in picking him as the winner of the Chopin Competition. Now in his mid-twenties, and musically out of almost nowhere, Li is already a full fledged musician.   Of course, viewers should not compare him with Arrau's fine balance between the extreme high and rather low register; or his scales with Richter's.  This is not fair, for Arrau and Richter are such great artists. Li is already so close to Zimerman now. Of course, viewers should not compare him with Arrau's fine balance between the extreme high and rather low register; or his scales with Richter's.  This is not fair, for Arrau and Richter are such great artists. Li is already so close to Zimerman now. Furthermore, what we hear may have more to do with the accoustics of the hall, something which has more to do with the engineers than the performer himself. And I say so because I'm a bit concerned about the quality of the picture of this DVD. It appears to me more like a VCD than DVD production (or somewhere in between): it is slightly below average DG production and the camerawork is also average only. This is obviously not fair to a blossoming career that Li is now having. One star is taken for want of a better production. 
 I thought Beavis and Butthead changed America. Their stupidity was a influence of a generation. I, sadly, was not allowed to watch the show when it was on TV (I was a child and in my elementary school years at the time), and because I actually rather watch the episodes instead of having to watch music videos within the episode (just like the duo themselves, they hate a lot of music videos but watch them just to critize them and I don't care for music videos), I really love the show. However, like other people who also liked the show, I have to agree with them to release all of the episodes (for goodness sake! I can't believe they didn't put in the Customers Suck episode because that was hysterical and the only one I have ever seen when the show was on TV) because we want to see and have all of the episodes, not just 80% of them and never get to see the other ones. I guess this is still recommended but remember, we all should fight back and get the remaining episodes back (even if they have a lost episodes collection I don't care, the people want them and Mike Judge is refusing to give us them!
 This amazed me when it first came out and still has that capability.  The combination of puppets and live action works really well, David Bowie is wonderful, and, all in all, it's a great family film.  When I gave it to my two granddaughters, ages 8 & 4, they watched it wide-eyed and a little bit scared. But then they watched it at least once a day for the next week
 The professional reviewer missed the main point of Jeffrey's dilemma. He's not so afraid of getting AIDS; he's afraid of falling in love with a man who then dies of it. Most people figure a 50% chance of dying before their spouse; but taking on a person with a known, fatal disease throws those odds way out of kilter and creates a desperate, poignant situation.The professional reviewer missed the main point of Jeffrey's dilemma. He's not so afraid of getting AIDS; he's afraid of falling in love with a man who then dies of it. Most people figure a 50% chance of dying before their spouse; but taking on a person with a known, fatal disease throws those odds way out of kilter and creates a desperate, poignant situation.Steve Weber is no gayer than George Bush but he certainly is an enthusiastic kisser. This was the first film I saw Michael Weiss in and he totally had me convinced he was gay. I knew Patrick Stewart isn't, but his performance is dead on.Steve Weber is no gayer than George Bush but he certainly is an enthusiastic kisser. This was the first film I saw Michael Weiss in and he totally had me convinced he was gay. I knew Patrick Stewart isn't, but his performance is dead on.Overall, a very funny movie with a big, big heart
 This movie was alright.  I give it five stars for being artsy, quirky.It makes Gay love look systematically funny, and easily made fun of.  Even people with AIDS deserve a better look at their lives.  I do not have HIV/AIDS but have lost friends over it.  This is a movie for those who either want a good laugh, or a good cry.I know of nobody who really acts as these characters do.  I doubt it goes on in New York Citys Manhattan either.Purchase this if your just wanting to add to your GLBT VHS, or DVD collection
 This DVD was more challenging than I thought, but within a few short weeks I can already see an improvement in my flexibility and overall fitness.  Recently someone who had not seen me in a while commented that my body looked different, so I guess that means the programs really work. HAHA :-) Overall I have been impressed with not only the level of difficulty but also the variety of content and workouts available.  I easily recommend this DVD
 I truly love this film and it's one of my top favorite film of all time. The cinematography is absolutely beautiful. If you enjoy violence, beauitful scenery of brazil, a great gang-drug related story this film is absolutely brillant. I truly love this film and it's one of my top favorite film of all time. The cinematography is absolutely beautiful. If you enjoy violence, beauitful scenery of brazil, a great gang-drug related story this film is absolutely brillant. I truly love this film and it's one of my top favorite film of all time. The cinematography is absolutely beautiful. If you enjoy violence, beauitful scenery of brazil, a great gang-drug related story this film is absolutely brillant. 
 I first bought the DVD for my mother for Christmas. She let me borrow it. I am glad that I finally watched it. It is a truly great movie. It is a funny movie and very entertaining. I suggest either renting it or buying it
 I really enjoyed this movie.  Rose McGowan did a great job as the villianess Debbie.  My favorite line from the movie "It's a family thing."  The movie was, in my opinion, a black comedy.  And Rose totally looked like trailer trash on her first day of school--brilliant!  You should definately watch this movie when you haven't got anything better to do
 Ever wonder where Col. Kurtz would've ended up if he had survived the end of "Apocalypse Now"? Well, now we know: He exiled himself to a deserted island to create humanimals -- the horror, the horror.Ever wonder where Col. Kurtz would've ended up if he had survived the end of "Apocalypse Now"? Well, now we know: He exiled himself to a deserted island to create humanimals -- the horror, the horror.In light of all the bad press one would really think this is a lousy movie. And I can see WHY some people don't like it, the main portion of the flick is really INSANE. However, if you're a sucker for lost-on-an-island type yarns and appreciate the heavy mood & insanity of "Apocalypse Now," you'll probably like it. I'm not saying it's anywhere near as great as "Apocalypse Now" but Marlon Brando and the jungle insanity make the comparison inevitable. In light of all the bad press one would really think this is a lousy movie. And I can see WHY some people don't like it, the main portion of the flick is really INSANE. However, if you're a sucker for lost-on-an-island type yarns and appreciate the heavy mood & insanity of "Apocalypse Now," you'll probably like it. I'm not saying it's anywhere near as great as "Apocalypse Now" but Marlon Brando and the jungle insanity make the comparison inevitable. WHAT WORKS: The title sequence is great, perhaps one of the best in all of cinema (another Amazon reviewer noted this, so I'm not alone); the soundtrack is phenomenal ('nuff said); the plot is intriguing; the humanimal make-up is fine ('Hyena' looks especially horrific); the film possesses an undeniable creative pizzazz (i.e. it's moody, atmospheric and insane); and Marlon Brando's 35 minute stint in the film is as captivating as always (you can probably tell I'm a huge Brando fan -- in particular, "One-Eyed Jacks," "Mutiny on the Bounty" (1962), "The Young Lions," "Superman" and "Apocalypse Now" [not "Redux"]). WHAT WORKS: The title sequence is great, perhaps one of the best in all of cinema (another Amazon reviewer noted this, so I'm not alone); the soundtrack is phenomenal ('nuff said); the plot is intriguing; the humanimal make-up is fine ('Hyena' looks especially horrific); the film possesses an undeniable creative pizzazz (i.e. it's moody, atmospheric and insane); and Marlon Brando's 35 minute stint in the film is as captivating as always (you can probably tell I'm a huge Brando fan -- in particular, "One-Eyed Jacks," "Mutiny on the Bounty" (1962), "The Young Lions," "Superman" and "Apocalypse Now" [not "Redux"]). WHAT DOESN'T WORK: The third act of the film is almost total insanity, except for the final ten minutes or so; as a result the story will lose the interest of those who have no appreciation for such artistic flair.WHAT DOESN'T WORK: The third act of the film is almost total insanity, except for the final ten minutes or so; as a result the story will lose the interest of those who have no appreciation for such artistic flair.CLOSING THOUGHTS: I really enjoyed seeing Brando in his old age in this flick; it proves he had his magnetic charm until the end. If you enjoyed Brando as 'Kurtz' in "Apocalypse Now" you'll appeciate him in "Island;" in fact, as already noted, Dr. Moreau is a variation of Kurtz in his old age (i.e. nutjob in the jungle).CLOSING THOUGHTS: I really enjoyed seeing Brando in his old age in this flick; it proves he had his magnetic charm until the end. If you enjoyed Brando as 'Kurtz' in "Apocalypse Now" you'll appeciate him in "Island;" in fact, as already noted, Dr. Moreau is a variation of Kurtz in his old age (i.e. nutjob in the jungle).If you're predisposed for such a flick, "Dr. Moreau" is weird, but certainly worthwhile.          
 I bought this DVD because it was listed as an IMAX title, but it is also 3D if you buy the special glasses from the manufacturer(regular 3D glasses dont work with this title). The quality of the graphics are terrific, the plot is a little strange, but basically its aliens who invade and ride 4 virtual roller coasters at a futuristic theme park. The rides are pretty good and the concept and setting behind each coaster is unique. My kids love this DVD, and its worth the price!I bought this DVD because it was listed as an IMAX title, but it is also 3D if you buy the special glasses from the manufacturer(regular 3D glasses dont work with this title). The quality of the graphics are terrific, the plot is a little strange, but basically its aliens who invade and ride 4 virtual roller coasters at a futuristic theme park. The rides are pretty good and the concept and setting behind each coaster is unique. My kids love this DVD, and its worth the price!(Buy it from the new & used section and you can get it for around $3.50 plus shipping
 Casts were chosen by the author Hemingway himself. That short comment on this film opening was really the miracle. Particularly Gary Cooper as American dynamiter Roberto and Ingrid Bergman as hapless young girl Maria could happen only through the number of miracles.Casts were chosen by the author Hemingway himself. That short comment on this film opening was really the miracle. Particularly Gary Cooper as American dynamiter Roberto and Ingrid Bergman as hapless young girl Maria could happen only through the number of miracles.SPAIN IN YOUR BACKYARDAs the movie opening says shooting took place Sonora Pass in California not in Spain. Isn't it ironic because Sierra Nevada Mountain Range itself was named by Spanish reminding them of the homeland mountains when they occupied the part of California.As the movie opening says shooting took place Sonora Pass in California not in Spain. Isn't it ironic because Sierra Nevada Mountain Range itself was named by Spanish reminding them of the homeland mountains when they occupied the part of California.BONDED BY MOVIE DEALAt that time movie actors were strongly tied by contracts and that prevented both Gary Cooper and Ingrid Bergman from the role Hemingway wanted on the film. To win him the movie company had to pay huge money and Maria took it by accicent. She even cut her own hair to be Maria eventually sacrificing the next movie role. role. DELETION OF POLITICAL ASPECTThat is why the movie became successful and became a very entertaining one. The movie focus on the love development between Maria and Roberto which was excellently shown though a bit old-fashioned. Bergman's Maria was so natural and you can see how far she was into the role. But the time provided another politics: American hero fighting against Dictatorship an ally of Nazi and Facists. That worked far better than any of government sponsored war propaganda I suppose.That is why the movie became successful and became a very entertaining one. The movie focus on the love development between Maria and Roberto which was excellently shown though a bit old-fashioned. Bergman's Maria was so natural and you can see how far she was into the role. But the time provided another politics: American hero fighting against Dictatorship an ally of Nazi and Facists. That worked far better than any of government sponsored war propaganda I suppose.SUPPORTING ACTORS and ACTRESSSupporting actors and actresses did the job quite well particularly I think ANSELMO was well performed. PABLO was also nicely acted particularly Pablo grinning at the scene of falling snow is truly scary reminding me of Jack Torrarence of SHINING.PILAR is a bit of letdown but not bad. PILAR is a bit of letdown but not bad. THE ENDINGI suppect there was alternative version where Roberto could survive but the ending place it quite vague. Old fashioned theatrical ploy. I see why BUTCH CASSIDY and SUNDANCE KID ends the similar way.I suppect there was alternative version where Roberto could survive but the ending place it quite vague. Old fashioned theatrical ploy. I see why BUTCH CASSIDY and SUNDANCE KID ends the similar way.THE BRIDGEWhy must an American explode the bridge at THE BRIDGE AT RIVER KWAI? The answer might be here. Why must an American explode the bridge at THE BRIDGE AT RIVER KWAI? The answer might be here. REAL AMERICAN DYNAMITERHemingway might have probably heard of the story of American dynamiter somewhere and combined his own self to create the hero Robert Jordan. THE GOOD WAR interviews the model of Robert Jordan, Irvin Goff. It is said Maria was created by the image of Ingrid Bergman.Hemingway might have probably heard of the story of American dynamiter somewhere and combined his own self to create the hero Robert Jordan. THE GOOD WAR interviews the model of Robert Jordan, Irvin Goff. It is said Maria was created by the image of Ingrid Bergman.Verdict: Very entertaining movieRating: 91 out of 100 The presence of Ingrid Bergman alone contributes 10 point plus.Recommended for any of classic movie fans
 I never bought the VHS tape, but when I was notified this would be coming out on DVD, I ordered it. While I'm not an amateur, I am a professional, Eric is a guitarist's guitarist. Anyone who thinks he don't need learnin' is a fool and only famous in his own little world, small as it may be. I'm not that arrogant.I never bought the VHS tape, but when I was notified this would be coming out on DVD, I ordered it. While I'm not an amateur, I am a professional, Eric is a guitarist's guitarist. Anyone who thinks he don't need learnin' is a fool and only famous in his own little world, small as it may be. I'm not that arrogant.As Danny Gatton was known as the Humbler, Eric Johnson could rightly be called the Inspiration. What he does is not so much difficult as it is the epitome of finesse and transparency of technique. After viewing this, you will understand what I mean.As Danny Gatton was known as the Humbler, Eric Johnson could rightly be called the Inspiration. What he does is not so much difficult as it is the epitome of finesse and transparency of technique. After viewing this, you will understand what I mean.I already know much of what Eric teaches in this session, for that is what it is, a private session (much like you might get at GIT), with a master at the top of his craft. But there is always something to learn even after repeated viewings. I even scanned in the booklet that comes with this so I can break the lessons down and blow up the individual charts for more easy reading.I already know much of what Eric teaches in this session, for that is what it is, a private session (much like you might get at GIT), with a master at the top of his craft. But there is always something to learn even after repeated viewings. I even scanned in the booklet that comes with this so I can break the lessons down and blow up the individual charts for more easy reading.If you are serious about improving as a player, and if you're looking to be a real professional, you need to get this, if only to see what true professionalism looks and sounds like. The lessons are clear and focused. And with the booklet and the new ability to slow down the examples, you really can learn to play these things. But don't expect to sound like Eric (just as those who tried to, but could never sound like Jimi Hendrix).If you are serious about improving as a player, and if you're looking to be a real professional, you need to get this, if only to see what true professionalism looks and sounds like. The lessons are clear and focused. And with the booklet and the new ability to slow down the examples, you really can learn to play these things. But don't expect to sound like Eric (just as those who tried to, but could never sound like Jimi Hendrix).You are different and so will always sound different, and that's a plus. But the techniques and all that are included here are part of a "must learn" program you need to create and follow if you want to at least make a good living playing music.You are different and so will always sound different, and that's a plus. But the techniques and all that are included here are part of a "must learn" program you need to create and follow if you want to at least make a good living playing music.Learn from a master of melody and technique, where technique doesn't get in the way of the melody, but lives in service to the song -- the way it should be.Learn from a master of melody and technique, where technique doesn't get in the way of the melody, but lives in service to the song -- the way it should be.I teach, too. And I recommend to any student who wants to grow that they should get this DVD. If you get no other, this would serve whatever style you choose to pursue, ultimately, because there is so much here that can be applied to virtually any style, whether it is Jazz, Country, Blues, Rock or even acoustic (which I wish he would have included a segment on that, my only kvetch)
 Sea of Love is certainly a better than average steamy crime thriller, but it didn't really bowl me over.  Pacino's very good, of course, and Ellen Barkin more than holds her own against him, but Pacino's character can become tiresome after a while, and what I regard as a pretty sizeable red herring thrown into your lap midway through the story makes the ending a little less dramatic.  I'm not saying the mystery is predictable - it's just not that shocking of a surprise.  Sea of Love is certainly a better than average steamy crime thriller, but it didn't really bowl me over.  Pacino's very good, of course, and Ellen Barkin more than holds her own against him, but Pacino's character can become tiresome after a while, and what I regard as a pretty sizeable red herring thrown into your lap midway through the story makes the ending a little less dramatic.  I'm not saying the mystery is predictable - it's just not that shocking of a surprise.  Frank Keller (Al Pacino) isn't exactly Steve McGarrett material when it comes to his career as a detective, mainly because the guy is basically pretty pathetic.  His wife left him for another detective on the force, and he's not handling that very well - drunken calls in the middle of the night to his ex-wife are not uncommon.  The guy drinks like a fish all day and all night, whether he's on duty or not, he gets into serious shoving matches with other cops, and he spends more time getting under the skin of his fellow detective (and ex-wife's new man) than investigating the crime at the scene of the film's opening murder.   Later on, he gets into a serious relationship with one of the murder suspects, which has to break a lot of rules in the old code of conduct.  About all he gleans from the first murder is the fact that someone plugged a fat naked guy in the back of his head and that the killer was apparently a big fan of the song Sea of Love.  Fortunately for him, a Queens detective (played by John Goodman) working on a similar case teams up with him on a two-man task force to find the mutual killer.  The common thread linking the murders together is the fact that each victim had recently placed a poetic personal ad in the newspaper.  Since no one seems to have bothered looking at any of the evidence too closely, Keller and Detective Sherman (Goodman) decide to place a similar ad in the paper, meet all of the women who respond, get their prints and compare them with those found at the murder scenes, and break the case wide open.Frank Keller (Al Pacino) isn't exactly Steve McGarrett material when it comes to his career as a detective, mainly because the guy is basically pretty pathetic.  His wife left him for another detective on the force, and he's not handling that very well - drunken calls in the middle of the night to his ex-wife are not uncommon.  The guy drinks like a fish all day and all night, whether he's on duty or not, he gets into serious shoving matches with other cops, and he spends more time getting under the skin of his fellow detective (and ex-wife's new man) than investigating the crime at the scene of the film's opening murder.   Later on, he gets into a serious relationship with one of the murder suspects, which has to break a lot of rules in the old code of conduct.  About all he gleans from the first murder is the fact that someone plugged a fat naked guy in the back of his head and that the killer was apparently a big fan of the song Sea of Love.  Fortunately for him, a Queens detective (played by John Goodman) working on a similar case teams up with him on a two-man task force to find the mutual killer.  The common thread linking the murders together is the fact that each victim had recently placed a poetic personal ad in the newspaper.  Since no one seems to have bothered looking at any of the evidence too closely, Keller and Detective Sherman (Goodman) decide to place a similar ad in the paper, meet all of the women who respond, get their prints and compare them with those found at the murder scenes, and break the case wide open.Keller meets Helen (Ellen Barkin) at one of these undercover dates.  She blows him off early on, before she even comes close to leaving a fingerprint on anything.  When they meet accidentally soon thereafter, though, a spark is lit, and the two are lovers before you can say Jack Sprat.  Frank puts his feelings for Helen above his job, thereby leaving Helen hanging out there as a possible murder suspect.  This is where all of the suspense comes in; is she or isn't she?  The story zigs and zags both ways on the question, leaving the viewer in a measure of doubt until the very end.  The whole thing turns into a weird love story for the most part, with Frank trying to avoid losing Helen even as he sometimes wonders whether she's the killer he's looking for.  It is quite suspenseful, largely thanks to Ellen Barkin's very strong performance.  The ultimate ending's a little weak, but that takes nothing at all away from the sustained mystery that will command your rapt attention all the way up to that point.  Keller meets Helen (Ellen Barkin) at one of these undercover dates.  She blows him off early on, before she even comes close to leaving a fingerprint on anything.  When they meet accidentally soon thereafter, though, a spark is lit, and the two are lovers before you can say Jack Sprat.  Frank puts his feelings for Helen above his job, thereby leaving Helen hanging out there as a possible murder suspect.  This is where all of the suspense comes in; is she or isn't she?  The story zigs and zags both ways on the question, leaving the viewer in a measure of doubt until the very end.  The whole thing turns into a weird love story for the most part, with Frank trying to avoid losing Helen even as he sometimes wonders whether she's the killer he's looking for.  It is quite suspenseful, largely thanks to Ellen Barkin's very strong performance.  The ultimate ending's a little weak, but that takes nothing at all away from the sustained mystery that will command your rapt attention all the way up to that point.  It's not hard to see why the movie was so successful.  It just goes to show what good acting and a reasonably strong script can do for a movie.  There are probably two camps when it comes to the ending, I should note - but it's not a hate it or love it thing.  Some will not find it all that surprising, while others may feel as if it comes right out of left field.  Either way, Sea of Love is a film that all fans of steamy thrillers can lose themselves in and, at the very least, come out feeling reasonably satisfied
 Film Noir at it's Best. Lies, Betrayal, Deception, Sexual Eroticism. All through the movie You dont know who to cheer for, THe Cop, The Dirty Teacher, The Trailer Trash Chic, The Funny Lawyer, THe School Tramp, The Tramp's MOther, THe Cop's Partner, The Tramp's Mother Cuban LOver. You dont know who is who and what is up or down.  ONe big Dirty Camp of a Movie..to describe it with only one word it would be....... YUMMY
 There are so many reasons to like "Wild Things" it's easy to call this movie perfect. Although it's not the best movie ever made (or even in the Top 20 for that matter) it truly is a perfect movie...For what it could've been. I borrowed this movie from a friend and looking at it, it appears to be one of those movies with no plot and just a lot of nudity. Well, this movie does have a plot and it's quite complicated. Some of the dialouge falls short in a few scenes, but you can't argue that this is a damned good movie. Matt Dillon stars as Sam Lombardo, a guidance counselor at Blue Bay High School. Lombardo is a lady's man, in one scene a prosecutor mentions that he's done half of Blue Bay. Well, Lombardo has a student named Kelly Van Ryan (Denise Richards, who i've never found particularly attractive but looks great in this movie) who seems to be coming onto him; Lombardo happens to be having an affair with her mother Sandra who happens to be a very powerful woman in Blue Bay. Well, one day Kelly and a friend stop by on a weekend and wash Lombardo's car for the senior car wash and then we see Kelly leaving his house with a mad look on her face. Then, Kelly says Lombardo raped her. Lombardo immediately declares his innocense and hires a lawyer (Bill Murray). Well, then another girl named Suzie Toller (Neve Campbell) says Lombardo raped her as well. Another player in the plot is Ray Duquette (Kevin Bacon), the detective investigating the rapes who is skeptical of both stories. Now, this movie is one of those films where you think you know what's going on and then they throw a wild card. After that, you think you know what's going on again and then s*it happens. Even when the movie ends, you don't know the full story until the credit sequence. The sex scenes (the most famous with Denise Richards, Matt Dillon, and Neve Campebell) are quite nice, but surprisingly the movie would be good without them. This is a really great movie and worth the $5 bucks it would cost to buy it. 
 First off I agree with the warning to not watch the trailer first because it does give away the first set up in the movie.  When Denise Richards sees Matt Dillion and his student having a water fight os such and says something like, "Is this just a game for the boys, or can anyone play?" She looks so sweet and hot that it's hard to imagine her getting rough and tough just a while later.  However she pulls ift off pretty well.  In fact they all pulle their rolls off pretty well.  I couldn't understand why Kevin Bacon seemed a bit stiffer than usual, but that was actually pretty good acting....I can't really say much more about why without giving too much of a hint at one of the twists, but it's interesting when you step back and see what he was actually doing. I give it 5 stars because it's both fun and funny, and of course very hot at times.  Well worth a look...
 This movie looks simply amazing! The color, texture and detail provided by HD-DVD are superb, this is a showcase title for the format. First a word about my setup, which is nice but far from optimal. The HD-DVD player is connected via HDMI to a Sanyo PL-Z4 projector, with an approximately 140" picture thrown onto a light beige wall. The room has little in the way of light control so we watch movies in the evening when there is less ambient light leaking through opaque cloth shades. Hardly the ideal environment to view a movie for most home theater afficionado's but my family and I thoroughly enjoy watching titles no less for it.This movie looks simply amazing! The color, texture and detail provided by HD-DVD are superb, this is a showcase title for the format. First a word about my setup, which is nice but far from optimal. The HD-DVD player is connected via HDMI to a Sanyo PL-Z4 projector, with an approximately 140" picture thrown onto a light beige wall. The room has little in the way of light control so we watch movies in the evening when there is less ambient light leaking through opaque cloth shades. Hardly the ideal environment to view a movie for most home theater afficionado's but my family and I thoroughly enjoy watching titles no less for it.Now about the title - there are no compression artifacts or mosquito noise to be found anywhere. None. I also bought this title on SD-DVD and have watched on an upscaling DVD player, both on a 57" crt bigscreen and the projector, and there are a distracting number of the aforementioned artifacts and mosquito noise in both cases. They're most noticeable on large surface solid colors, of which there are many in this movie. You'll see them "dance" and shimmer on SD-DVD, not so on HD-DVD. Now about the title - there are no compression artifacts or mosquito noise to be found anywhere. None. I also bought this title on SD-DVD and have watched on an upscaling DVD player, both on a 57" crt bigscreen and the projector, and there are a distracting number of the aforementioned artifacts and mosquito noise in both cases. They're most noticeable on large surface solid colors, of which there are many in this movie. You'll see them "dance" and shimmer on SD-DVD, not so on HD-DVD. The colors are bold and bright when appropriate, but what really struck me while watching the title were the drabbish gray scenes such as the snow-covered streets of the town with the factory looming in the background. You can make out more detail, without any obvious edge enhancement problems found in the original SD-DVD version. The lights from the townsfolk dwellings were suffused with a soft glow in this latest version, not a ringed mess.The colors are bold and bright when appropriate, but what really struck me while watching the title were the drabbish gray scenes such as the snow-covered streets of the town with the factory looming in the background. You can make out more detail, without any obvious edge enhancement problems found in the original SD-DVD version. The lights from the townsfolk dwellings were suffused with a soft glow in this latest version, not a ringed mess.The story itself is not necessarily an improvement over the original, rather its told from a slightly different perspective, giving more insight into Willie Wonka's character, and updating the other kids (Violet, Mike Teavee, etc...) to reflect a newer generation of youngsters. Mike feels a bit weak, he's portrayed as a videogame crazed violent kid in the sequence that introduces his character, then sort of disappears into the background the rest of the movie. Veruca and Violet by contrast are more prominently featured, and you'll develop more antipathy towards their characters by their actions throughout the movie. Augustus also suffers a bit but since he's the first to get ousted from the party, it's logical that he won't be as fully developed as a character. His romp through the initial scene whilst in the factory is pretty good however.The story itself is not necessarily an improvement over the original, rather its told from a slightly different perspective, giving more insight into Willie Wonka's character, and updating the other kids (Violet, Mike Teavee, etc...) to reflect a newer generation of youngsters. Mike feels a bit weak, he's portrayed as a videogame crazed violent kid in the sequence that introduces his character, then sort of disappears into the background the rest of the movie. Veruca and Violet by contrast are more prominently featured, and you'll develop more antipathy towards their characters by their actions throughout the movie. Augustus also suffers a bit but since he's the first to get ousted from the party, it's logical that he won't be as fully developed as a character. His romp through the initial scene whilst in the factory is pretty good however.Overall I'd give this 5 stars not only as a visual and audible feast for HD-DVD owners, but felt the movie was a great update to the original and stands on its own merits, even in SD-DVD presentation
 An extraordinary film, The Vanishing, brings to the screen the story of a young man as he searches for his missing girlfriend in the American Northwest.The movie falls into the action/adventure/mystery/thriller type of category.Kiefer Sutherland, Jeff Bridges, Nancy Travis, Sandra Bullock, and the rest of the cast, have truly outdone themselves with their performances, which are outstanding to say the least!  All the actors, without exceptions, give it their 100% and it really shows (the chemistry is AMAZING)! Very well written and very well presented, it allows for a highly entertaining movie that can be watched over and over again!  The setting, the plot (Jeff's strong sense of love, devotion, and determination are admirable and commendable, and an example for all to follow!), the dialogues and the music are all wonderful!In short, The Vanishing is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection!
 A great reality show, following a group of working class youths in England getting the chance to become cooks in a top UK restaurant for free.  It's highly entertaining and well worth the price.  We caught this show when we were visiting Australia and got hooked.  Also check out Jamie's School Dinners series, available on Amazon UK
 I really wish that people would stop trashing this movie for being unbeleivable and that it is so long it hurts to sit through it etc. I have watched the film 4 times and have not had a problem with the length. The movie is about a giant gorilla! It is a fantasy film kids! The original is one of my favorite movies and there is plenty to laugh at in that one as well. I think the remake is incredible.....is it better than the original? In some ways yes! in some ways no! Thats the way it goes! I still love the new one and the original and both deserve to be in everyone's movie collection! I wish Peter Jackson would try to remake Son of Kong into as good a movie.....now if he can pull that off.......;-) 
 The premier American cinematic drama is the western, and this collection brings together some bona fide classics from the golden age of westerns. This set comes with twelve discs each packaged in a cardboard slipcase with brief descriptions of the plot, every disc is double sided and contains two films on each side. There aren't any extras aside from a limited amount of scene selections.The premier American cinematic drama is the western, and this collection brings together some bona fide classics from the golden age of westerns. This set comes with twelve discs each packaged in a cardboard slipcase with brief descriptions of the plot, every disc is double sided and contains two films on each side. There aren't any extras aside from a limited amount of scene selections.It's true that the majority of these are b-films, and some are unintentionally hilarious to view today. There are some definite classics (McClintock, Under California Stars) along with plenty of simply enjoyable films.It's true that the majority of these are b-films, and some are unintentionally hilarious to view today. There are some definite classics (McClintock, Under California Stars) along with plenty of simply enjoyable films.Just a note, there are a few mistakes. For example, "The Santa Fe Trail" included on this set is *not* the 1930 Richard Arlen version. It's the 1940s Errol Flynn, Olivia Haviland version - which I personally feel is superior anyway. Also, some films were taken either directly from television (you'll see a IN STEREO flash across the screen when you play the film) or didn't transfer very well (slight distortions in video or audio) - but considering the age of these movies and the cheap price tag this is an amazing deal!Just a note, there are a few mistakes. For example, "The Santa Fe Trail" included on this set is *not* the 1930 Richard Arlen version. It's the 1940s Errol Flynn, Olivia Haviland version - which I personally feel is superior anyway. Also, some films were taken either directly from television (you'll see a IN STEREO flash across the screen when you play the film) or didn't transfer very well (slight distortions in video or audio) - but considering the age of these movies and the cheap price tag this is an amazing deal!
 The first half of this film is the most accurate portrayal of USMC boot camp I have ever seen, outside of actually being there. I've read that R. Lee Emery, who played the senior drill instructor, was initially hired to coach other actors for the role. But he did such a perfect job himself that Stanley Kubrick hired him for the job. If the film had ended after the first half alone, it would have been phenomenal.The first half of this film is the most accurate portrayal of USMC boot camp I have ever seen, outside of actually being there. I've read that R. Lee Emery, who played the senior drill instructor, was initially hired to coach other actors for the role. But he did such a perfect job himself that Stanley Kubrick hired him for the job. If the film had ended after the first half alone, it would have been phenomenal.The second half of the film portrays the same boot camp Marines from the first half who are now in Viet Nam. The tone and the setting are much different as the men engage in a number of battle situations, including a fairly gruesome scene with a female sniper. The second half of the film portrays the same boot camp Marines from the first half who are now in Viet Nam. The tone and the setting are much different as the men engage in a number of battle situations, including a fairly gruesome scene with a female sniper. Where the first half of this film is almost comical at times, the second half is much more serious and grave. Overall, this is a serious and engaging movie that brilliantly describes military experiences on and off the battlefield
 I enjoyed the movie very much.  Since I love the idea of knights and castles during the middle ages and as Merrick says when men still had honor, I wanted to join them just for the excitement and the chance of a lifetime.  Besides I'm a sap for a great looking guy saving his damsel in distress at all costs, even if it mean't changing history.  I liked that they portayed Lady Clair as a tough, stand up to the bad guy, do what needed to be done, spy for her brother to win the battle, kinda lady
 This is one of my favorite horror movies of the 1980s.  It's an updated version on an old theme:  Save the young heroine from the evil, blood-sucking vampire.This is one of my favorite horror movies of the 1980s.  It's an updated version on an old theme:  Save the young heroine from the evil, blood-sucking vampire.Chris Sarandon (Lifetime Movie Channel staple) has an absolute field day playing the villainous Jerry Dandridge.  Amanda Bearse ("Married with Children") plays Amy, the young high school target of Dandridge's desires.  And William Ragsdale (a Hollywood newcomer at the time) plays Charley, the young hero who does his best to convince others to help him save Amy.Chris Sarandon (Lifetime Movie Channel staple) has an absolute field day playing the villainous Jerry Dandridge.  Amanda Bearse ("Married with Children") plays Amy, the young high school target of Dandridge's desires.  And William Ragsdale (a Hollywood newcomer at the time) plays Charley, the young hero who does his best to convince others to help him save Amy.No one really believes Charley's rantings that his new neighbor next door is a vampire.  Charley's geeky best friend (played devilishly well by Stephen Geoffreys) doesn't believe him; nor does Amy.No one really believes Charley's rantings that his new neighbor next door is a vampire.  Charley's geeky best friend (played devilishly well by Stephen Geoffreys) doesn't believe him; nor does Amy.Desperate, Charley enlists the help of has-been horror actor and TV host "Peter Vincent, Vampire Killer."  Equally desperate, Vincent takes the job as Charley's "savior" because he was fired as TV host and needs the money.Desperate, Charley enlists the help of has-been horror actor and TV host "Peter Vincent, Vampire Killer."  Equally desperate, Vincent takes the job as Charley's "savior" because he was fired as TV host and needs the money.Roddy McDowall plays Peter Vincent extraordinarily well - first as an actor out to (wink-wink) "convince" Charley that Jerry Dandridge is NOT a vampire, and then genuinely terrified when he discovers evidence that Charley's suspicions are true.Roddy McDowall plays Peter Vincent extraordinarily well - first as an actor out to (wink-wink) "convince" Charley that Jerry Dandridge is NOT a vampire, and then genuinely terrified when he discovers evidence that Charley's suspicions are true.Dandridge, upon meeting Amy, sees her unearthly resemblance to a woman he once loved.  He is immediately infatuated with the young girl. Dandridge, upon meeting Amy, sees her unearthly resemblance to a woman he once loved.  He is immediately infatuated with the young girl. But first, realizing his secret is out, Dandridge acts quickly to rid himself of the problem of Charley and his pesky friends.But first, realizing his secret is out, Dandridge acts quickly to rid himself of the problem of Charley and his pesky friends.The special makeup effects in this film are terrific and imaginative.  The script is tightly written and well acted and Tom Holland's direction makes it work.  (Holland's other works include "Child's Play," "Thinner," "The Temp," and "Thinner").The special makeup effects in this film are terrific and imaginative.  The script is tightly written and well acted and Tom Holland's direction makes it work.  (Holland's other works include "Child's Play," "Thinner," "The Temp," and "Thinner").The DVD transfer is sharp and clean.  The disc features both a standard full screen version (4:3) and a widescreen version (2.35:1).  Sound is presented as 2-channel, Dolby Surround.The DVD transfer is sharp and clean.  The disc features both a standard full screen version (4:3) and a widescreen version (2.35:1).  Sound is presented as 2-channel, Dolby Surround.The only DVD extra is the theatrical trailer.  Sub-titles are available in several languages:  English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Chinese, Korean, and Thai.  The disc is also close-captioned for the hearing impaired.The only DVD extra is the theatrical trailer.  Sub-titles are available in several languages:  English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Chinese, Korean, and Thai.  The disc is also close-captioned for the hearing impaired.Specs:  Running time:  116 mins.Copyright 1985 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.Copyright 1998 Layout and Design Columbia TriStar Home Vide
 This DVD kick starts the longest running animated prime-time show ever. The first season was an experiement to the show. There are many solid episodes in this 13 episode season like Bart the General, Call of the Simpsons, Krusty Gets Busted and Some Enchanted Evening.This DVD kick starts the longest running animated prime-time show ever. The first season was an experiement to the show. There are many solid episodes in this 13 episode season like Bart the General, Call of the Simpsons, Krusty Gets Busted and Some Enchanted Evening.I'll review each episode and give it a rating.I'll review each episode and give it a rating.Simpsons Roasting On An Open Fire: Homer becomes a Santa at the mall to earn money for christmas.Rating 8.7/10Rating 8.7/10Bart the Genius: Bart cheats on his amplitude test at school and is sent to a genius school.Rating: 8.9/10Rating: 8.9/10Homer's Odyessy: Homer is fired from the power plant and becomes a crusader for citizen safety in Springfeld.Rating: 8.6/10Rating: 8.6/10There's No Disgrace Like Home: Homer tries to get his family more civilized.Rating: 8.8/10Rating: 8.8/10Bart the General: Bart tries to get back on Nelson Muntz, the school bulley.Rating: 9.0/10Rating: 9.0/10Moaning Lisa: Lisa is depressed and meets Bleeding Gums Murphy. Homer tries to get better at beating Bart in video games.Rating: 8.0/10Rating: 8.0/10The Call of the Simpsons: The Simpsons are stuck in the jungle after their RV falls off a cliff.Rating: 9.1/10Rating: 9.1/10The Telltale Head: Bart saws off the head of Jebediah Springfeld to impress Jimbo Jones and his friends.Rating: 8.5/10Rating: 8.5/10Life on the Fast Lane: Marge takes bowling lessons and falls in love with Jaques, the bowling instructer.Rating: 8.3/10Rating: 8.3/10Homer's Night Out: Marge is mad at Homer made after Bart takes a picture of Homer dancing with belly dancer.Rating: 8.4/10Rating: 8.4/10The Crepes of Wrath: Bart is sent to Paris as part of a foreign exhange program.Rating: 8.6/10Rating: 8.6/10Krusty Gets Busted: Krusty is framed by Sideshow Bob.Rating: 9.2/10Rating: 9.2/10Some Enchanted Evening: Homer and Marge go out for the night. Bart, Lisa, and Maggie are left with the Babysitter Bandit.Rating: 9.1/10Rating: 9.1/10All in all, the Simpsons first season was an O.K. season. Very crude animation, and not normal voices compared to later seasons. Hey they were an experiment so it wasn't that bad.All in all, the Simpsons first season was an O.K. season. Very crude animation, and not normal voices compared to later seasons. Hey they were an experiment so it wasn't that bad.Rating: 8.6/1
 This is one of my favorite movies of all time--having it on DVD so I can select a scene just makes it better.  The only complaint I have is that there are no subtitles available (at far as I can tell)--otherwise it's great--a faithful rendition of a classic story.  I think Jane Austen would be pleased.
 See how the creative process works when making the world's best selling album ever. Great insight on the a band coming together as one. Interviews are great
 Ok, I understand the male and female symbols used on the movie logo.Those represent the male and female viewpoints of the main two characters.They are the traditional "Mars" and "Venus" symbols representing masculinity and femininity. I also understand the last symbol representing "infinity", a never-ending loop symbolizing an ideal marriage that will last forever. Or maybe the propagation of "eternal life" by the offspring of the parents carrying on their genes into eternity. But what is to be made of the star and dagger symbol??? But what is to be made of the star and dagger symbol??? Are these symbols somehow representing a conflict of religious values?(The Star of David representing Judaism and a cross representing Christianity)(The Star of David representing Judaism and a cross representing Christianity)I haven't seen the movie in years but I don't remember a conflict in religious beliefs being part of the plot.I haven't seen the movie in years but I don't remember a conflict in religious beliefs being part of the plot.I haven't seen the movie in years but I don't remember a conflict in religious beliefs being part of the plot.Please also forward your thoughts to VBoston at aol.com. Please also forward your thoughts to VBoston at aol.com. 
 Three Stooges meet &quot;Waiting for Godot.&quot;  Lurie, Waits and Benigni turn in great performances.  They've been locked up in a Lousiana penitentiary for being in the wrong place at the wrong time.  Jarmusch gives you each of their sordid lives in turn before throwing them together in a jail cell.  Benigni plays wonderfully off Lurie and Waits, culminating in a hilarious version of &quot;I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice scream.&quot;  Eventually, they find the light at the end of a tunnel, only to have to escape through a swamp.  Jarmusch gives his characters plenty of room, making for many amusing interchanges.  Jarmusch provides deft camera work and his usual wonderful eye for detail to make this his most memorable film
 Okay, how many of you liked cheerleaders in your school or anybody who tried out for pageants?  Unless you were one of the misery causing bee-otches, you didn't.  This movie not only effectively makes fun of the way girls treat each other in the pageant arena, but takes a good crackshot at the mothers (Kirstie Alley's character is a real gem!).  It also makes fun of the people in Minnesota.  I see lots of reviewers from that state whining about this film, but heard the term "midwest" used far more often.  We feel your pain, but I would have laughed had they picked my state (which is very close to MN).  They poke fun at hunters, Lutherans (yes, I'm one), and lutefisk for lunch in high school (I'm also of Norwegian decent).  Okay, how many of you liked cheerleaders in your school or anybody who tried out for pageants?  Unless you were one of the misery causing bee-otches, you didn't.  This movie not only effectively makes fun of the way girls treat each other in the pageant arena, but takes a good crackshot at the mothers (Kirstie Alley's character is a real gem!).  It also makes fun of the people in Minnesota.  I see lots of reviewers from that state whining about this film, but heard the term "midwest" used far more often.  We feel your pain, but I would have laughed had they picked my state (which is very close to MN).  They poke fun at hunters, Lutherans (yes, I'm one), and lutefisk for lunch in high school (I'm also of Norwegian decent).  The most fun to be had is the way this movie spoofs how nasty women can be regardless of class warfare, and what lengths some of them will go to just to get their way.  Funny and dead-on like the nailhead beneath a hammer, this movie is a nasty and fun treat for everyone who has ever been treated badly by the so-called local uppercrust.  Enjoy 100 minutes of vengeance, and then go out into the world feeling better about the fact that you're definitely not alone!
 Art history has always been an interest of mine, and I'm a big fan of other art movies such as "Girl With a Pearl Earing" and "Merchant of Venice." So when I found out about Modigliani I was happy to take the time to go watch it. Not only was it worth my time, but it was a beautiful filmed movie that depicted the life of a very passionate man in a time when passion wasn't looked fondly on. Art history has always been an interest of mine, and I'm a big fan of other art movies such as "Girl With a Pearl Earing" and "Merchant of Venice." So when I found out about Modigliani I was happy to take the time to go watch it. Not only was it worth my time, but it was a beautiful filmed movie that depicted the life of a very passionate man in a time when passion wasn't looked fondly on. Everything about the movie is amazing, from the sets to the acting. I feel this is one of Andy Garcia's best films in some time, not only is he convincing, but he fits the part of Modigliani better than any other actor could. They focused the movie around his rivalry with Picasso, which I find to be one of the most interesting things about it. You don't only get an insight into one artist, but many. You see the life the artists were living and the obstacles they had to overcome to get their art out into the world. Everything about the movie is amazing, from the sets to the acting. I feel this is one of Andy Garcia's best films in some time, not only is he convincing, but he fits the part of Modigliani better than any other actor could. They focused the movie around his rivalry with Picasso, which I find to be one of the most interesting things about it. You don't only get an insight into one artist, but many. You see the life the artists were living and the obstacles they had to overcome to get their art out into the world. Modigliani also had a tragic romance with a young catholic girl, who's father didn't want her with the struggling painter. The story is the perfect depiction of the religious standards in that time period. Modigliani also had a tragic romance with a young catholic girl, who's father didn't want her with the struggling painter. The story is the perfect depiction of the religious standards in that time period. Overall this was a great movie, and I would strongly suggest that you take the time to check it out. You won't regret it, it's probably one of the best movies of the year
 I have both Madonna Grimes workouts DVD's and fell in love with her 10 minute workouts.  It was a great way to start my day, I was hoping that this tape included two new workouts alas they were the same, but with disapointment comes satisfaction.  The other 10 minute workouts give me a chance to change my early morning workouts, and learn a workout that I never thought that I would learn and enjoy doing.  Jayna's bellydance helps you to feel sexy and still enjoy the feeling you get from her low impact toning,  also great moves you can use for other reasons.    Rania's upper body is really fun, some of the steps are a little harder to do on carpet since you do this barefoot.  Suhaila workout I am intimidated by. I have not been able to watch it long enough to complete it.  I have a little trouble getting past the control that she has on her butt cheeks.  She can contract them one at a time.  Some mornings I get enough energy and do multiple workouts from this tape. They are really fun. This tape has a bonus YOGA, I had never tried YOGA and this gave me an opportunity to try it.  I highly recommeded this DVD/VHS. I love the 10 minute workouts.  With this DVD/VHS there are no excuses you can always find 10 minutes in a day.   
 WM 2000 HAD 2 GREAT MATCHES WITCH WERE THE TRANGLE LADDER MATCH AND THE FATAL 4 WAY MATCH FOR THE WWE CHAMPIONSHIP. WM 17S BEST MATCHES WERE CHRIS BENOIT VS KURT ANGLE,VINCE MCHMAHN VS SHANE MCHMAHN IN A STREET FIGHT,THE TLC MATCH,UNDERTAKER VS HHH,AND THE MAIN EVENT THE ROCK VS STONE COLD FOR THE WWE CHAMPIONSHIP. MATCH OF THE NIGHT FOR WM 18 WAS THE ROCK VS HULK HOGAN. WM 19 HAD 4 GREAT MATCHES AND THEY WERE SHAWN MICHELS VS CHRIS JHERICO,HULK HOGAN VS VINCE MCHMAHN IN A STREET FIGHT,THE ROCK VS STONE COLD, AND BROCK LESNER VS KURT ANGLE FOR THE WWE CHAMPIONSHIP. AND WM 20S BEST MATCHES WERE EDDIE GUERRO VS KURT ANGLE AND CHRIS BENOIT VS SHAWN MICHELS VS HHH. BUY THIS!!!
 I just finished watching When Harry Met Sally for probably the tenth time.  It's been years since I've seen it and I enjoyed watching it with a new girlfriend.  I couldn't get over the fact that I still laughed several times, almost as if I'd never seen the movie before.I just finished watching When Harry Met Sally for probably the tenth time.  It's been years since I've seen it and I enjoyed watching it with a new girlfriend.  I couldn't get over the fact that I still laughed several times, almost as if I'd never seen the movie before.My interpretation, after all these years, was that the movie showed how people and relationships evolve over the years and how this movie realistically depicted couples going through the paces of petty arguments, infatuation, etc. without stooping to sugary sentiment.  I took Harry and Sally as unique individuals with their human quirks that made them more lovable.  I didn't see them as somehow representative of "all men" or "all women."My interpretation, after all these years, was that the movie showed how people and relationships evolve over the years and how this movie realistically depicted couples going through the paces of petty arguments, infatuation, etc. without stooping to sugary sentiment.  I took Harry and Sally as unique individuals with their human quirks that made them more lovable.  I didn't see them as somehow representative of "all men" or "all women."Then I watched the extra documentary on the DVD which I had never seen until now.  Big mistake.  My new "interpretation" of the film was suddenly cast aside as I remembered that I actually didn't like this movie as much when it first came out.  Then I watched the extra documentary on the DVD which I had never seen until now.  Big mistake.  My new "interpretation" of the film was suddenly cast aside as I remembered that I actually didn't like this movie as much when it first came out.  Over time I had grown to accept the fact that I could still like a movie and its characters without actually agreeing with what they said or how they behaved.  What I had forgotten was Billy Crystal's, Rob Reiner's (director) and Nora Ephron's (writer) agenda that these two characters actually were supposed to represent the genders.  Gag.Over time I had grown to accept the fact that I could still like a movie and its characters without actually agreeing with what they said or how they behaved.  What I had forgotten was Billy Crystal's, Rob Reiner's (director) and Nora Ephron's (writer) agenda that these two characters actually were supposed to represent the genders.  Gag.The views of the characters are presented as if they were fact.  Men supposedly always think about sex and can't be friends with women.  Most if not all women have faked an orgasm.  All men are clueless to the fakery.  And so on.The views of the characters are presented as if they were fact.  Men supposedly always think about sex and can't be friends with women.  Most if not all women have faked an orgasm.  All men are clueless to the fakery.  And so on.I can only hope that these dinosour views are only representative of the Boomer generation and older folks (no one on this film is even close being a member of Gen X) because this does not represent the reality of all humans.  You'll notice in the documentary that they only interview people above the age of 40 to "prove" their case.  If they'd interviewed an empowered 25 year old woman maybe she would have let them have it - "No, I won't fake it.  If he sucks in bed I'm going to tell him." And as for men, some of us younger ones are actually perceptive enough to actually know when the woman does fake it.I can only hope that these dinosour views are only representative of the Boomer generation and older folks (no one on this film is even close being a member of Gen X) because this does not represent the reality of all humans.  You'll notice in the documentary that they only interview people above the age of 40 to "prove" their case.  If they'd interviewed an empowered 25 year old woman maybe she would have let them have it - "No, I won't fake it.  If he sucks in bed I'm going to tell him." And as for men, some of us younger ones are actually perceptive enough to actually know when the woman does fake it.None of this changes this classic film.  That's the great thing about art - it's open to interpretation.  I can watch this film and define it my way - two unique and funny people who took a long time to get their act together and fall in love. Otherwise, I'd hate this movie.  But I won't give Reinder, Ephron et al that much power.  Just because they were narrow minded about gender roles doesn't mean I have to be about their film.None of this changes this classic film.  That's the great thing about art - it's open to interpretation.  I can watch this film and define it my way - two unique and funny people who took a long time to get their act together and fall in love. Otherwise, I'd hate this movie.  But I won't give Reinder, Ephron et al that much power.  Just because they were narrow minded about gender roles doesn't mean I have to be about their film.If you agree with the characters in the film, by all means, watch the documentary.  But if you see the movie as being about two interesting characters, pass it by.  Don't let a DVD extra taint your pov
 The movie was Great!!  But they left a few things out in the movie that were in the book!!  There were more siblings in the book.  But this is still a must see and must read!
 Love the book - couldn't wait for the movie and was not disappointed!  I have watched it many times, and enjoy it each time.  The story was so involved and the movie just about captured every event, which is why it took two DVDs or 3 CDs (yes I have both) to show the entire story. A great way to spend a cold, winter day
 This is one of the best photography documentary I have ever seen. I love photojournalism and this is as good as it gets. I love the story narration that this DVD succeeds in. James Nachtwey is the greatest ever to have photographed all the atrocities up close and personal. You can feel the pain, agony and raw human emotion in his photographs. He is right in the middle of shooting with mostly a wide angle just a few feet away from danger. It needs guts and commitment to do a job which has constant fear of getting killed.I salute you.....James NachtweyI salute you.....James NachtweyYou inspire me.You inspire me.- Uday 
 The seventh season was the season that got me hooked to south park. Specifically episode number 712-all about the mormons. That was the first episode that got me into the show, and I haven't stopped watching since.  The season list includes the following:704-Cancelled 702-Krazy kripples 703-Toilet paper 701-I`m a little bit country 705-Fat butt and pancake head 706-Lil`crime stopper 707-Red man`s greed 708-South park is guay! 709-Christian rock hard 710-Gray dawn 711-Casa bonita 712-All about the mormons? 713-Butt out 714-Raisins 715-Its christmas in canada 715-Its christmas in canada also favorites from this season include 701-I'm a little bit country, which has the kids working on a report to present at the Anti-War/Pro-war rallies. I just love cartman's flashback in time to 1776.   Also, episode 709-Christian hard rock, Cartman and his band Faith +1 make it big in christian music to try and score a platinum album before Kyle does, all over a $20 bet.  Finally, Episode 708-South Park is Guay...What can I say..Crab People...who the heck thinks of Crab People.  In all, this is the season that continues to have me in stitches, and if you can only own one season of southpark, I believe this is the one. I myself have them all, but this is the season I believe stands above the rest.  
 Absolutely brilliant! If you are a South Park fan, this has got to be added to your collection. Matt and Trey have lost none of their wit and I can't wait until the eigth season is released! I had to purchase it from the USA (I live in England) as it's not yet available over here and it actually cost less to buy and have it shipped over than it was to buy the previous six seasons in the shops
 I really enjoyed this DVD.  It was sent through the postal system in very guickly.  Thanks
 If your not already hooked on the story of these interns you have some catching up to do. Its not your typical medical drama and certainly worth watching..
 Movie was pretty good. Coming of life story about a boy from Jersey trying to make it as a bartender in the hottest club in the city. Addresses teen issues such as, drug abuse, sex, betrayal, jealously and family
 I owned this movie in full screen on VHS. The quality of the transfer of "Apollo 13" with the wide screen and the incredible clearity 0f HD that was never possible before, makes this movie a true cinematic experience. One of Tom Hanks' best movies!. I owned this movie in full screen on VHS. The quality of the transfer of "Apollo 13" with the wide screen and the incredible clearity 0f HD that was never possible before, makes this movie a true cinematic experience. One of Tom Hanks' best movies!. Since we're revewing here the HD version, I own a new Samsung 61" HDTV and the Toshiba HD-A1 ($399 from Amazon). An incredible improvement over my 1998 60" Standard Sony TV. If you have the right setup, it is the true home theater dream that we all hoped for since the dawn of home video back in the late 70's or early 80's. Be sure you use the HDMI cable or at least component connection. Since we're revewing here the HD version, I own a new Samsung 61" HDTV and the Toshiba HD-A1 ($399 from Amazon). An incredible improvement over my 1998 60" Standard Sony TV. If you have the right setup, it is the true home theater dream that we all hoped for since the dawn of home video back in the late 70's or early 80's. Be sure you use the HDMI cable or at least component connection. The audio track is also Great! With the right Dolby Digital/Plus 5.1 receiver/Speaker/Placement.The audio track is also Great! With the right Dolby Digital/Plus 5.1 receiver/Speaker/Placement.Also, lots of Extras on the NTSC US version, including interviews with Hanks and some of the real astronauts
 Great movie! Make it part of your collection. Good story, beautiful video and great sound. Turn your volume up on the blast-off and you will feel the power!
 This movie is a real departure for the director, Akira Kurosawa, in that it blends his humanistic inspirational-type movies, like "Ikiru" with a bit of action and drama "Yojimbo, Sanjuro."  The majority of the movie follows a young and arrogant doctor forced to work in a rural and poor region of Japan under a domineering senior doctor.  Naturally, everybody learns a lesson about life and both the doctors and patients are seen in their human weakness and grandeour.  Midway through the movie, out of nowhere, one of the best action sequences in movie history occurs just before the intermission.  It is shocking because it is such a departure from the tone and is also so brief, confusing, and brutal.  Toshiro Mifune and Kurosawa never worked together again after this movie and the director's work changed radically.  Still good, but I'll always prefer the b&w epics the two of them made together.
 Ahh remincing about the old days of youth. This DVD is great for the young and the old w/ comedy that surpasses all generation. Its a great gift
 I bought this only because i loved the first one, hoping it wasn't as terrible as the second. After i watched it i was so impressed. First of all i loved that it really didn't have anything to do with the first, aside from Cassidy being Katherine's cousin,and sharing the same last name (there is only one reference to Katherine and Sebastian in the beginning). It is much better than having different actors playing old characters, which drags a movie down alot. I thought the story was great,  with good twists.The whole cast is very attractive, which can't hurt either. The "bad" characters are all pretty likeable, aside from one, and all is well in the end. The best thing about this movie is the character Cassidy. I sarted out hating her, and ended up really liking her for her realness, and honesty she does not try to hide that she is a b*tch.  This actress does a particularly good job, pulling off both loveable, and complete brat at the same time.  I would definetly reccomend this movie.
 Goal! is a well-done soccer version of the road to glory in athletics.  It is a true Cinderella story that makes the impossible possible and fulfills the one in a million shot at stardom.  Goal! is a well-done soccer version of the road to glory in athletics.  It is a true Cinderella story that makes the impossible possible and fulfills the one in a million shot at stardom.  The soccer player, a young hispanic man in Los Angeles, gets a one-time chance to tryout for English Premier League power Newcastle.  As the movie progresses, more and more people believe in the young man's dream.The soccer player, a young hispanic man in Los Angeles, gets a one-time chance to tryout for English Premier League power Newcastle.  As the movie progresses, more and more people believe in the young man's dream.His family relationships are present and well-developed in the movie as is a budding romance.  We see the young player learn about the consequences of his decisions.  There are enough conflicts and challenges in this movie that keep it interesting.His family relationships are present and well-developed in the movie as is a budding romance.  We see the young player learn about the consequences of his decisions.  There are enough conflicts and challenges in this movie that keep it interesting.The soccer presented in the movie is very well-done. We see actual professional players make cameo's on and off the pitch..no headbutts, though.  A few times I felt like I was watching an actual English Premier League game...there are just a few too many spin moves over the ball but they look cool.The soccer presented in the movie is very well-done. We see actual professional players make cameo's on and off the pitch..no headbutts, though.  A few times I felt like I was watching an actual English Premier League game...there are just a few too many spin moves over the ball but they look cool.This is a good movie with a good begining and good ending. I am glad I watched it and recommend it especially to soccer fans
 I can't believe anyone would give this wonderful movie less than 5 stars.  I don't know what the deal is with the sudden burst of negative reviews, but this is certainly NOT a bad movie.  I was in 7th grade when it came out and I remember how popular it was back then.  Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE loved it.  No one said they didn't like it.  Even my dad to this day says he wouldn't mind watching the movie a few more times, and he NEVER wants to watch a movie more than two times.  I can't believe anyone would give this wonderful movie less than 5 stars.  I don't know what the deal is with the sudden burst of negative reviews, but this is certainly NOT a bad movie.  I was in 7th grade when it came out and I remember how popular it was back then.  Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE loved it.  No one said they didn't like it.  Even my dad to this day says he wouldn't mind watching the movie a few more times, and he NEVER wants to watch a movie more than two times.  The actors, the direction, the story EVERYTHING about this movie worked.  It's a movie that will remain a classic forever.  There's something here for everyone. 
 This movie still rocks after all these years since it first came out.  An excellent and energetic movie from the start. Plot is cutesy.  It serves as a vehicle for the wonderful selection of songs and dance sequences.  However, I think this version of the movie is missing a few scenes?  I would rate this movie version with 5 stars had it been unedited to me.This movie still rocks after all these years since it first came out.  An excellent and energetic movie from the start. Plot is cutesy.  It serves as a vehicle for the wonderful selection of songs and dance sequences.  However, I think this version of the movie is missing a few scenes?  I would rate this movie version with 5 stars had it been unedited to me.If memory serves me, didn't Alex receive a letter from her friend, Hannah, when Alex discovered Hannah passed away?  Isn't there a reconnection at the end between Mickey and Alex's (girl)friend whom the latter was dating?  Wasn't there more of a story build-up between Alex and her boss?  If this version is cut in anyway, I prefer getting the complete and unedited version.  I find this version incomplete somehow.If memory serves me, didn't Alex receive a letter from her friend, Hannah, when Alex discovered Hannah passed away?  Isn't there a reconnection at the end between Mickey and Alex's (girl)friend whom the latter was dating?  Wasn't there more of a story build-up between Alex and her boss?  If this version is cut in anyway, I prefer getting the complete and unedited version.  I find this version incomplete somehow.But Jennifer Beals looks terrific and one wonders why she didn't star in more movies for her generation
 Now, THIS is a rock n' roll show from Rock's "good guys". Pearl Jam is probably the most important band ever in American music. They are to the US what Led Zeppelin was to Britain. This concert is a fantastic representation of their mature post-millenium shows. No, you won't see a lot of crowd-surfing or moshing any more from these 30 and 40 somethings, just a LOT of great music, and wonderful lyrics. Mike McCready is quite possibly one of the world's most underrated, soulful guitarists, and his playing just sounds even better when you can see what those fingers are doing. At first, I was not a fan of adding Boom Gaspar to the shows, but I have come to quite enjoy his contributions and pretty much consider him a bona fide member of the band, as I do Matt Cameron, who filled in a "revolving throne" back when Jack Irons left due to back problems after "Yield".Now, THIS is a rock n' roll show from Rock's "good guys". Pearl Jam is probably the most important band ever in American music. They are to the US what Led Zeppelin was to Britain. This concert is a fantastic representation of their mature post-millenium shows. No, you won't see a lot of crowd-surfing or moshing any more from these 30 and 40 somethings, just a LOT of great music, and wonderful lyrics. Mike McCready is quite possibly one of the world's most underrated, soulful guitarists, and his playing just sounds even better when you can see what those fingers are doing. At first, I was not a fan of adding Boom Gaspar to the shows, but I have come to quite enjoy his contributions and pretty much consider him a bona fide member of the band, as I do Matt Cameron, who filled in a "revolving throne" back when Jack Irons left due to back problems after "Yield".There are some true gems on this recording, and the concert goes on and on with LOTS of music and a nice long encore. The crowd is in the thing from the beginning, and the band is "on" and every member is in their 'zone', and seems to be having a fantastic time...only Cameron, true to form, seems a bit "stoic". Highlights of this DVD are "Lukin", "Black", "Thumbing my Way", "Last Exit", and "Save You"; however, the band just goes to a heavenly plane with "Low light", "Faithful", and "In My Tree". There ain't much from versus and 10 on this one, with the band more oriented towards their more "organic", "laid-back", and "vibey" post-Vitalogy feel, which has turned off some of the "hard rocking" PJ fans; however, if you listen back, PJ has always had the pensive, laid back rockers, even in the explosive days of the early 90's with songs like "Black", "Daughter", "Alive", "Oceans" and the like. Just because the band has chosen to explore other instruments and rhythms and to mature as a complete organism has caused some to reject them because they don't rock "hard enough"...There are some true gems on this recording, and the concert goes on and on with LOTS of music and a nice long encore. The crowd is in the thing from the beginning, and the band is "on" and every member is in their 'zone', and seems to be having a fantastic time...only Cameron, true to form, seems a bit "stoic". Highlights of this DVD are "Lukin", "Black", "Thumbing my Way", "Last Exit", and "Save You"; however, the band just goes to a heavenly plane with "Low light", "Faithful", and "In My Tree". There ain't much from versus and 10 on this one, with the band more oriented towards their more "organic", "laid-back", and "vibey" post-Vitalogy feel, which has turned off some of the "hard rocking" PJ fans; however, if you listen back, PJ has always had the pensive, laid back rockers, even in the explosive days of the early 90's with songs like "Black", "Daughter", "Alive", "Oceans" and the like. Just because the band has chosen to explore other instruments and rhythms and to mature as a complete organism has caused some to reject them because they don't rock "hard enough"...And that is ridiculous, as one will see on these DVD's. This is the best representation of PJ's wonderful live shows on "official" record. Ben Harper makes a wonderful appearance or two, as does Tony Barber, the Bass player for the Buzzcocks, who is forever immortalized on DVD for not knowing the bassline for "Sonic Reducer"...And that is ridiculous, as one will see on these DVD's. This is the best representation of PJ's wonderful live shows on "official" record. Ben Harper makes a wonderful appearance or two, as does Tony Barber, the Bass player for the Buzzcocks, who is forever immortalized on DVD for not knowing the bassline for "Sonic Reducer"...Overall, the performance is just about as tight as a live performance gets, and the camera angles and picture quality is pretty good most of the time. The extras are good, but Ed's solo guitar version of "Dead Man" stands out as a heartfelt, amazing performance. "Down", an underrated song from the B-side record, "LOst Dogs", is merely a backdrop for some behind-the-scenes footage, which is fine, but I'd much rather HEAR what the boys are saying, and see a LIVE performance of the song...Overall, the performance is just about as tight as a live performance gets, and the camera angles and picture quality is pretty good most of the time. The extras are good, but Ed's solo guitar version of "Dead Man" stands out as a heartfelt, amazing performance. "Down", an underrated song from the B-side record, "LOst Dogs", is merely a backdrop for some behind-the-scenes footage, which is fine, but I'd much rather HEAR what the boys are saying, and see a LIVE performance of the song...If you're a fan of Rock and Roll or Pearl Jam, you already own this DVD. If you're just now waking up from your coma, then get this NOW! Study it, learn the methods of PJ, and you, too, can become the best band in America! Ex-Frat Boys who only know "Even Flow" and "Alive" need not apply..
 Wonderful show, fun episodes, great actors. DVD Boxset comes with confidentials with behind the scene footage. However, the confidentials are shortened versions from the full confidentials shown on television. But only footage of the old series of Doctor Who was removed.Wonderful show, fun episodes, great actors. DVD Boxset comes with confidentials with behind the scene footage. However, the confidentials are shortened versions from the full confidentials shown on television. But only footage of the old series of Doctor Who was removed.Worth the money
 what can I say, on a scale of 1 thru 10 this movie goes to 11!
 Most people doesn't realize that this band SUCK'S!!!!I AM a "HARD-CORE ROCKER FAN" but please!! Is not because this band doesn't know how to play music or is fictional, is beacause it suck's!! I AM a "HARD-CORE ROCKER FAN" but please!! Is not because this band doesn't know how to play music or is fictional, is beacause it suck's!! The reason that Spinal Tap suck's is because of their bloopers in live-concert and most of all THEIR STUPID LYRICS!!!!! I mean:"YOU KNOW WHAT I NEED, OR MAYBE YOU DON'T!!!!!??????""LISEN, SHHHHH!! WHAT THE FLOWER PEOPLE SAY AAAAAHHHHH!!!!!?????""THE CATS MEOW!!!???""SEX FARM WOMAN!!!???""BIG BUTTON!!!!??""I JUST WANT TO MAKE SOME EARDRUMS BLEED!!!!????""I JUST WANT TO MAKE SOME EARDRUMS BLEED!!!!????"COME ON! PEOPLE!!!! Try to realize why this movie is sooo funny! BEACUSE ALL THE PEOPLE LIKE A BAND THAT IS PURE GARBAGE!!!!!!But don't get me wrong! I did enjoy this movie(documentary really) because is a parody of the rock bands in the 60's, 70's and early 80's. And their music is LOUD, FAST and HEAVY!!!But don't get me wrong! I did enjoy this movie(documentary really) because is a parody of the rock bands in the 60's, 70's and early 80's. And their music is LOUD, FAST and HEAVY!!!Adios.            
 This is a fascinating look at the journey through the first 5 books of the bible.  It's a visual foundation for stories that all three major religions, the Jews, the Christians and the Muslims, hold sacred to their faith and their traditions.  As a documentary, the journey takes place "today" in the midst of the modern-day struggles and misunderstandings that make it realistic and thought-provoking for our faith today.This is a fascinating look at the journey through the first 5 books of the bible.  It's a visual foundation for stories that all three major religions, the Jews, the Christians and the Muslims, hold sacred to their faith and their traditions.  As a documentary, the journey takes place "today" in the midst of the modern-day struggles and misunderstandings that make it realistic and thought-provoking for our faith today.If you want to understand the bible, this is an amazing way to see the stories that most people of the world hold as sacred to their beliefs and faith
 I love Sandra Bullock movies.  In this movie she is so innocent and falls in love with a man she has never spoken to but saves his life on the CTA.  In the time that he is still in a coma his family, thinking she is their son's fiancee, fall in love with her.  She inadvertantly falls in love with his brother.  I jus love the Cinderella story line.  She is fantastic as well as the family and especially Bill Pullman
 While Roman Polanski was avoiding authories in America in 1988, he managed to put together a superb suspense thriller.  It stars Harrison Ford in a rather unique role; that of a doctor, an every man type such as Jimmy Stewart in "The Man Who Knew Too Much" without the Indiana Jones hype.  Although filmed 18 years ago, it seems more contemporary that ever.  A fine thriller that even Hitch would approve!While Roman Polanski was avoiding authories in America in 1988, he managed to put together a superb suspense thriller.  It stars Harrison Ford in a rather unique role; that of a doctor, an every man type such as Jimmy Stewart in "The Man Who Knew Too Much" without the Indiana Jones hype.  Although filmed 18 years ago, it seems more contemporary that ever.  A fine thriller that even Hitch would approve!What is NOT contemporary is the fact that we consumers here in Region 1 - North America, that's right, Canada too, get nothing but JUNK & GARBAGE from the releasing studios.  Lousy, grainy transfers in the edited Pan & Scan format; not fit for anything but a 7" DVD personal viewer, MAYBE!  Why is this and most any other post-1953 movie presented in it's original aspect ratio available in Region 2 - Europe but not on this side of the pond?  Disney is by far the major offender in this area but hey, what say you Warner Bros.?What is NOT contemporary is the fact that we consumers here in Region 1 - North America, that's right, Canada too, get nothing but JUNK & GARBAGE from the releasing studios.  Lousy, grainy transfers in the edited Pan & Scan format; not fit for anything but a 7" DVD personal viewer, MAYBE!  Why is this and most any other post-1953 movie presented in it's original aspect ratio available in Region 2 - Europe but not on this side of the pond?  Disney is by far the major offender in this area but hey, what say you Warner Bros.?It was always thought that the mighty oceans would protect us from our enemies, both foreign and domestic.  9/11 proved that wrong, and I guess nobody though of Hollywood as a band of American Home Video terrorists, a silly statement but ever so true!  This Region 1 DVD release of "Frantic" says it all
 Nice movie with a resonable story and a keeper for anyone looking to add in his collection great nude scenes with Angelina Jolie.Nice movie with a resonable story and a keeper for anyone looking to add in his collection great nude scenes with Angelina Jolie.:-
 This is a great documentary. Alex Jones is not a nut, just very passionate about the quality (or lack) of our governments. This is a great documentary. Alex Jones is not a nut, just very passionate about the quality (or lack) of our governments. Our leaders are swine, and so are our neighbors if they continue to be willfully ignorant of these truths.
 The Replicant proves that Van Damme can really act.  He again portrays two people as in Double Impact.  He is both a villan and his DNA duplicate...hence "Replicant".  Van Damme displays a great range of emotions as the Replicant like a child discovering the world.  As the villan he's truly psycho.  The feds make the Replicant of this serial killer called the Torch in hopes of learning how to catch him.  The story line will keep you watching, in suspense and guessing.  Don't look for all of the usual martial arts scenes here
 Everyone should see this movie...It does not matter if your Gay or Straight. 
 After much debate, I decided to view this film with an open mind.  The performances are outstanding.  I really liked the music composition, as it flowed gently with the story.   In a way, I'm glad this film didnt't win "Best Picture".  For one reason.  The on-location scenery is absolutely breathtaking to watch.  Maybe its too perfect.  Later on, We find out it's not Wyoming, but it Alberta, Canada.  Take a star away!   Overall, this is a movie that will advance gay right in the United States.  For those who don't like it, "the train has left the station!
 Astonishing. You have to see it to believe. Just turn off the lights, seat back and have fun. And Amazon delivery is realy great
 This is one of my favourite Christmas movies - along the lines of It's a Wonderful Life - modern style.  Cage is perfect in this role- surprisingly!  Tea Leone is a great supporting actress and the little girl is adorable - all around a wonderful movie - some mature content though so not for the younger viewers. (robbery and sexual nature in parts)
 The documentary was really, really good.  They left some stuff out of it, of course, but you know why they did so it sort of makes sense.  One thing I did not remember was the prodigious mullet Brian sported back in the day.  Man, I think that thing was more impressive than Jagr's Cup-winning mullet of the early-90s! I don't know that I learned anything new from the documentary, but seeing his kids and his sisters talk about him was amazing.  Also, Stone Cold talking about the Hollywood Blonds tag team was great fun.  They really played up the Flyin' Brian stuff as being ahead of it's time (which it was) and the Loose Cannon character that had everyone guessing.  Funny thing is that the whole Loose Cannon thing wasn't really long-lasting if you think about it.  The gimmick was the talk of all three companies at the time but it really only lasted the summer before his Humvee accident brought any momentum he had to a standstill. The accident was glossed over--he was loaded on painkeelers and told of seeing his ex-girlfriend's face in his rearview mirror when he crashed--but the fact that it totally derailed his character was not.  He knew that he could have been the biggest thing going and that he had blown the whole deal and it depressed the heck out of him. Anyhoo, the official coroner's report was that he had a heart attack; just as his dad had at a young age. Of course, the fact that the juice and the vikes and a crazy lifestyle put take a toll on the heart was glossed over.  I mean, the WWE is not going to ever admit that the lifestyle of a (ahem) "sports entertainer" is one that is insane because no one can prove whether the job makes you crazy or if that crazy people are attracted to the job.  It's the whole chicken-or-the-egg argument on a human scale.  The truth is that he was an overachiever who liked to prove people wrong and when his body failed him, he became depressed and quickly descended into a spiral that ultimately did him in. Best parts were reliving the Hollywood Blonds stuff.  I remember watching it back in the day and knowing that he and Steve were going to be huge stars.  Steve even talks about how the team got over really quickly and that the plug was pulled by a booker who was worried about protecting his spot in WCW.  They never name the booker but I am 90% sure that it was Ric Flair back then who headed the booking committee.  I am also 80% sure that Arn was on the committee too.  They must have felt threatened by the Flare For The Old skit that set up a 2 out of 3 falls match for a TBS special in (I am guessing) 1992 or 1993.  Great stuff though; and Brian came up with the whole gimmick.  They were so hilarious together. Another great part was Jim Ross talking about how he believed that he had become a father-figure to Brian in the WWF.  That was sad stuff.  JR really had a hard time trying to help Brian but Pillman only saw the fact that JR order him to be drug tested as a huge betrayal. Overall, I am going with 4 crutches out of 5.  I haven't watched any of the matches as yet but I am less interested in that kind of thing than I am the documentaries.
 thank you wwe/vince for making another great dvd box set and also stone cold I got it this morning and popped this bad boy in and love it a must buy if your a old school wrestling fan or a new one I don't regret buying this at al
 I'm new to the world of Pilates and this DVD is very helpful. The instructor explains everything clearly so that you can be sure of doing each pose correctly. The great thing about this DVD is that now that I'm getting comfortable with Pilates, I can continue using this video because it lets you chose workouts for beginners, intermediates, and advanced. There's no need to buy any additional DVDs! And days that I don't have time to fit in a whole workout, it also gives you time ranges to choose from. This video is worth buying for those wanting to try Pilates. I've recommended it to my friends, and they all use it now
 A movie not geared for morons!  What a rare find.  There aren't many movies that can't be figured-out half way through.  This film is great; very clever.  Never saw the ending coming
 Skillful direction, screenplay, camera angles, acting. :-)  I couldn't understand Benicio del Toro's mumbling.  It turns out he did that on purpose, as he said in the special features
 A family oriented film that is humorous, fun, exciting and very entertaining! After seeing this movie for the first time, I had to own it! It is hard to find a good comedy that is enjoyable for all ages that is clean. This is a must own for the family
 This movie is one of the best movies to ever grace theatres! I think everybody is wrong when they say that the additional footage is not worthy and should be in the special featres menu because one of my favorite parts , which is when Vivian tells Edward that she wants to stop into the club to see her best friend/roommate and runs into her pimp boyfriend Carlos. The extras are fabulous and couldn't be better. So pick up a copy of this movie toda
    Pretty Woman (15th Anniversary Special Edition) has to be considered one of the most classical,romantic comedies made throughout the years. Julia Roberts and Richard Gere are excellent actors together and without them I don't believe the movie would have been the same. This classic "fairy tale" movie where the woman finds the man of her dreams is funny and different from the all the rest. This is not your typical romantic movie and I believe that is why so many people love this movie. Pretty Woman is a film that will always capture its audiences heart with a little added humor here and there.   Pretty Woman (15th Anniversary Special Edition) has to be considered one of the most classical,romantic comedies made throughout the years. Julia Roberts and Richard Gere are excellent actors together and without them I don't believe the movie would have been the same. This classic "fairy tale" movie where the woman finds the man of her dreams is funny and different from the all the rest. This is not your typical romantic movie and I believe that is why so many people love this movie. Pretty Woman is a film that will always capture its audiences heart with a little added humor here and there.      The 15th Anniversary Special Edition also brought some never-before-seen scenes, deleted scenes, and commentary. The deleted scenes are also a must watch, they are just simply hilarious, and you also get to see how the actors were behind the scenes. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves romantic movies, but who also likes added comedy as well. Pretty Woman is definitely one of the greatest films ever made.
 ARMAGEDDONDECEMBER 15, 2002FT. LAUDERDALE, FLORIDAFT. LAUDERDALE, FLORIDA1) FOUR WAY ELIMINATION MATCH FOR THE WORLD TAG TEAM CHAMPIONSHIPCHRIS JERICHO & CHRISTIAN VS. DUDLEY BOYZ VS. LANCE STORM & WILLIAM REGAL VS. BOOKER T & GOLDUSTIT WAS GOOD PICK MATCH FOR FIRST MATCH ON ARMAGEDDON AND THEY ELIMINATION TOO QUICK. AT FINALLY WITH CHRIS & CHRISTIAN VS. BOOKER T & GOLDUST WERE DOING AT LONG MATCH.WINNER: & NEW CHAMPION BOOKER T & GOLDUSTRATE: 8/10RATE: 8/102) EDGE VS. A-TRAINIT IS NOT VERY WELL MATCH AND THE COWRD NOT REALLY INTO IT.WINNER: EDGERATE: 5/10RATE: 5/103) TORRIE WILSON VS. DAWN MARIEWWE PUT THEY INTO MATCH AT A HUNDERD TIMES!RATE:0/10RATE:0/104) EDDIE GUERRERO VS. CHRIS BENIOTGOOD AND A WONDERFUL TECHOLOGY WRESTLE MATCHWINNER: EDDIERATE: 8/10RATE: 8/105) TRIPLE THREAT MATCH FOR THE WOMEN CHAMPIONSHIPTRISH VS. JAZZ VS. JACQUELINEPRETTY GOOD TRIPLE THREAT WITH WOMENRATE: 6/10RATE: 6/106) WWE CHAMPIONSHIPBIG SHOW VS. KURT ANGLEGOOD WITH BIG MAN VS. TECHOLOGY MAN IN MATCH.WINNER: KURT ANGLERATE: 7/10RATE: 7/107) KANE VS. BATISTABIG MAN MATCH ONCE AGAIN AND IT IS REAL SLOW MATCH.WINNER: BATISTARATE: 6/10RATE: 6/108) WORLD HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIPSHAWN MICHAELS VS. TRIPLE H IN TWO-OUT-OF-THREE FALLS MATCHFIRST-STREET FIGHT- IT WAS HAPPEN SAME SUMMERSLAM 2002 AND THEY SPENT ON THIS STREET FIGHT FOR AT LEAST 15 MINUTE. AND IT WAS GREAT TOO. TRIPLE WIN AT FIRST FALL.FIRST-STREET FIGHT- IT WAS HAPPEN SAME SUMMERSLAM 2002 AND THEY SPENT ON THIS STREET FIGHT FOR AT LEAST 15 MINUTE. AND IT WAS GREAT TOO. TRIPLE WIN AT FIRST FALL.SECOND FALL-STEEL CAGE- IT WAS PRETTY SHORT AND LOT OF INTURRPED WITH RIC FLAIR AND SHAWN WIN AT SECOND FALL.SECOND FALL-STEEL CAGE- IT WAS PRETTY SHORT AND LOT OF INTURRPED WITH RIC FLAIR AND SHAWN WIN AT SECOND FALL.TTHIRD FALL-LADDER MATCH- IT WAS SHORTEST THAN SECOND FALL. THERE IS NOT MUCH AMAZING IMPACT. TRIPLE WIN AND NEW CHAMPION.TTHIRD FALL-LADDER MATCH- IT WAS SHORTEST THAN SECOND FALL. THERE IS NOT MUCH AMAZING IMPACT. TRIPLE WIN AND NEW CHAMPION.RATE: 10/10
 i never thought yoga could be so easy and beneficial. 
 Wow this a great series.  Have to strongly recommend it.... yep.. Has the feel of Sienfeld with over the top humor.  Clever, awkward, somewhat vulgar. Wow this a great series.  Have to strongly recommend it.... yep.. Has the feel of Sienfeld with over the top humor.  Clever, awkward, somewhat vulgar. Excellent.  
 Over the years, people have grown tired of natural disaster movies.  Why?  Because they all appear to be the same.  Here's an example of a typical storyline- everything starts out nice and calm, the story focuses on one family, the family starts having problems and they split up, and then a volcano, tornado, hurricane, or whatever hits, and all the family members somehow miraculously avoid the incredible danger JUST so they can be together again and make up with each other by the end of the movie.  Over the years, people have grown tired of natural disaster movies.  Why?  Because they all appear to be the same.  Here's an example of a typical storyline- everything starts out nice and calm, the story focuses on one family, the family starts having problems and they split up, and then a volcano, tornado, hurricane, or whatever hits, and all the family members somehow miraculously avoid the incredible danger JUST so they can be together again and make up with each other by the end of the movie.  Well, that kind of typical storyline isn't featured here.  Twister is truly a classic.  It's not ordinary, either.  It's about a group of tornado chasers who, as you guessed, drive around speeding through the country in an attempt to get never-before-seen film of a twister, up close and personal.  Well, that kind of typical storyline isn't featured here.  Twister is truly a classic.  It's not ordinary, either.  It's about a group of tornado chasers who, as you guessed, drive around speeding through the country in an attempt to get never-before-seen film of a twister, up close and personal.  This means the film delivers the most amazing action I have honestly ever seen in a tornado movie.  Twister is definitely better than most of the similar type of films, and I remember in 1996 how influential this movie was.  I was in 9th grade, and the science teacher played Twister for the class a couple times throughout the year because it was SO good and much better than other tornado films.  This means the film delivers the most amazing action I have honestly ever seen in a tornado movie.  Twister is definitely better than most of the similar type of films, and I remember in 1996 how influential this movie was.  I was in 9th grade, and the science teacher played Twister for the class a couple times throughout the year because it was SO good and much better than other tornado films.  Helen Hunt plays a magnificent role.  She is so obsessed with her love of twisters that she barely seems to care about the divorce she's going through.  What's great about this is that, despite giving us a really good story about a divorce, this doesn't interfere with all the tornado action.  There are *so* many good scenes in Twister that show the devastation tornadoes are capable of that it's simply amazing to me how much time and energy had to happen to make this movie.Helen Hunt plays a magnificent role.  She is so obsessed with her love of twisters that she barely seems to care about the divorce she's going through.  What's great about this is that, despite giving us a really good story about a divorce, this doesn't interfere with all the tornado action.  There are *so* many good scenes in Twister that show the devastation tornadoes are capable of that it's simply amazing to me how much time and energy had to happen to make this movie.Favorite scenes?  Well, everyone seems to love the cows floating in the air, so I won't pick that one.  I really liked the part where the twister ripped through the outside movie theater, tearing the big screen to shreds as the people quickly ran away to try and get away from it.  That's just one of MANY awesome scenes.  Favorite scenes?  Well, everyone seems to love the cows floating in the air, so I won't pick that one.  I really liked the part where the twister ripped through the outside movie theater, tearing the big screen to shreds as the people quickly ran away to try and get away from it.  That's just one of MANY awesome scenes.  The storyline is really good too.  It's not just a story about a divorce between Helen and her husband.  There's a lot more to it than that.  It's complicated because the new girlfriend of the husband shows up and gets involved in all sorts of tornado action (against her will).  The storyline is really good too.  It's not just a story about a divorce between Helen and her husband.  There's a lot more to it than that.  It's complicated because the new girlfriend of the husband shows up and gets involved in all sorts of tornado action (against her will).  This is such an awesome movie.  I highly recommend it.  Tornado movies don't GET any better than this.  Pure action from beginning to end.  You will be glued to your television screen hoping the tornado chasers manage to escape the devastating danger.  Twister will make you think twice if you're thinking about becoming a tornado chaser. 
 Personally, I really enjoyed Premonition. It's got solid acting, a fascinating (and often heart-wrenching) story, and some decent scares.  However, don't expect an all out fright fest or you'll be sorely disappointed. This is a story-driven film, with a plot that progresses fairly slowly. Patience is necessary when viewing Premonition, as is a willingness to accept ambiguity and dream-like logic in a film. But for those of you who possess those qualities, and are looking for something a little different (particularly if you're a fan of the genre), Premonition might be for you
 This movie is fantastic! It is defo on my fav list. One of the best!
 Setting & Theme(s): Castlerock, smallville, summer friends' adventure, life's lessons, solidarity found in kinsmanship and standing tall against the unknown.  Setting & Theme(s): Castlerock, smallville, summer friends' adventure, life's lessons, solidarity found in kinsmanship and standing tall against the unknown.  This 1986 instant classic of Rob Reiner's directing earns its spot on the mantle of other inimitable works of film.  The musical score is dramatic, it sets the tempo from start to finish, and it never misses a beat; each song and rhythm takes you somewhere within the movie's unfolding, and you don't forget where until it all coalesces in a fabulous concluding.  The lives of four local pals are traced from the impatient, lazy summer days of grandeur, to the oft treacherous events inherent in a trip initiated on spontaneity.  One can in Stand By Me favorably assume to watch: pie eating contests, leeches, trains, train dodging, mail ball, fancy cars, fancy footwork (i.e. Verno's beloved comb's freefall), cantenes (thought they disappeared w/ Ben Franklin's outlets), junkyard dog chases, and much much more.  The ending is the real gravy.  The narration is superb also.  This 1986 instant classic of Rob Reiner's directing earns its spot on the mantle of other inimitable works of film.  The musical score is dramatic, it sets the tempo from start to finish, and it never misses a beat; each song and rhythm takes you somewhere within the movie's unfolding, and you don't forget where until it all coalesces in a fabulous concluding.  The lives of four local pals are traced from the impatient, lazy summer days of grandeur, to the oft treacherous events inherent in a trip initiated on spontaneity.  One can in Stand By Me favorably assume to watch: pie eating contests, leeches, trains, train dodging, mail ball, fancy cars, fancy footwork (i.e. Verno's beloved comb's freefall), cantenes (thought they disappeared w/ Ben Franklin's outlets), junkyard dog chases, and much much more.  The ending is the real gravy.  The narration is superb also.  By far one of the favorite films of my youth.  Believe John Cusack can be seen playing the role of Gordy's football star elder brother?  Stand By Me is the childhood that big city life just doesn't afford, at least not anymore.  Everyone nowadays instead chooses to remain trapped in their offices and maniacal distresses; rustic destination spots, like the ones presented in this movie, are still out there folks.  With a smidgen of ambition toward adventure, which will take your there, the healing power of the wilderness can become appreciated.  Although movies and books alone can never fully capture the true splendor of the outdoors. By far one of the favorite films of my youth.  Believe John Cusack can be seen playing the role of Gordy's football star elder brother?  Stand By Me is the childhood that big city life just doesn't afford, at least not anymore.  Everyone nowadays instead chooses to remain trapped in their offices and maniacal distresses; rustic destination spots, like the ones presented in this movie, are still out there folks.  With a smidgen of ambition toward adventure, which will take your there, the healing power of the wilderness can become appreciated.  Although movies and books alone can never fully capture the true splendor of the outdoors. Five stars for Reiners finest photoplay.     
 I'm a Colin Firth fan, but that's not the only reason this movie was a great ride... it's because it is a great ride.  Just enjoy...you will find yourself in stitches.  The contrast between new england dry humor and Brit dry humor...// it's just too funny.  Oliver, Colin you guys are the BEST!!!
 I have nothing negative to say at all just want to leave a little info on Battlestar Galactica Season 1. If you are about to buy BSG season 1 and the mini series don't bother picking up the mini series battlestar season 1 comes with the mini series. i didnt know and I  spent an extra $17.00 for nothin. Well someone I know is gunna get that for X-mas so not a complete loss but still kinda annoying if you know what i mean. Happy Holidays 2 U all!!!
 Half Light is a movie my wife would like, if I can convince her that it's not too scary for her.  She is the most timid of movie goers, and refuses to watch horror movies with me.  But Half Light is a ghost story very much in the classic sense:  there are some scares, but at the most tepid edge of today's horror.  The movie is much more about the grief of a mother (have the Kleenex box close by), and has a big love story (with running horses on a romantic beach with a lighthouse; ugh) in the middle of it.  Just the kind of thing my wife might like, when she's willing to see something on her scary side.  Unfortunately for me, this is not my kind of movie at all.  Half Light is a movie my wife would like, if I can convince her that it's not too scary for her.  She is the most timid of movie goers, and refuses to watch horror movies with me.  But Half Light is a ghost story very much in the classic sense:  there are some scares, but at the most tepid edge of today's horror.  The movie is much more about the grief of a mother (have the Kleenex box close by), and has a big love story (with running horses on a romantic beach with a lighthouse; ugh) in the middle of it.  Just the kind of thing my wife might like, when she's willing to see something on her scary side.  Unfortunately for me, this is not my kind of movie at all.  Even so, it was well made.  It was well acted.  The English locations were impressively beautiful.  The story was interesting, and had a good plot twist at the end.  Ah what the heck; I guess I liked it after all
 The third installment of our favorite wizard has him meeting a new defense of the dark arts teacher ... along with some rather scary gatekeepers as the magical world hunts for Sirius Black ... Harry's godfather who has escaped from the dreaded Azkaban prison. Meanwhile Hermione discovers a way to time travel with a special locket and take more classes. It is definitley getting darker and darker ... but this third in a series sets the tone for Harry's destiny
 just like it used to be. my son has enjoy every minute of i
 these movies are just as great as i remembered them...these movies are just as great as i remembered them...ralph macchio was hot in the 80s, skinny, but he pulled it offpat morita has got to be the coolest neighbor everand watching the karate kid II reintroduced me to a great peter cetera song: the glory of loveand watching the karate kid II reintroduced me to a great peter cetera song: the glory of loveso rock on ralph macchio, peter cetera, and pat moritaso rock on ralph macchio, peter cetera, and pat moritaoh yeah, hilary swank get's in on it at the end to
 CSI:Miami, having evolved with difficulty over the first two seasons, reaches its high point in Season 3. Anyone who has watched the show realizes that Horatio, unlike Gil Grissom or Mac Taylor, is the true star of the show. The rest of the CSIs are entertaining, but the show is truly about him. This dynamic, when combined with the glamour and glitz of the Miami setting and crimes most foul, make this for me the CSI that is above the rest.CSI:Miami, having evolved with difficulty over the first two seasons, reaches its high point in Season 3. Anyone who has watched the show realizes that Horatio, unlike Gil Grissom or Mac Taylor, is the true star of the show. The rest of the CSIs are entertaining, but the show is truly about him. This dynamic, when combined with the glamour and glitz of the Miami setting and crimes most foul, make this for me the CSI that is above the rest.Plotwise, season 3 is bit over the top. Issues covered in this season include a stalker murder, a sports star on trial for his wife's murder, a young woman killed in a club, the murder of a uniformed cop, gang warfare in a hospital, the killings of IRS agents, speed dating that ends in a death, spree killing, and the murder of a wingwoman. Some of the lesser episodes involve our old friend Clavo Cruz, a giant boa contricter that eats a woman, skaters and gamers, and of course, the infamous tsunami episode. The season incorporates the Raymond Caine subplot heavily in the last 5 or 6 episodes. This leads up to a satisfying conclusion in the season finale.Plotwise, season 3 is bit over the top. Issues covered in this season include a stalker murder, a sports star on trial for his wife's murder, a young woman killed in a club, the murder of a uniformed cop, gang warfare in a hospital, the killings of IRS agents, speed dating that ends in a death, spree killing, and the murder of a wingwoman. Some of the lesser episodes involve our old friend Clavo Cruz, a giant boa contricter that eats a woman, skaters and gamers, and of course, the infamous tsunami episode. The season incorporates the Raymond Caine subplot heavily in the last 5 or 6 episodes. This leads up to a satisfying conclusion in the season finale.The season is also one of change. A regular cast member gets killed in episode 1, which quite frankly, was quite a relief since the character was terrible. Another regular, not a CSI, kills himself. A new cast member joins, Officer Ryan Wolfe, makes the transfer from patrol to CSI, and making some waves in the process. Callie and Delco (who has very little to do this season) have a tough time dealing with tragedy, and we actually see Horatio dating a rather attractive Assistant DA, at least for a few episodes. Some old familiars pop by, including Suzy and Madison, and Raymond Caine's killer Bob, who ends up being much more important in the story than we assumed. All in all it adds up to a great season, which will be extremely difficult to top in Season 4.The season is also one of change. A regular cast member gets killed in episode 1, which quite frankly, was quite a relief since the character was terrible. Another regular, not a CSI, kills himself. A new cast member joins, Officer Ryan Wolfe, makes the transfer from patrol to CSI, and making some waves in the process. Callie and Delco (who has very little to do this season) have a tough time dealing with tragedy, and we actually see Horatio dating a rather attractive Assistant DA, at least for a few episodes. Some old familiars pop by, including Suzy and Madison, and Raymond Caine's killer Bob, who ends up being much more important in the story than we assumed. All in all it adds up to a great season, which will be extremely difficult to top in Season 4.People either love or hate this show, so if you count yourself among the fans, this is a must addition to the collection.People either love or hate this show, so if you count yourself among the fans, this is a must addition to the collection.A.G. CorwinSt.Louis, M
 This DVD has footage I had never seen before on TV.  It has some of the best footage of the second plane hitting the towers.  It not only covers the New York Disaster but also the Penatgon and Pennsylvania plus the war in Iraq
 Hey Richie, get a life...Everyone else, check out DH, it's a great show
 What's not to like about the character of Jack Ryan?  He's honest, ethical, modest, smart and rising like a shooting star in the US Government.  Wish he was real.What's not to like about the character of Jack Ryan?  He's honest, ethical, modest, smart and rising like a shooting star in the US Government.  Wish he was real.These are all good movies - well made, realistic, exciting and family friendly
 Great video, It will be a classic in the coming years as these entertainers are dying at a fast rate. They are still as good as they were in the old days considering their age
 Dustin Hoffman, arguably one of the most popular actors of the 1980s and 90s, is in top form here -- but this time as a woman.  Sure, there have been other films with similar setups -- "Victor/Victoria" with Julie Andrews and "Mrs. Doubtfire" with Robin Williams, to name just two.  Andrews, however, isn't believable as a man, and while Williams is exceptional in "Doubtfire," that movie seems to lose its "edge" near the end.  In "Tootsie," Jessica Lange, Teri Garr, and Dabney Coleman all provide laudable -- even outstanding -- performances.  Lange won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress, and Garr was nominated in that category.  Dustin Hoffman was nominated for Best Actor, Sidney Pollack for Best Director, and the film for Best Picture.  Why didn't it win any of those three?  One word -- "Gandhi."  Nevertheless, "Tootsie" looks as though it were fun to make, and it is certainly fun to watch.  This is an absolute must for Dustin Hoffman fans
 "Eye of the Killer" is an excellent small movie.  Kiefer Sutherland is police detective Mickey Hayden in a self-destructive mode since the breakup of his marriage.  He chases an albino wino who runs out of a convenience store with his Jack Daniels into a vacant warehouse.  Hayden falls through a second-story floor and hits his head which starts him receiving psychic visions of the victims through the eyes of the killer.  He meets a parapsychologist, Dr. Vera Swann, played by Polly Walker.  Romantic sparks eventually fly between the two, allowing Hayden to start to get over his divorce.  He lost his wife to police detective John Hatter played by Gary Hudson who seems to meddle in the investigation, eventually pointing toward his guilt.  Henry Czerny who was the thief opposite Harrison Ford in "Clear & Present Danger" and has done "Pink Panther" and "The Exorcism of Emily Rose" plays Harvey, a psychic that attaches himself to Mickey Hayden in a gay bar.  Hayden frequents the gay bar because it's a place for a straight guy to be alone.  With his partner Ray Coombs played by Ronn Sarosiak, they seek to find the serial killer supposedly responsible for a string of murders.  All of the murders eventually are solved and improbably point at the owner of a newspaper who was trying to capitalize on the Jabberwocky serial case to heighten the value of her newspaper so it could be profitably sold.  Loren Petersen plays the hapless Alice who we see fall down the stairs several times and get her skull smashed.  This little drama that was originally an HBO movie works pretty well as a nouveau film noir.  Enjoy! 
 This dvd is awesome. It covers Michaels disco years through the 1990s. "Beat it" and "Billie Jean" are timeless videos and show you Michael Jackson at his creative zenith. This dvd also includes the full length videos of "Bad" and "Thriller" Lets not forget "Remember the time" with its amazing dance moves and catchy rythem. This dvd compilation makes you see why Michael Jackson will always be the king of pop. I like this dvd out of all of Michael Jacksons dvd releases. "Dont stop till you get enough" and "Rock with you" may be simple videos but I watch both videos and see an innocence in Michael before the Thriller phenomenon. This is the best of Michael Jackson. Sony dvd has done an incredible job on the sound quality of this Michael Jackson dvd. The sound quality on a regular television or theatre system will amaze you
 A Clay Aiken Christmas was very good! Clay's singing was spectacular (as it always is), and his guests singing was wonderful! This was a very well put together dvd, and it was fun and exciting to watch!
 Awesome extras!!!! not to mention the show is awesome!!! Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole season!  It was great to watch it again
 Awesome extras!!!! not to mention the show is awesome!!! Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole season!  It was great to watch it again   With present day footage masterfully juxtiposed with much,heretofore unseen,period film, this multi-disc history of the Great War breathes life into the first quarter of the twentieth century unlike an i've seen thus far. We are shown how the echoes of events that occured nearly a century ago still resonate with deafening clarity in our twenty-first century lives. The mistakes which plunged the world into a decades long bloodbath are laid out in a way that describes, in riveting detail, the follies and grave consequenses of cavalier militarism. This series is neither dry or pedantic but illumunates facts with which everyone should be acquainted. Perhaps we can avoid a repetition of this debacle
 Rarely has a film captured the essence of adolescence, teenage angst, sexual confusion and school politics as richly as this marvelous movie from Alexander Payne.  Reese Witherspoon breaks out with a performance of incredible range and emotional complexity and established herself as an actress of great range.  Matthew Broderick gives perhaps his most richly realized performance as the straightlaced teacher with his own sexual drives and confusion over his feelings for Witherspoon's often times obnoxious but undeniably strong personality.  In his screen debut, Chris Klein brings a rare depth and humor to the cliched role of the school jock coerced into running against Witherspoon, and Jessica Campbell is great as his sexually confused sister whose honest campaign excites the students and astonishes the faculty.  One of the most painfully honest and funny sequences involves the prayers of the candidates on the night before the election.  Reese prays to an unfamiliar God and beseeches him to let her win so she "can carry out his divine plan."  Campbell prays that she finds a lesbian lover at the Catholic all girls school she deliberately caused her parents to send her to, while goofy Klein shows the most depth by thanking God for all of his blessings (especially his large penis) and telling God he knows the best candidate will win.  ELECTION is a very entertaining look at teenagers and one of the best of its kind.  Enjoy
 The film shows us the reality that is Wal-Mart, many common criticisms, and many common misconceptions.  It successfully shows that all of the criticisms against Wal-Mart are outright lies, half-truths, distortions of facts, or just plain ideological hatred for a successful business.  It shows what the employees go through while on the job and off the job.  It also shows how Wal-Mart has actually increased America's standard-of-living by allowing the poorest of us to purchase our daily necessities at the lowest price possible and the least-skilled amongst us able to attain high-quality health benefits and a decent wage.The film shows us the reality that is Wal-Mart, many common criticisms, and many common misconceptions.  It successfully shows that all of the criticisms against Wal-Mart are outright lies, half-truths, distortions of facts, or just plain ideological hatred for a successful business.  It shows what the employees go through while on the job and off the job.  It also shows how Wal-Mart has actually increased America's standard-of-living by allowing the poorest of us to purchase our daily necessities at the lowest price possible and the least-skilled amongst us able to attain high-quality health benefits and a decent wage.Wal-Mart is not a perfect business, and it never will be.  No business is perfect.  Unfortunately, many people do not ever cope with this fact, and don't seem capable of it.  They compare Wal-Mart to the "perfect" business which does not exist, and then have the audacity to complain when Wal-Mart does not fit their non-existant model of perfection
 On December 14, 1944, as American troops under General Douglas MacArthur slowly advanced toward the island of Luzon, Japanese guards at the Puerto Princesa Prison Camp on Palawan committed a terrible act. Herding their Allied war prisoners into trenches, they soaked the men with fuel and burned them alive.On December 14, 1944, as American troops under General Douglas MacArthur slowly advanced toward the island of Luzon, Japanese guards at the Puerto Princesa Prison Camp on Palawan committed a terrible act. Herding their Allied war prisoners into trenches, they soaked the men with fuel and burned them alive.Utah native Eugene Nielsen, private first class in the 59th Coast Artillery, was one of the few who escaped. Filipino guerrillas transported the survivors to the island of Morotai, where Nielsen described his experience to an Army intelligence officer. News of the massacre reached the POWs at Cabanatuan, as well, and prompted the U.S. Army to embark on one of the war's most dramatic missions -- the BataanUtah native Eugene Nielsen, private first class in the 59th Coast Artillery, was one of the few who escaped. Filipino guerrillas transported the survivors to the island of Morotai, where Nielsen described his experience to an Army intelligence officer. News of the massacre reached the POWs at Cabanatuan, as well, and prompted the U.S. Army to embark on one of the war's most dramatic missions -- the Bataan
 Ok, so it may not be in the 5-star league, but it's a great movie particularly for those who are involved in scouting. My scouts think it's too funny
 A short workout that packs a punch and will whip you up in shape!If you like endurance weight training with short cardio bursts then you will enjoy these workouts! I have all 4 of Jillian's endurance strength training DVDS and they are very good especially when combined with 30-45 mins. cardio. The Maximize Full Frontal DVD is a little more intense than Jillian's Shape Up Front DVD; it has more core work, more one-leg moves and the cardio segments always use dumbbells. The Maximize Back In Action DVD is also a little more intense than Jillian's Shape Up Backside DVD; it has more core work, harder exercises and additional power moves. All 4 DVDs are an excellent buy and since they are all short workouts, you can easily combine them with cardio for a well-rounded 60 minute workout. Note: You will not like Jillian's workouts if you prefer to go heavy with weights.
 "Cinderella II: Dreams Come True" is a series of three stories featuring mostly characters from the original Cinderella and a few new ones. The animation is amazing --- it's filled with lush color (except for muted color when the story calls for it) and the animation looks very polished. It's really a sight to see."Cinderella II: Dreams Come True" is a series of three stories featuring mostly characters from the original Cinderella and a few new ones. The animation is amazing --- it's filled with lush color (except for muted color when the story calls for it) and the animation looks very polished. It's really a sight to see.The three stories in this are called, according to the closing credits --- "Aim To Please," "Tall Tail" and "An Uncommon Romance." These stories are all tied together with the idea that the Fairy Godmother is helping the mice to make a storybook about the adventures of them and Cinderella since the time that Cinderella met the Prince. The very first story finds Cinderella arriving at the castle after her honeymoon. The Prince is forced to rush away on important state business and Cinderella is left in charge of the royal banquet/ball. She has no idea what she's supposed to do and so this woman named Prudence is assigned to help her out. But will Cinderella be able to pull this together in time and in a way that will please the King?The three stories in this are called, according to the closing credits --- "Aim To Please," "Tall Tail" and "An Uncommon Romance." These stories are all tied together with the idea that the Fairy Godmother is helping the mice to make a storybook about the adventures of them and Cinderella since the time that Cinderella met the Prince. The very first story finds Cinderella arriving at the castle after her honeymoon. The Prince is forced to rush away on important state business and Cinderella is left in charge of the royal banquet/ball. She has no idea what she's supposed to do and so this woman named Prudence is assigned to help her out. But will Cinderella be able to pull this together in time and in a way that will please the King?The second story, "A Tall Tail" finds Cinderella in preparation for the Spring Festival. Jaq wants to help out, but it seems like Cinderella no longer has any time for him. He makes a wish to become human.The second story, "A Tall Tail" finds Cinderella in preparation for the Spring Festival. Jaq wants to help out, but it seems like Cinderella no longer has any time for him. He makes a wish to become human.The final story contains the surprising premise that Cinderella's stepsister Anastasia is falling in love with a breadmaker at market. The Evil Stepmother forbids this romance, but Cinderella decides to show Anastasia that even she can have a dream come true.The final story contains the surprising premise that Cinderella's stepsister Anastasia is falling in love with a breadmaker at market. The Evil Stepmother forbids this romance, but Cinderella decides to show Anastasia that even she can have a dream come true.The final story contains the surprising premise that Cinderella's stepsister Anastasia is falling in love with a breadmaker at market. The Evil Stepmother forbids this romance, but Cinderella decides to show Anastasia that even she can have a dream come true.The voice talent is amazing. They did a great job of casting people who made the voices sound just like the original film. Unless you're really listening hard, you'll be hard-put to notice any difference at all.The voice talent is amazing. They did a great job of casting people who made the voices sound just like the original film. Unless you're really listening hard, you'll be hard-put to notice any difference at all.The music in this film is a combination of themes from the original and a few new songs performed by Brooke Allison. I'd never heard anything by Brooke Allison before (that I know of), but she's an amazing artist. Perhaps the most surprising piece is the closing credits number (also featured as a music video) --- a techno version of "Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo" called "Put it Together." It works quite well. Another great song is "Follow Your Heart."The music in this film is a combination of themes from the original and a few new songs performed by Brooke Allison. I'd never heard anything by Brooke Allison before (that I know of), but she's an amazing artist. Perhaps the most surprising piece is the closing credits number (also featured as a music video) --- a techno version of "Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo" called "Put it Together." It works quite well. Another great song is "Follow Your Heart."The music in this film is a combination of themes from the original and a few new songs performed by Brooke Allison. I'd never heard anything by Brooke Allison before (that I know of), but she's an amazing artist. Perhaps the most surprising piece is the closing credits number (also featured as a music video) --- a techno version of "Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo" called "Put it Together." It works quite well. Another great song is "Follow Your Heart."For a Disney sequel, this DVD also has some nice special features. There's the aforementioned music video, which features entirely of clips from the film, rather than the recording session by Brooke Allison. However, you do get to see some of the recording in the Musical Magical Featurette, which also includes an examination of the film's score by the composer. There's a Cinderella Storybook, which allows you to read a story about Jaq and Mary with or without narration. The Enchanted Castle game is fairly simple, but not too bad --- you get to help with the decoration and cleanup of Cinderella's castle, preparing a meal and dressing Cinderella. There's also a DVD-ROM game called Cinderella's Dollhouse. Finally, of course, this DVD has the usual previews/trailers for other movies, but perhaps not so usual. This is a great set of trailers. There's a promo for the "Beauty and the Beast" Special Edition DVD in which they talk about how they inserted "Human Again" into the film. Also including in this set is a neat Disney DVD "Pure Digital Magic" promo that I had never seen before.For a Disney sequel, this DVD also has some nice special features. There's the aforementioned music video, which features entirely of clips from the film, rather than the recording session by Brooke Allison. However, you do get to see some of the recording in the Musical Magical Featurette, which also includes an examination of the film's score by the composer. There's a Cinderella Storybook, which allows you to read a story about Jaq and Mary with or without narration. The Enchanted Castle game is fairly simple, but not too bad --- you get to help with the decoration and cleanup of Cinderella's castle, preparing a meal and dressing Cinderella. There's also a DVD-ROM game called Cinderella's Dollhouse. Finally, of course, this DVD has the usual previews/trailers for other movies, but perhaps not so usual. This is a great set of trailers. There's a promo for the "Beauty and the Beast" Special Edition DVD in which they talk about how they inserted "Human Again" into the film. Also including in this set is a neat Disney DVD "Pure Digital Magic" promo that I had never seen before.This DVD is truly a worthy edition to the Disney Cinderella story. It really has everything you could want from a sequel to this film and doesn't ruin the original story in any way
 I bought this set a couple of weeks ago and just finished getting through it. It is well worth the money. You won't be sorry you bought it. Funny as it gets
 Where did this guy come from?  My daughter rented this Eddie Izzard DVD.  I was blind-sided with the sophisticated, mime-style humor of Eddie Izzard (is this his real name?  Is he really a "he"?).  From hearing about Genesis to wondering why Noah had to get two of everything... including ducks..., Eddie Izzard brought a unique perspective to comedy.  Nothing was off limits... the Queen Mother, Death, hopscotch, speed archeology, toasters, and Achilles.  It is all here!Where did this guy come from?  My daughter rented this Eddie Izzard DVD.  I was blind-sided with the sophisticated, mime-style humor of Eddie Izzard (is this his real name?  Is he really a "he"?).  From hearing about Genesis to wondering why Noah had to get two of everything... including ducks..., Eddie Izzard brought a unique perspective to comedy.  Nothing was off limits... the Queen Mother, Death, hopscotch, speed archeology, toasters, and Achilles.  It is all here!Take special note of the set... very minimalist.  Izzard uses his talents to make you "see" what he is describing, without depending on props.  From swords to Hoovers, you will get his meaning.Take special note of the set... very minimalist.  Izzard uses his talents to make you "see" what he is describing, without depending on props.  From swords to Hoovers, you will get his meaning.Rated R for mild profanity, and I for irreligious
 I was totally taken with this new rendition of the Broadway musical. The only downside is that I'm not much of an Alec Baldwin fan, but..... he did OK! I encourage anyone who enjoys a heartwarming musical to see this one
 What I enjoy most about this movie, is not what I particularly enjoyed when it first came out. Being 11 when it came out, I was attracted to the urbanism of which I was not too familiar with. I didn't exactly grow up in the best neighborhood, but it was no Inglewood either. I think many of the younger viewers were attracted to this aspect of the film; the urban youth seeing for the first time, thier lives on a film of this caliber, and the SUBurban youth somehow glorifying this life. While I still enjoy the entire film, what I particularly enjoy now is the begining of the film. The story of a troubled young boy who while having a strong mother with her head on her shoulders, can't be tamed by her. She sends him to live with his father, who is in many ways her equal. But he is a man. And one of her lines in the movie is "I can't teach him how to be a man, that's your job." How true this is. Not to sound sexist, because their are millions of young boys all over the planet who are better off with just thier mother, (because of an abusive father, etc.) but you need a man to teach you to be a man. Larry Fishburne's charachter in this movie does this perfectly. One quote, "I know you think I'm being hard on you Tre, but I'm not. What I'm trying to do is to teach you responsibility. Your friends across the street don't have anyone to do that, your'e gonna see how they end up, too." I loved how this was a story about two strong and intelligent parents (while divorced) raise their son the way they know best, and not about a junkie mom and a deadbeat dad who raise a criminal. I'd have to say that my favorite character is Furious. Yes, Reva (Tre's mom) played an equally strong part, but I loved how "real" Furious was. "Young" Tre I thought played an excellent part - better than Gooding Jr.? Maybe. Overall a great movie; it's success made it harder for corporate America to ignore the reality of inner-city youth as it exists today. 
 A great suspense movie with terrific slow camera-work adding to the dramatics makes this a treat to watch and enjoy. Director-writer Brian de Palma does a super Hitchcock-imitation (many called it a "ripoff") with this film and the 2.35:1 widescreen DVD is a must to fully appreciate the camera-work (and several scenes with people hiding on each side which are lost on formatted-for-TV tapes).A great suspense movie with terrific slow camera-work adding to the dramatics makes this a treat to watch and enjoy. Director-writer Brian de Palma does a super Hitchcock-imitation (many called it a "ripoff") with this film and the 2.35:1 widescreen DVD is a must to fully appreciate the camera-work (and several scenes with people hiding on each side which are lost on formatted-for-TV tapes).The downside of the movie, at least to anyone that has some kind of moral standard, is the general sleaziness of all the characters, including the policeman played by a pre-NYPD Dennis Franz (who has hair here!). The downside of the movie, at least to anyone that has some kind of moral standard, is the general sleaziness of all the characters, including the policeman played by a pre-NYPD Dennis Franz (who has hair here!). The opening scene is still shocking with a fairly long shower scene of Angie Dickinson that is quite explicit, even 25 years after its release. The film has several erotic scenes in it as Dickinson (if that is really her on the closeups) and Nancy Allen are not shy about showing their bodies.The opening scene is still shocking with a fairly long shower scene of Angie Dickinson that is quite explicit, even 25 years after its release. The film has several erotic scenes in it as Dickinson (if that is really her on the closeups) and Nancy Allen are not shy about showing their bodies.There is not much dialog in the first 20 minutes and no bad language until Franz enters the picture after the murder. The first 36 minutes are riveting and even though it's apparent who the killer is, it's still very good suspense and fun to watch all the way through, particularly for males ogling the naked women. 
 "Dr. Strangelove: OR How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb" is one/third of the films that are considered Stanley Kubrick's masterpieces (the other two are 2001: A Space Odyssey & A Clockwork Orange).  It's a satire, released in 1964 that still works and is watched by many people today. Whenever you look at a list of great movies, it's on there. It holds a place on The American Film Institute's Top 100 (#26),The American Film Institute's Top 100 Comedies (#3), is featured in Roger Ebert's "The Great Movies," and is just, overall, acknowledged as a fine piece of cinema. The movie opens with General Jack D. Ripper (Sterling Hayden) launching an unauthorized nuclear attack against Russia. The general is clearly mad and believes that the Russians are polluting everyone's valuable bodily fluids. The only person who can stop Ripper is Captain Mandrake (Peter Sellers), a British guy who listens to Ripper's ranting in disbelief. Meanwhile, at The Pentagon, the President of the United States; President Muffley (Peter Sellers, again) assembles a meeting in the War Room where he is told hesitantly by General Buck Turgidson (George C. Scott) that the bombers can not be recalled, no one can reach Ripper, etc. In one of the most hilarious characters I've ever seen portrayed on screen, we meet Dr. Strangelove (Peter Sellers, yet again) a strategist aiding the people in the War Room. Strangelove's right hand, covered in a black glove, has a mind of its own...It frequently throws up Nazi salutes and tries to kill Strangelove. Also happening in the story is one of the planes heading to Russia to drop the bomb. The ruler of the cockpit is Major "King" Kong (Slim Pickens), a character that was supposed to be played by Sellers but reportedly couldn't because Sellers had recently suffered a broken angle. The scene where Kong rides a nuclear bomb as if he was riding a bull is one of the scenes in the movie that you're not likely to forget. Now, this is a funny and important film; But it's not my favorite Kubrick film, nor is it the most entertaining Kubrick film. But due to it's significance and the performances (by Sellers, Hayden, and especially Scott) it definitely deserves the term "masterpiece."The American Film Institute's Top 100 Comedies (#3), is featured in Roger Ebert's "The Great Movies," and is just, overall, acknowledged as a fine piece of cinema. The movie opens with General Jack D. Ripper (Sterling Hayden) launching an unauthorized nuclear attack against Russia. The general is clearly mad and believes that the Russians are polluting everyone's valuable bodily fluids. The only person who can stop Ripper is Captain Mandrake (Peter Sellers), a British guy who listens to Ripper's ranting in disbelief. Meanwhile, at The Pentagon, the President of the United States; President Muffley (Peter Sellers, again) assembles a meeting in the War Room where he is told hesitantly by General Buck Turgidson (George C. Scott) that the bombers can not be recalled, no one can reach Ripper, etc. In one of the most hilarious characters I've ever seen portrayed on screen, we meet Dr. Strangelove (Peter Sellers, yet again) a strategist aiding the people in the War Room. Strangelove's right hand, covered in a black glove, has a mind of its own...It frequently throws up Nazi salutes and tries to kill Strangelove. Also happening in the story is one of the planes heading to Russia to drop the bomb. The ruler of the cockpit is Major "King" Kong (Slim Pickens), a character that was supposed to be played by Sellers but reportedly couldn't because Sellers had recently suffered a broken angle. The scene where Kong rides a nuclear bomb as if he was riding a bull is one of the scenes in the movie that you're not likely to forget. Now, this is a funny and important film; But it's not my favorite Kubrick film, nor is it the most entertaining Kubrick film. But due to it's significance and the performances (by Sellers, Hayden, and especially Scott) it definitely deserves the term "masterpiece."ENTERTAINMENT: BHUMOR: A-IMPORTANCE: AOVERALL GRADE: A-
 This black and white masterwork of film is a must see for all.  This is a not just a courtroom movie, but an examination of ourselves and how we see each other. Reginald Rose's original play reads like a powerhouse, even in a highschool english class, but given the direction of Sidney Lumet, the dynamite cast and the beautifully stark black and white cinematography it becomes a legend on film.This black and white masterwork of film is a must see for all.  This is a not just a courtroom movie, but an examination of ourselves and how we see each other. Reginald Rose's original play reads like a powerhouse, even in a highschool english class, but given the direction of Sidney Lumet, the dynamite cast and the beautifully stark black and white cinematography it becomes a legend on film.This movie centers on the diverse jury and it's deliberations in the murder trial of a young Puerto Rican man accused of killing his own father. It is an examination of our perception of one another, our selfish nature, our apathy when a crisis occurs-but does not affect us and our preconceived ideas of each other NOT based not upon fact, but upon our own experiences and traumas. It sheds light on how we process our decisions and how we can be easily yet unknowingly swayed away from the truth and yet believe we make honest and fair evaluations of fact, when in all truth we do not.This movie centers on the diverse jury and it's deliberations in the murder trial of a young Puerto Rican man accused of killing his own father. It is an examination of our perception of one another, our selfish nature, our apathy when a crisis occurs-but does not affect us and our preconceived ideas of each other NOT based not upon fact, but upon our own experiences and traumas. It sheds light on how we process our decisions and how we can be easily yet unknowingly swayed away from the truth and yet believe we make honest and fair evaluations of fact, when in all truth we do not.This was the ONLY film in which Henry Fonda starred AND was the producer and it was slow to take off at the box office. But within a few years this film became an american film mainstay. Regardless of the stunning performances and positive reviews, he never produced again.This was the ONLY film in which Henry Fonda starred AND was the producer and it was slow to take off at the box office. But within a few years this film became an american film mainstay. Regardless of the stunning performances and positive reviews, he never produced again.This film has many of the early television and film greats and  each gives a RIVETING PERFORMANCE!!! There's Jack Klugman, Martin Balsam, John Fiedler, E.G. Marshall and Lee J. Cobb who gives one of the most memorable performances in the film. Cobb, who was known for his moving portrayal of Willie Loman in Death of a Salesman, is aggravating and compelling. Fonda depicts the "voice of reason" juror that is neither self-righteous or bleeding-heart wimpy. He challenges the other jurors and the viewer alike to rethink their conclusions and recalculate them by utilizing ALL the facts. Anyone that sees this movie will recognize at least someone they know that is like each juror, which are designated only by number throughout it's entirety, in their daily lives.This film has many of the early television and film greats and  each gives a RIVETING PERFORMANCE!!! There's Jack Klugman, Martin Balsam, John Fiedler, E.G. Marshall and Lee J. Cobb who gives one of the most memorable performances in the film. Cobb, who was known for his moving portrayal of Willie Loman in Death of a Salesman, is aggravating and compelling. Fonda depicts the "voice of reason" juror that is neither self-righteous or bleeding-heart wimpy. He challenges the other jurors and the viewer alike to rethink their conclusions and recalculate them by utilizing ALL the facts. Anyone that sees this movie will recognize at least someone they know that is like each juror, which are designated only by number throughout it's entirety, in their daily lives.Don't let the black and white format sway you, this DVD is presented in a lovely widescreen format that intensifies the expert cinematic talents of the golden age of the silver screen. This is considered an essential for anyone that loves film. My thirteen year old actually sat mesmerized through the whole film and began to watch some of my other DVDs (To Kill a Mockingbird, Inherit the Wind, Judgement At Nuremburg, to name a few) and at that tender young age, he is determined to spread the word and keep the tradition of sharing these movies of great distinction..Don't let the black and white format sway you, this DVD is presented in a lovely widescreen format that intensifies the expert cinematic talents of the golden age of the silver screen. This is considered an essential for anyone that loves film. My thirteen year old actually sat mesmerized through the whole film and began to watch some of my other DVDs (To Kill a Mockingbird, Inherit the Wind, Judgement At Nuremburg, to name a few) and at that tender young age, he is determined to spread the word and keep the tradition of sharing these movies of great distinction..Metaldiva Sez: This is one of the essential films you should watch and share with your friends and family.  This is an excellent price to own and to share. Get it today....   Metaldiva Sez: This is one of the essential films you should watch and share with your friends and family.  This is an excellent price to own and to share. Get it today....   
 I feel this movie should be seen by all. It's awesome, and really makes you think. You get very attached to the characters and feel what they are feeling. I highly recommend it! Awesome movie
 It's really refreshing to watch series such as Bones. It's witty and suspenseful. Unlike Law and Order, this show has more...well everything. The characters are all very likeable. There are little romantic moments between the main characters that make the show more interesting. The characters are all very likeable. There are little romantic moments between the main characters that make the show more interesting. basically...just get season 1, you won't regret it
 I haven't watched the first season - I just started watching the show so I'm a very brand new viewer - but I've seen two episodes of season 2 and this is really a good show.  Its subject matter is grim, yes, but there are light moments and the cast has nice chemistry, especially David Boreanaz (Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Angel) and Emily Deschanel.  The stories are interesting w/out being too scientific so anyone can follow along.  And I never realized how much information a person can get just by examining someone's bones (okay, maybe only in tv land). 
 `Sophie Scholl - Die letzten Tage' (`Sophie Scholl - The Final Days') follows the last six days of the life of Sophie Scholl, member of `The White Rose' small anti-Nazi organization that protested against Hitler through the non-violence method in the war-time Munich. Her life had been filmed in Germany twice before - `The White Rose' by Michael Verhoeven, and `The Five Last Days' by Percy Adlon both in 1982. Unfortunately I haven't seen them, but the fact proves that this anti-war organization during the WWII in Germany, some part of which still remain mystery, has been always a very fascinating topic in that country.`Sophie Scholl - Die letzten Tage' (`Sophie Scholl - The Final Days') follows the last six days of the life of Sophie Scholl, member of `The White Rose' small anti-Nazi organization that protested against Hitler through the non-violence method in the war-time Munich. Her life had been filmed in Germany twice before - `The White Rose' by Michael Verhoeven, and `The Five Last Days' by Percy Adlon both in 1982. Unfortunately I haven't seen them, but the fact proves that this anti-war organization during the WWII in Germany, some part of which still remain mystery, has been always a very fascinating topic in that country.Now, using the unpublished materials that were unavailable then, German director Marc Rothemund made another film based on this important episode in the German history. This time he gives stress to the realistic description of the last six days of Sophie Scholl, a 21-year-old college student who was arrested with her brother during the political activities against the Nazi in 1943.Now, using the unpublished materials that were unavailable then, German director Marc Rothemund made another film based on this important episode in the German history. This time he gives stress to the realistic description of the last six days of Sophie Scholl, a 21-year-old college student who was arrested with her brother during the political activities against the Nazi in 1943.Actually Sophie was only posting and scattering the anti-Hitler fliers in college campus, but that was enough for the Nazi; at first, however, they were not sure. Sophie is just an ordinary student, and the Nazi interrogator Robert Mohr was not convinced.Actually Sophie was only posting and scattering the anti-Hitler fliers in college campus, but that was enough for the Nazi; at first, however, they were not sure. Sophie is just an ordinary student, and the Nazi interrogator Robert Mohr was not convinced.The film spends considerable time in depicting the dialogues between Sophie Scholl and Robert Mohr, and the rising tension between two real-life characters, supported by historical material and strong acting, is one of the most impressive parts of the film. Consequently the film becomes a bit talky sometimes, but both Julia Jentsch (`The Edukators') and Gerald Alexander Held did a fantastic job as two realistic persons with souls, without making them too saintly or monstrous.The film spends considerable time in depicting the dialogues between Sophie Scholl and Robert Mohr, and the rising tension between two real-life characters, supported by historical material and strong acting, is one of the most impressive parts of the film. Consequently the film becomes a bit talky sometimes, but both Julia Jentsch (`The Edukators') and Gerald Alexander Held did a fantastic job as two realistic persons with souls, without making them too saintly or monstrous.If you're looking for the facts about The White Rose itself, you may be disappointed. The behaviors of Sophie and Hans, her brother, before their arrest by the police look incredibly reckless, far from that of organized resistance. The film would not tell you much about what the group was really doing before they were caught because it is about the spiritual transformation of Sophie Scholl. I don't know anything about the historical accuracy of the film, but it is clear that the filmmakers took great care to present the most accurate portrait of Sophie Scholl (see the detailed procedures of the court, for example). Because of that, the film sometimes gets slower than it should be, but still the powerful acting from the actors are as fascinating as this historical event itself.If you're looking for the facts about The White Rose itself, you may be disappointed. The behaviors of Sophie and Hans, her brother, before their arrest by the police look incredibly reckless, far from that of organized resistance. The film would not tell you much about what the group was really doing before they were caught because it is about the spiritual transformation of Sophie Scholl. I don't know anything about the historical accuracy of the film, but it is clear that the filmmakers took great care to present the most accurate portrait of Sophie Scholl (see the detailed procedures of the court, for example). Because of that, the film sometimes gets slower than it should be, but still the powerful acting from the actors are as fascinating as this historical event itself.But the strongest, or I should say, the most shocking part of the film is waiting for you at the end of the film. One image still haunts my mind, which I can't tell you of course, but all I can say is, prepare for one sequence that is more unnerving and disturbing any suspense or horror films.But the strongest, or I should say, the most shocking part of the film is waiting for you at the end of the film. One image still haunts my mind, which I can't tell you of course, but all I can say is, prepare for one sequence that is more unnerving and disturbing any suspense or horror films.Like `Downfall' another gripping German film about the Nazi, `Sophie Scholl - Die letzten Tage' gives you a realistic image of a human during the war. And this is a heart-wrenching story about one real-life person that lived an extraordinary life.
 THE INCREDIBLES is a first-class animated film about a superhero and his family who are forced to seek the anonymity of a government witness protection program to escape a rash of lawsuits orchestrated by their enemies. Mr. Incredible has to endure the boredom of a job as an insurance claims specialist while his wife and children cooperate by also concealing their extraordinary powers in front of others. This is hardest on the children as they play with youngsters at school and on the athletic field. Eventually, Mr. Incredible is lured out of retirement on a ruse by a former foe. By now Mr. Incredible is older and fatter but he still proves equal to the challenge. The rest of the movie is filled with excitement and comical moments as Mr. Incredible finds himself in a tight spot from which only his family can rescue him. The cast is headed by Craig T. Nelson and Holly Hunter. Ms. Hunter supplies the voice for Elastigirl who is also the wife of Mr. Incredible.THE INCREDIBLES is a first-class animated film about a superhero and his family who are forced to seek the anonymity of a government witness protection program to escape a rash of lawsuits orchestrated by their enemies. Mr. Incredible has to endure the boredom of a job as an insurance claims specialist while his wife and children cooperate by also concealing their extraordinary powers in front of others. This is hardest on the children as they play with youngsters at school and on the athletic field. Eventually, Mr. Incredible is lured out of retirement on a ruse by a former foe. By now Mr. Incredible is older and fatter but he still proves equal to the challenge. The rest of the movie is filled with excitement and comical moments as Mr. Incredible finds himself in a tight spot from which only his family can rescue him. The cast is headed by Craig T. Nelson and Holly Hunter. Ms. Hunter supplies the voice for Elastigirl who is also the wife of Mr. Incredible.THE INCREDIBLES was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Achievement in Sound and Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen. Oscars were won for Best Animated Feature Film of the Year and Best Achievement in Sound Editing. In addition, THE INCREDIBLES won the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Animated Film
 We own three Baby Faith DVD's.  Our favorite is "God Made Music", followed by "God Made Me".  "God Made Animals", while still a good video, is our least favorite.  For one, the animal puppets ranged somewhere between uninspiring and downright disturbing (but judge for yourself, I've posted some pictures).  The frog was creepy - since when do frogs have lips?  The visuals accompanying the musical sequences seemed to be less imaginative and stimulating than the other videos too.  And the undersea clips at the end looked as old as Cousteau and were thoroughly uninteresting to my one year-old son, who is entranced by the other two videos but doesn't seem to care much for this one.  My suggestion...watch before you buy, if you can.  If your kid likes it, go for it.  If not, try the other videos.  You may get a different reaction
 I don't care what people say, I got it right off the bat, what the movie was about & I joy it as well .. Alien & Predator .. kids,it worked just fine for me .. & you got to love .. Predator ..kicking butt .. those cool look Aliens. It's fun watching & I'll enjoy, years to come .. Calling Spaceship Earth .. Thank for the trip & Thanks for dropping me at back home. Based more on Comic Books "Alien Vs. Predator" .. not so much on passed Alien Movies or Predator Movies. 
 I'm not a big fan of Tom or Demi, and Jack even wears out his welcome in some films, but not here. The supporting roles are superbly done, the tension in the plot is sustained well until the end, and when this shows up on cable TV I almost always watch it again for a half-hour or so. Here you find soldiers and the law and political correctness in conflict, and that reflects a lot of real life in the USA during the past four years. I enjoy the script, because it demonstrates how brain power sometimes wins out over brute force. 
 I have been a fan of CSI since the first season has come out. I am an avid collector of DVDs and I'm way behind, I'm on another show right now as we speak. Anyway, I love the sound, and the special features are always low, but I don't mind that. There is just one thing that I did not like. Part of the cover case on my season four dvd, came off. It still fits into my DVD collection, and I obviously won't buy another copy because the DVD's are working fine, but the plastic may come into a problem
 Had this movie on VHS and  my family wore it out.!An unexpected gem in the Harry Potter tradition
 This was a wonderful story telling about the hard-working Italian immigrants that started their businesses in New York.  Their determination, long hours, and love of family represent the values those immigrants brought to America.This was a wonderful story telling about the hard-working Italian immigrants that started their businesses in New York.  Their determination, long hours, and love of family represent the values those immigrants brought to America.If you love to cook & have an Italian heritage, you'll enjoy this film
 Couldn't believe that this was the same John Lithgow who starred in "Third Rock From the Sun", an hilarious comedy that ran for a few years on NBC.  John plays the ultimate bad guy seeking twisted revenge for being stopped in his tracks by Denzel's character.Couldn't believe that this was the same John Lithgow who starred in "Third Rock From the Sun", an hilarious comedy that ran for a few years on NBC.  John plays the ultimate bad guy seeking twisted revenge for being stopped in his tracks by Denzel's character.Wasn't expecting much, but this movie was surprisingly entertaining.  Yes, it was a little violent, and some parts were a tad unbelievable, but overall, Denzel and John were worthy antagonists.  Boy, Denzel sure was gorgeous!!  Still is.Wasn't expecting much, but this movie was surprisingly entertaining.  Yes, it was a little violent, and some parts were a tad unbelievable, but overall, Denzel and John were worthy antagonists.  Boy, Denzel sure was gorgeous!!  Still is.Wasn't expecting much, but this movie was surprisingly entertaining.  Yes, it was a little violent, and some parts were a tad unbelievable, but overall, Denzel and John were worthy antagonists.  Boy, Denzel sure was gorgeous!!  Still is.Wasn't expecting much, but this movie was surprisingly entertaining.  Yes, it was a little violent, and some parts were a tad unbelievable, but overall, Denzel and John were worthy antagonists.  Boy, Denzel sure was gorgeous!!  Still is.
 Seeing/hearing a movie such as this in the German language adds another layer which makes the movie ultra realistic.Seeing/hearing a movie such as this in the German language adds another layer which makes the movie ultra realistic.Furthermore the actors who play the key roles, especially Hitler, but also Goebbels, Speer, Himler are so alike to the actual historical figures it really is eerie.Furthermore the actors who play the key roles, especially Hitler, but also Goebbels, Speer, Himler are so alike to the actual historical figures it really is eerie.What sets the film apart from other WWII/Hitler films is that the characters are portrayed as human beings -- NOT stereotypical Hollywood caricatures.  What makes it chilling is that these human beings can be charming and yet a split second carry out the most horrific acts one can imagine.  Furthermore the the director avoids melodrama.  The events unfold on the screen naturally drawing the the viewer into the events as if one were actually in the bunker witnessing the horrifying events before the fall of Berlin.What sets the film apart from other WWII/Hitler films is that the characters are portrayed as human beings -- NOT stereotypical Hollywood caricatures.  What makes it chilling is that these human beings can be charming and yet a split second carry out the most horrific acts one can imagine.  Furthermore the the director avoids melodrama.  The events unfold on the screen naturally drawing the the viewer into the events as if one were actually in the bunker witnessing the horrifying events before the fall of Berlin.As good as Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan were, this film by comparision makes the them seem too contrived and over-acted.As good as Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan were, this film by comparision makes the them seem too contrived and over-acted.This is a milestone in WWII genre of film-making
 I became interested in this movie after reading the book "Ishmael" by Daniel Quinn and learning from a friend that this movie was based on the book. It was a very good movie and Anthony Hopkins is wonderfully persuasive but all the suggestion from "Ishmael" there seems to be is just that living in nature is better than living in civilization. There was nothing that indicated the precariousness of civilization - "takers" are mentioned but it comes across more as you just don't know what you are missing by being one - not that all of nature has had it. Heck, the movie makers would be shooting their own business in the foot if they were really to try and convince us to head back to the trees. But of course that was the main point of "Ishmael". If we don't give up being takers and go back to being part of nature, then nature has had it and so have we
 This is a good cold war drama. After a Soviet spy satellite comes down in the wrong place, the race is on to recapture the film. As was pointed out in the film, the Soviets used their German scientists to launch the satellite containing the camera stolen from England's German scientists using a special film developed by the US's German scientists. The film has the location of both side's missile installations and both sides want it. Neither side will give an inch.This is a good cold war drama. After a Soviet spy satellite comes down in the wrong place, the race is on to recapture the film. As was pointed out in the film, the Soviets used their German scientists to launch the satellite containing the camera stolen from England's German scientists using a special film developed by the US's German scientists. The film has the location of both side's missile installations and both sides want it. Neither side will give an inch.The chase takes place with a US nuclear sub, overcrowded by marines and spies. The problem is that there is a double agent on board who will give up his own life to sabotage the mission. The twists and turns don't stop and neither does the excitement. The film is dated but still a good show. The photography especially is spectacular, especially for that day and age.The chase takes place with a US nuclear sub, overcrowded by marines and spies. The problem is that there is a double agent on board who will give up his own life to sabotage the mission. The twists and turns don't stop and neither does the excitement. The film is dated but still a good show. The photography especially is spectacular, especially for that day and age.Rock Hudson leads an all star cast which does a great job across the board.
 I had to replace my video with this DVD version. This movie is spectacular--beautiful photography, excellent acting, and most importantly a tremendous comment on the social restrictions placed on women of the time.  It is based on the true life of one of the first commissioned female artists in Europe.  Artemesia, whose father is an artist, is forbidden to draw or paint the human body.  Her efforts to do so lead her into difficulties.  Her father is supportive but even he must fight the social structure--especially when trying to get her into the male-only art school.  He finally gets her apprenticed to another talented artist and is devastated when he finds they have engaged in an "unlawful" relationship.  He files rape charges and everyone suffers.  A brilliant social commentary
 Before I saw this sequel, I had heard and read that it was a terrible film. However, Be Cool is still an enjoyable comedy even if it's not as good as the original. It's full of so much self-deprecating humor that you can't help but cut it a break. I laughed quite a few times, and there are a lot of fun moments.Before I saw this sequel, I had heard and read that it was a terrible film. However, Be Cool is still an enjoyable comedy even if it's not as good as the original. It's full of so much self-deprecating humor that you can't help but cut it a break. I laughed quite a few times, and there are a lot of fun moments.However, the film is a bit uneven. The movie tries hard to find the humor in hit men and quirky characters, but it often seems to be trying a bit too hard. John Travolta reprises his role as Chili Palmer, Hollywood gangster, who now turns his eye to the music business. Using his "negotiation skills," he tries to run an independent record label with the wife of a murdered friend, played by Uma Thurman, and try to get his young singer (Christina Milian) a hit record.However, the film is a bit uneven. The movie tries hard to find the humor in hit men and quirky characters, but it often seems to be trying a bit too hard. John Travolta reprises his role as Chili Palmer, Hollywood gangster, who now turns his eye to the music business. Using his "negotiation skills," he tries to run an independent record label with the wife of a murdered friend, played by Uma Thurman, and try to get his young singer (Christina Milian) a hit record.An impressive cast is what saves the movie from sinking. The best performance is given by The Rock and it's nice to see him in a different type of role. Vince Vaughn also gives a funny performance though he started to get annoying before the end. Surprisingly, Uma Thurman gives an average performance and I was expecting more from her. John Travolta done an average job in his role but his performance was kind of dull. Christina Milian gives a horrible performance and she's also not that good of a singer. Cedric the Entertainer gives a good performance though he isn't in the film for very long. Andre 3000 had some funny moments and done a decent job as well. There are also a bunch of cameos including Steven Tyler and James Wood.An impressive cast is what saves the movie from sinking. The best performance is given by The Rock and it's nice to see him in a different type of role. Vince Vaughn also gives a funny performance though he started to get annoying before the end. Surprisingly, Uma Thurman gives an average performance and I was expecting more from her. John Travolta done an average job in his role but his performance was kind of dull. Christina Milian gives a horrible performance and she's also not that good of a singer. Cedric the Entertainer gives a good performance though he isn't in the film for very long. Andre 3000 had some funny moments and done a decent job as well. There are also a bunch of cameos including Steven Tyler and James Wood.F. Gary Gray directs and he does a poor job. He just doesn't handle the film very well and the movie is kind of a mess. There was also a ton of product placement and it got annoying after awhile. Also at 118 minutes, the film is too long and there are a lot of slow spots. The film needed to be edited badly and it clearly wasn't. Fortunately for the film, the actors are able to rise above the weak direction and script and they deliver some funny scenes. Sometimes, the film tried too hard while other times it was actually pretty funny. Compared to the original, the sequel doesn't measure up well. However, Be Cool is a fairly harmless and forgettable comedy. In the end, Be Cool is worth a rental and that's it.
 ..........so I do consider myself somewhat of an expert in the clinical arena.  I have watched them all,  Marcus Welby right on through ER.  Scrubs is the most realistic, albiet tongue-in-cheek representation of our professions.  You cannot take everything seriously,  but,  if you believe an emergency room can function like ER 24/7 and still have people standing,  you're out of touch w/ reality as well
 This is a must-have DVD, not only for wrasslin' fans, but for all of mankind. You will learn the ways of the WARRIOR and hopefully learn something about yourself as well.
 This DVD is hilarious.. Ultimate Warrior was a pretty cool character but legally changing his name to the Warrior... That is downright weird. christain is too funny in his impressionation
 This was my first exercise ball tape I bought.  Being a larger size person, I found that this was a help to getting started.  I can do most of the exercises right away.  I like that it has exercises with weights also.  I find this a help to getting back into shape, even with my bad back.This was my first exercise ball tape I bought.  Being a larger size person, I found that this was a help to getting started.  I can do most of the exercises right away.  I like that it has exercises with weights also.  I find this a help to getting back into shape, even with my bad back.
 Lots of good exercises and lots of helpful hints. Good dvd! Would recommend it to friends
    Director Richard Donner (LADYHAWKE, SUPERMAN, LETHAL WEAPON I, II, III, IV, etc.) leads an ensemble cast of stars Gerard Butler, Billy Connolly, Frances O'Connor, Ethan Embry, Morton Csokas and David Thewlis "back into time only to find out that if history had not been changed by these characters the present might not exist!" (Yeah! I wrote those words! Not another critic yet it's a true analysis of this fantastic film!)   If you loved Richard Donner's LADYHAWKE then TIMELINE (2003) based on the novel by Michael Crichton should capture your need to escape for a good two hours entirely! Modern day archeological students go into the past by way of new age technology in order to rescue their professor. ON the way and IN the way are knights of not so good caliber, ladies in distress and one man in particular who finds himself lured to a past he never realized existed for him until he is there!   My rating of TIMELINE is FIVE STARS! I can sit here and give away the plot but in order for you, the viewer to truly enjoy it, I'm not! When I saw TIMELINE for the first time it was in order to see another wonderful DONNER PRODUCTION and Billy Connolly, a Scot to whom my heart had been lost. The character of "Marek" (Gerard Butler) enslaved me upon my first sight of him! As "Creedy" in REIGN OF FIRE I'd fallen slightly under his spell and was willing to battle with dragons that I'd gone to cheer on in the film. "Creedy's" torched demise gave me cause to end their existence. "Marek" is yet another character such as LADYHAWKES "Navarre." (Rutger Hauer) For ladies who love a beleaguered knight without armor and men who like a man's man, "Marek" is your fellow!   TIMELINE is wonderful fun but enough of a twist to make you think about what actually would happen should we have the technology to "back to the future!" This is one film not only well worth the money but well worth the time to view over again and again! For ladies who despair of a real man keep this one within hand's grasp at a moment's notice! :-)
 This BBC miniseries has a well earned reputation as being much looser and freer with its literary souce (here the source material is not just one work but several works of DH Lawrence)than most literary adaptations for English television. Also, while most BBC productions of literary masterpieces are studies in social conservatism this one obviously identifies with and invites us to identify with its most irreverent and forward-thinking characters: in this case the sultry and sophisticated, and somewhat libertine (in a 1920's kind of way), Lady Chatterly & the earthy and irreverent and smoldering (smoldering both with class resentment and with lust for a lady from the oppressive class) Oliver Mellors.  Both of these factors can be attributed to director Ken Russell who has had a long and illustrious career writing and directing some of the BBC's best programs (many of them about musical composers). Russell is nothing if not unconventional and freethinking. Of course most of us in the states know Ken Russell as the director of a handful of cult classics such as TOMMY (1975), ALTERED STATES (1979),and, GOTHIC (1986); all of which feature lurid dream sequences and, some would say, gratuitously lewd situations. But Ken Russell is actually a director with many facets, and Russell's interest in DH Lawrence goes back to at least 1969 when he made what is still the best DH Lawrence adaptation on film, WOMEN IN LOVE (starring Glenda Jackson, Oliver Reed & Alan Bates). He then followed that up twenties years later with THE RAINBOW (starring Amanda Donohoe, and Sammie Davis). Both of these adaptations are known for being restrained and fairly true to their sources even though Russell did add some scenes in both which were not in the original books; his additions, however, were tasteful and even added clarity to the material. This BBC miniseries has a well earned reputation as being much looser and freer with its literary souce (here the source material is not just one work but several works of DH Lawrence)than most literary adaptations for English television. Also, while most BBC productions of literary masterpieces are studies in social conservatism this one obviously identifies with and invites us to identify with its most irreverent and forward-thinking characters: in this case the sultry and sophisticated, and somewhat libertine (in a 1920's kind of way), Lady Chatterly & the earthy and irreverent and smoldering (smoldering both with class resentment and with lust for a lady from the oppressive class) Oliver Mellors.  Both of these factors can be attributed to director Ken Russell who has had a long and illustrious career writing and directing some of the BBC's best programs (many of them about musical composers). Russell is nothing if not unconventional and freethinking. Of course most of us in the states know Ken Russell as the director of a handful of cult classics such as TOMMY (1975), ALTERED STATES (1979),and, GOTHIC (1986); all of which feature lurid dream sequences and, some would say, gratuitously lewd situations. But Ken Russell is actually a director with many facets, and Russell's interest in DH Lawrence goes back to at least 1969 when he made what is still the best DH Lawrence adaptation on film, WOMEN IN LOVE (starring Glenda Jackson, Oliver Reed & Alan Bates). He then followed that up twenties years later with THE RAINBOW (starring Amanda Donohoe, and Sammie Davis). Both of these adaptations are known for being restrained and fairly true to their sources even though Russell did add some scenes in both which were not in the original books; his additions, however, were tasteful and even added clarity to the material. What is interesting about this new DH Lawrence adaptation is that Ken Russell seems to have remained interested in DH Lawrence for so many years and for many of the same reasons. DH Lawrence more than any other author in the English language, or any language for that matter, stands for the power of the body and the bodies experience over the power of reason. This was the main theme of his earlier DH Lawrence adaptations and this is the main theme of his latest. But this one is by far the most sensual of the three and that is largely due to the fact that Joely Richardson seems to be the very embodiment of sensual awakening; the actress seems as willing as her character to simply follow the dictates of the body regardless of social norms.  Its always a big deal when a high profile actress (especially one with the lineage of Joely Richardson) sheds her clothes on screen, but to do so on British televison for all to see takes more than a little boldness. The nudity is well done and adds to the allure of this BBC classic; no question about that. The greatest scene in the entire 4 hour miniseries is not the nudity, however, but, the vision Joely has before she ever ventures out to that hut in the woods. One night after hearing her blowhard husband, Lord Clifford  (who cares more for his family estate "Wragby" and his "class" than he does about any individual), read from Socrates about the white horse of reason and the black horse of desire, she dreams she is riding through a Greek temple full of nude men who seem to be growing like vines out of the stone. This is not something that DH Lawrence ever wrote, this is pure Ken Russell and yet its the most exciting thing in the whole miniseries; plus its the best way to deliver Lady Chatterly's state of mind (or body) to us. DH Lawrence is actually very wordy for one who claims to be interested in the body more than in the mind but Ken Russell has found a visual shorthand for delivering those Lawrentian themes with nice visuals. I only wish there were more moments like this. The most sensual acting is done by Joely Richarson when in her private chambers. And Russell seems to be keenly aware that it is Lady Chatterly's imagination that fires her body. After the horse dream Connie drapes a veil over her head and walks nude through the house down to Lord Clifford's first-floor room. This scene is more imaginatively and erotically charged than any of the actual love scenes that will follow.  What is interesting about this new DH Lawrence adaptation is that Ken Russell seems to have remained interested in DH Lawrence for so many years and for many of the same reasons. DH Lawrence more than any other author in the English language, or any language for that matter, stands for the power of the body and the bodies experience over the power of reason. This was the main theme of his earlier DH Lawrence adaptations and this is the main theme of his latest. But this one is by far the most sensual of the three and that is largely due to the fact that Joely Richardson seems to be the very embodiment of sensual awakening; the actress seems as willing as her character to simply follow the dictates of the body regardless of social norms.  Its always a big deal when a high profile actress (especially one with the lineage of Joely Richardson) sheds her clothes on screen, but to do so on British televison for all to see takes more than a little boldness. The nudity is well done and adds to the allure of this BBC classic; no question about that. The greatest scene in the entire 4 hour miniseries is not the nudity, however, but, the vision Joely has before she ever ventures out to that hut in the woods. One night after hearing her blowhard husband, Lord Clifford  (who cares more for his family estate "Wragby" and his "class" than he does about any individual), read from Socrates about the white horse of reason and the black horse of desire, she dreams she is riding through a Greek temple full of nude men who seem to be growing like vines out of the stone. This is not something that DH Lawrence ever wrote, this is pure Ken Russell and yet its the most exciting thing in the whole miniseries; plus its the best way to deliver Lady Chatterly's state of mind (or body) to us. DH Lawrence is actually very wordy for one who claims to be interested in the body more than in the mind but Ken Russell has found a visual shorthand for delivering those Lawrentian themes with nice visuals. I only wish there were more moments like this. The most sensual acting is done by Joely Richarson when in her private chambers. And Russell seems to be keenly aware that it is Lady Chatterly's imagination that fires her body. After the horse dream Connie drapes a veil over her head and walks nude through the house down to Lord Clifford's first-floor room. This scene is more imaginatively and erotically charged than any of the actual love scenes that will follow.  The actual affair between Lady Chatterly and Oliver Mellors is a little odd; in fact its very awkward. At first they just agree (sort of) to use each other for sex. But of course that never works and soon they are intimates thoroughly engaged with each other, body and mind, and running naked through the rainy glades and meadows; then sitting nake dbefore a fire and pretending to be Lady Jane and John Thomas. Their "understanding" involves a mutual appreciation of nature, and a mutual loathing of Lord Clifford and the upper-class privileges that he defends as birthrights. Russell gets a lot of mileage out of the Racine and Proust reading and piano and chess playing Lord Clifford and his antagonisms toward all those that he perceives to be lower than himself (pretty much everyone in the coal mining community that he owns; this actor really has fun with this role and Russell obviously enjoys his rants because he gives him so many). Lord Clifford is actually a pretty forward-thinking guy, in his own way, as he does give his wife permission to take a lover, but, arguably, its for selfish reasons: he merely wants an heir. We certainly pity this WWI vet who must cart himself around in various malfunctioning contraptions (metaphors for the mind and its futile tinkerings perhaps; what people are reduced to when they no longer have a functioning body) but he just won't allow anyone to actually like him except his live-in nurse who finds him curiously attractive (a plot thread that Russell leaves undeveloped). He even vents about the lower classes "knowing their place" in the "natural" scheme of things right in front of his house servants. Russell lingers on the face of one table servant as he does so (another striking Russell touch). No mistaking whose side this film maker is on. So this affair of the body between Lady Chatterly and Mellors is actually informed by a social awareness and a mutual understanding and empathy (which one could argue is as much about reason as it is about the body). In any event we eventually come to accept that these two opposties are drawn to one another for a variety of social and sexual reasons: the one perhaps fueling the other. The actual affair between Lady Chatterly and Oliver Mellors is a little odd; in fact its very awkward. At first they just agree (sort of) to use each other for sex. But of course that never works and soon they are intimates thoroughly engaged with each other, body and mind, and running naked through the rainy glades and meadows; then sitting nake dbefore a fire and pretending to be Lady Jane and John Thomas. Their "understanding" involves a mutual appreciation of nature, and a mutual loathing of Lord Clifford and the upper-class privileges that he defends as birthrights. Russell gets a lot of mileage out of the Racine and Proust reading and piano and chess playing Lord Clifford and his antagonisms toward all those that he perceives to be lower than himself (pretty much everyone in the coal mining community that he owns; this actor really has fun with this role and Russell obviously enjoys his rants because he gives him so many). Lord Clifford is actually a pretty forward-thinking guy, in his own way, as he does give his wife permission to take a lover, but, arguably, its for selfish reasons: he merely wants an heir. We certainly pity this WWI vet who must cart himself around in various malfunctioning contraptions (metaphors for the mind and its futile tinkerings perhaps; what people are reduced to when they no longer have a functioning body) but he just won't allow anyone to actually like him except his live-in nurse who finds him curiously attractive (a plot thread that Russell leaves undeveloped). He even vents about the lower classes "knowing their place" in the "natural" scheme of things right in front of his house servants. Russell lingers on the face of one table servant as he does so (another striking Russell touch). No mistaking whose side this film maker is on. So this affair of the body between Lady Chatterly and Mellors is actually informed by a social awareness and a mutual understanding and empathy (which one could argue is as much about reason as it is about the body). In any event we eventually come to accept that these two opposties are drawn to one another for a variety of social and sexual reasons: the one perhaps fueling the other. Lady Chatterly's own father and sister are free-living  bohemians; so why exactly she was attracted to the repressed snob Lord Clifford Chatterly is a bit of a mystery. Both her father and sister encourage Connie to find lovers but her sister anyway is as much as a snob as Lord Clifford. We're not certain and we never hear what her father thinks of her affair with the gamekeeper Mellors so we never know if the affair has had social repercussions for Lady Chatterly herself.  Lady Chatterly's own father and sister are free-living  bohemians; so why exactly she was attracted to the repressed snob Lord Clifford Chatterly is a bit of a mystery. Both her father and sister encourage Connie to find lovers but her sister anyway is as much as a snob as Lord Clifford. We're not certain and we never hear what her father thinks of her affair with the gamekeeper Mellors so we never know if the affair has had social repercussions for Lady Chatterly herself.  The ending is a bit ...well I don't want to give it away. Suffice it to say that it's different than the book and it doesn't quite resolve those class issues that it raised. The answer seems to be: leave England. Perhaps the ending is based on one of Lawrence's short stories. In any event Ken Russell's creative attitude toward the "classics" is perhaps the most attractive thing about this adaptation. I hope his attitude is contagious and will inspire more loose and free treatments of the classics. This cultural freedom is refreshing and liberating (for mind and body).
 Sure, I could have compared Phantom Quest Corp. to a lot of other animes out there, but the basic premise is the same -- we get a group of people who are working together to solve sci-fi mysteries...and there is definitely nothing wrong with that.A friend of mine introduced me to this series, and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised overall.If you love having vampires and mummies, among other things, show up in your anime, along with a HUGE dosage of humor to boot, then you will absolutely LOVE this show -- it manages to take dark subject matter and make it into something comical.I think the biggest weakness in this series is definitely a coherent side story -- it seems like things are a little too hashed together at times, and a little too rushed. On top of that, half of the Phantom Quest team only shows up when actually needed to do something, such as the team exorcist and the fortune teller -- neither of these two characters really gets a strong introduction at all.One more weakness would really be in the music as well, which I found continuously grating on my nerves -- mainly, the theme song. Most of the other music is just merely OK.One more weakness would really be in the music as well, which I found continuously grating on my nerves -- mainly, the theme song. Most of the other music is just merely OK.Complaints aside, this is definitely worth your time, especially for such a small price -- buy this one, you certainly won't regret it
 To be honest, I think I found this by looking at listmania lists when I was searching for other anime titles. I had never heard of it, but the reviews seemed good and the price was more than attractive so I decided to give it a shot, although I didn't really expect too much. Boy am I glad I bought it! The only thing I didn't like about it was that there were only 4 episodes. I know this review says pretty much the same thing as all the other reviews, but I figured I should throw in my two cents anyway
 When I saw this I though &quot;why not, it doesn't look overly violent&quot;.  Boy am I glad I tried it.  While there are the usual fight scenes the overriding theme is a wonderful sense of humor.  As a night owl, I adore the morning scenes using different, highly original, method to awaken the heroine.  A real keeper and I just wish it was a long series
 This is the best way to spend the evening with your children. It is very well done, and the actors made this a Neverland not to forget. We have watch it multi times and told eveyone we come in contact to rent it, buy it, but most of all WATCH it
 I really liked this film.  Before Michael Moore became a liberal celebrity, he was a completely obscure magazine writer and filmmaker.  This film was a major underground hit at the time, and it still is excellent today.  You really feel for the people who lose their jobs, and you're infuriated by the callous indifference of Roger Smith and the management of General Motors.  I really liked the segment where Flint tries to reinvent itself as tourist mecca of the Midwest.  It consisted of a horribly misguided attempt at opening up a Hilton in downtown Flint, and opening up a theme park called Auto World.  It justs smacks of desperation and stupidity; it has make you laugh and grimace at the same time.  Instead of giving these people really good jobs again, they come up with this idiotic scheme, which ended up in disaster (both the Hilton and Auto World closed within a year).  Moore in recent years has become a "political celebrity", in that politics has become quite the cottage industry in America.  It's not just Moore doing it; right wingers like Hannity and Coulter have been doing it too.  They all got books; some of them got films; some of them have radio shows.  A lot of them aren't really interested in changing anything, as it might interfere with their livelihoods.  I don't know if Moore is like that or not.  But this is still a potent, darkly funny film about real class warfare, and the dismantling of the working class in America.  I really liked this film.  Before Michael Moore became a liberal celebrity, he was a completely obscure magazine writer and filmmaker.  This film was a major underground hit at the time, and it still is excellent today.  You really feel for the people who lose their jobs, and you're infuriated by the callous indifference of Roger Smith and the management of General Motors.  I really liked the segment where Flint tries to reinvent itself as tourist mecca of the Midwest.  It consisted of a horribly misguided attempt at opening up a Hilton in downtown Flint, and opening up a theme park called Auto World.  It justs smacks of desperation and stupidity; it has make you laugh and grimace at the same time.  Instead of giving these people really good jobs again, they come up with this idiotic scheme, which ended up in disaster (both the Hilton and Auto World closed within a year).  Moore in recent years has become a "political celebrity", in that politics has become quite the cottage industry in America.  It's not just Moore doing it; right wingers like Hannity and Coulter have been doing it too.  They all got books; some of them got films; some of them have radio shows.  A lot of them aren't really interested in changing anything, as it might interfere with their livelihoods.  I don't know if Moore is like that or not.  But this is still a potent, darkly funny film about real class warfare, and the dismantling of the working class in America.  
 Leftist-Anti EstablishmentarianMichael Moore is mad as hell andhe's not taking it anymore as hissmalltown America, Flint, MI hasjust lost 30,000+ jobs as greedyG.Motors Exects move plant to Mexicoand put above mentioned thousandsout of work. Moore does a good jobof keeping the subject serious fora change. Other good Moore filmsincluded Fahrenheit 911 and TheBig One. Others he's done get toofar into his leftist politics whichI am (far-political-middle/Populist)am not into. Good job here, Michael
 A film about the porn industry in the late 70's early 80's. Great Cast, Great Performances, Great Story, just a Great Film. Unique approach to the subject, characters that are flashy yet human with real emotion ,characters played by Julianne Moore, Don Cheadle, Heather Graham, William H. Macy, and Burt Reynolds respectfully, are great to watch. This is a performance piece
 I love this movie.  How can you not with such hilarious diologue?  One of my most favorites is when Yzma outlines her first plan to get rid of Kuzko.  Ending with a hilarious "I'll smash it with a hammer!"  But diologue aside, there's so much more to this movie.  The characters are so wonderfully individual, from self-absorbed Kuzko, to evil Yzma with her "secret lab", to dim witted Kronk with his shoulder angel and devil(Secondly, look what I can do.Um, I don't see how that...No, no.  He's got a point.)Over and over agian, this movie will keep you laughing.  Watch, and enjoy
 Wonderful to find in the sale just as my tape was wearing out.Delightful movie,well acted by all but especially wonderful performance by Bridges as the human/alien hybrid.A superb print too.Thanks Amazon - you did it again
 Frida is luscious eye candy from beginning to end; so beautiful it could be enjoyed without sound.  This is due to its subject, its star, and its director, Julie Taymor, who also gave us the astounding Titus.  (If you have not yet seen Titus, do so before finishing this review - it is an art director's tour de force on a par with Brazil.)Frida is luscious eye candy from beginning to end; so beautiful it could be enjoyed without sound.  This is due to its subject, its star, and its director, Julie Taymor, who also gave us the astounding Titus.  (If you have not yet seen Titus, do so before finishing this review - it is an art director's tour de force on a par with Brazil.)Regardless of where one falls on the political spectrum, one can't help but be intrigued by the fascinating, and certainly unconventional, people of Frida.  Diego Rivera, played superbly by Alfred Molina, boasted the traditional faults of great artists, (narcissism, thoughtless cruelty, obsessive egotism), while showcasing some exceptional ones, (art as propaganda device, naive political idealism).  His flaws were as large as his murals, but he was never dull.Regardless of where one falls on the political spectrum, one can't help but be intrigued by the fascinating, and certainly unconventional, people of Frida.  Diego Rivera, played superbly by Alfred Molina, boasted the traditional faults of great artists, (narcissism, thoughtless cruelty, obsessive egotism), while showcasing some exceptional ones, (art as propaganda device, naive political idealism).  His flaws were as large as his murals, but he was never dull.In addition to starring as Frida, Salma Hayek co-produced the film and pretty much moved heaven and earth to get it made.  How wonderful that she did.  Hayek has traveled under a Hollywood curse, appearing in one dreadful picture after another.  This is clearly the film she wants to be remembered by, and her performance is note perfect.  The story is so full of pain and passion that it could easily become maudlin and goopy, but Hayek never lets that happen.  Her Frida is heart and steel all at once - amazing.In addition to starring as Frida, Salma Hayek co-produced the film and pretty much moved heaven and earth to get it made.  How wonderful that she did.  Hayek has traveled under a Hollywood curse, appearing in one dreadful picture after another.  This is clearly the film she wants to be remembered by, and her performance is note perfect.  The story is so full of pain and passion that it could easily become maudlin and goopy, but Hayek never lets that happen.  Her Frida is heart and steel all at once - amazing.The take home message, if there is one, is that great art is never free.  In the case of Rivera, others paid the price; he fed off others like a greedy child.  In the case of Frida Kahlo, she herself paid the price, digging further and further into her own pain and laying it bare in a way that is almost unspeakably brave.  There are moments of magic realism in Frida, where we move imperceptibly from the filmed image to paintings and vice versa - if nothing else this reveals the paintings for what they were, astounding autobiographical statements.The take home message, if there is one, is that great art is never free.  In the case of Rivera, others paid the price; he fed off others like a greedy child.  In the case of Frida Kahlo, she herself paid the price, digging further and further into her own pain and laying it bare in a way that is almost unspeakably brave.  There are moments of magic realism in Frida, where we move imperceptibly from the filmed image to paintings and vice versa - if nothing else this reveals the paintings for what they were, astounding autobiographical statements.There are a few missteps.  The liaisons with Trotsky and Josephine Baker feel almost obligatory, as if a form is being filled out.  But blemishes this small are overshadowed by so many splendid moments, for example, when Rivera's dog urinates on his painting and he responds by calling him the best art critic in Mexico.There are a few missteps.  The liaisons with Trotsky and Josephine Baker feel almost obligatory, as if a form is being filled out.  But blemishes this small are overshadowed by so many splendid moments, for example, when Rivera's dog urinates on his painting and he responds by calling him the best art critic in Mexico.Beyond highly recommended - must viewing.
 We enjoy listiening and watching this DVD on our HDTV. We play this when have friends over with the volume low and find them humming or singing along
 Of all the many many documentaries recounting the despicable acts of mass murder committed in the name of Allah on that day, this is by far the most comprehensive and the most unflinching.  Because of this, those whose mindsets side more with that of the terrorists will find this factual documentary somewhat distressing in its raw recitation of events.  And perhaps none more so than "Caesar" in his review of Sept. 17, 2006.  If only he found at least as troubling the carnage, bloodshed, and destruction deliberately perpetrated by his Islamic buddies against civilian populations.  But, more on this in a bit.  Of all the many many documentaries recounting the despicable acts of mass murder committed in the name of Allah on that day, this is by far the most comprehensive and the most unflinching.  Because of this, those whose mindsets side more with that of the terrorists will find this factual documentary somewhat distressing in its raw recitation of events.  And perhaps none more so than "Caesar" in his review of Sept. 17, 2006.  If only he found at least as troubling the carnage, bloodshed, and destruction deliberately perpetrated by his Islamic buddies against civilian populations.  But, more on this in a bit.  As regards this extraordinary video, from the perspectives of air traffic controllers, FAA officials, NORAD and NEADS, the air crews and passengers on board each of the four doomed flights, to the testimonies of the witnesses, participants, firefighters, and all the heroes on and near Ground Zero, this is the singular documentary that takes you minute by minute through the hell deliberately planned and perpetrated by those whose religion had them believing that the execution of such hellish bloodshed granted them virgin-laden heaven.  (and no... this is not the "propaganda" or view of the documentary, but instead my own conclusions drawn on many years of personal investigation of Islam).As regards this extraordinary video, from the perspectives of air traffic controllers, FAA officials, NORAD and NEADS, the air crews and passengers on board each of the four doomed flights, to the testimonies of the witnesses, participants, firefighters, and all the heroes on and near Ground Zero, this is the singular documentary that takes you minute by minute through the hell deliberately planned and perpetrated by those whose religion had them believing that the execution of such hellish bloodshed granted them virgin-laden heaven.  (and no... this is not the "propaganda" or view of the documentary, but instead my own conclusions drawn on many years of personal investigation of Islam).Anyone who, like "Caesar" here, could watch this fully factual account and then call such a splendid documentary "goody-goody propaganda" "try(ing) to portray the US as good guys being hit by the bad guys..." reveals instead either their rabid religious fanaticism or otherwise their own anti-American hatred for so apparently condoning such ghastly blood-soaked horrors as the acts of "good guys" retaliating against "bad guys."  Anyone who, like "Caesar" here, could watch this fully factual account and then call such a splendid documentary "goody-goody propaganda" "try(ing) to portray the US as good guys being hit by the bad guys..." reveals instead either their rabid religious fanaticism or otherwise their own anti-American hatred for so apparently condoning such ghastly blood-soaked horrors as the acts of "good guys" retaliating against "bad guys."  While "Caesar" (how telling a nickname) attempts to school us ignorant Americans on our country's past political-policy foibles, yet he fails to mention the billions in financial and economic aid we have given the Islamic nations, the millions in military equipment and technical advisory assistance provided them as they struggled against invading Soviet forces and/or other foreign enemies attempting to annex and rule over sovereign Islamic nations, the ousting from Kuwait of the brutal armed forces of an Islamic fascist dictator who had invaded and then "enjoyed" weeks of the metaphoric and all too literal raping in this tiny Islamic nation while openly looting, terrorizing, butchering, torturing, and murdering its citizens while none of its Islamic neighbors lifted so much as a finger to intervene, but instead begged the United Nations and the U.S. to solve their problems for them... which we did!  And these are just a tiny listing of the far greater acts we have done for the cause of justice and good, and all of it on Islam's behalf.  And yet, 9/11 is only the latest and greatest terrorist massacre by which we continue to be repaid by the bloodthirsty religion of Islam for all we have done and continue to do on its behalf.While "Caesar" (how telling a nickname) attempts to school us ignorant Americans on our country's past political-policy foibles, yet he fails to mention the billions in financial and economic aid we have given the Islamic nations, the millions in military equipment and technical advisory assistance provided them as they struggled against invading Soviet forces and/or other foreign enemies attempting to annex and rule over sovereign Islamic nations, the ousting from Kuwait of the brutal armed forces of an Islamic fascist dictator who had invaded and then "enjoyed" weeks of the metaphoric and all too literal raping in this tiny Islamic nation while openly looting, terrorizing, butchering, torturing, and murdering its citizens while none of its Islamic neighbors lifted so much as a finger to intervene, but instead begged the United Nations and the U.S. to solve their problems for them... which we did!  And these are just a tiny listing of the far greater acts we have done for the cause of justice and good, and all of it on Islam's behalf.  And yet, 9/11 is only the latest and greatest terrorist massacre by which we continue to be repaid by the bloodthirsty religion of Islam for all we have done and continue to do on its behalf."Caesar" also glaringly omits and all too conveniently ignores radical Islam's blood-soaked history and their on-going policy of religiously motivated bomb blasts, hijackings, kidnappings, tortures, rapes, gang rapes, female circumcisions, sawing and/or hacking off people's limbs and heads, mutilations, and always... mass murder after mass murder after yet more mass murder all perpetrated against civilian populations worldwide, including those of their own religion, and all thanks to Islam's foundational tenets of blood lust that makes all such horrors not only acceptable but actually laudable, eternally rewardable, and thus... forever inevitable.  "Caesar" also glaringly omits and all too conveniently ignores radical Islam's blood-soaked history and their on-going policy of religiously motivated bomb blasts, hijackings, kidnappings, tortures, rapes, gang rapes, female circumcisions, sawing and/or hacking off people's limbs and heads, mutilations, and always... mass murder after mass murder after yet more mass murder all perpetrated against civilian populations worldwide, including those of their own religion, and all thanks to Islam's foundational tenets of blood lust that makes all such horrors not only acceptable but actually laudable, eternally rewardable, and thus... forever inevitable.  True, all religions have their radicals and fanatics.  But none deliberately attract, nurture, and encourage terrorist fanatics more than does Islam.  And none preaches genocide against the entire Jewish race/nation and all non-Islamic "infidels" in the name of God more than does Islam.  And it is how this video accurately documents for the entire world only this latest and greatest mass butchery in the name of Allah that probably motivates "Caesar" most to attempt such blatant anti-U.S. propagandizing here.  And for those who would disagree, I challenge "Caesar" or anyone else to provide us any reliable evidence of even a single factual error in this documentary. True, all religions have their radicals and fanatics.  But none deliberately attract, nurture, and encourage terrorist fanatics more than does Islam.  And none preaches genocide against the entire Jewish race/nation and all non-Islamic "infidels" in the name of God more than does Islam.  And it is how this video accurately documents for the entire world only this latest and greatest mass butchery in the name of Allah that probably motivates "Caesar" most to attempt such blatant anti-U.S. propagandizing here.  And for those who would disagree, I challenge "Caesar" or anyone else to provide us any reliable evidence of even a single factual error in this documentary. What I think "Caesar" fears most is that such a powerful documentary as this might add to the growing world view that despite the constant rhetoric of Islam as a religion of "peace," the ever-escalating terrorist acts of its leaders and constituents in the name of Islamic religion reveal the exact opposite to be the true case.  Maybe it's just me, but I'm thinking any religion that so encourages its hormone-driven young men to blow themselves up with as many "infidels" as they can so as to spend eternity in orgiastic sex with 72 virgins deserves to be fully prosecuted, at the very least on charges of "conspiracy to commit (mass) murder"!What I think "Caesar" fears most is that such a powerful documentary as this might add to the growing world view that despite the constant rhetoric of Islam as a religion of "peace," the ever-escalating terrorist acts of its leaders and constituents in the name of Islamic religion reveal the exact opposite to be the true case.  Maybe it's just me, but I'm thinking any religion that so encourages its hormone-driven young men to blow themselves up with as many "infidels" as they can so as to spend eternity in orgiastic sex with 72 virgins deserves to be fully prosecuted, at the very least on charges of "conspiracy to commit (mass) murder"!And one thought that just hit me:  If more and more Islamics continue to either commit or condone such bloodshed and with the full approval of their Islamic leaders, which god are they truly honoring and emulating:  Allah -- the Creator of Life; or instead, Iblis (Satan), the Destroyer of it?  By their fruits are they known, after all.And one thought that just hit me:  If more and more Islamics continue to either commit or condone such bloodshed and with the full approval of their Islamic leaders, which god are they truly honoring and emulating:  Allah -- the Creator of Life; or instead, Iblis (Satan), the Destroyer of it?  By their fruits are they known, after all.And on the question of whom and what Islamics most worship and adore, permit me to close this review as also does this wonderful documentary, by quoting one of Islam's most renowned clerics:And on the question of whom and what Islamics most worship and adore, permit me to close this review as also does this wonderful documentary, by quoting one of Islam's most renowned clerics:"We love death.  The U.S. loves Life.  That is the big difference between us."    -- Osama bin Laden  
 Wow, I watched this on the national geographic channel and I was so astonished at some of the details, that I had to buy it. It should be a must buy for any library across this country. I encouage every American to watch this
 If you have never been introduced to Thora Birch-this is the one to see.  I don't know if this was her first movie or not but she is really young in this film. If there were ever a star born "this is it". She is just unbelievable.  Griffin and Johnson are really great too.  This movie is actually worth watching for the scene location alone
 Somehow Denis Leary and Peter Tolan managed to improve on an already amazing show.  Rescue me continues to be the best show out there. 
 I have absolutely no idea how to properly describe this movie. I just know that I had to buy it b/c I rented it so often. Napolean is such a loser. His brother Kip could have a huge "L" on his own forehead.They have a pet llama named Tina. Watching this movie brought back all of my akward teen years. Agh! Also made me feel a LOT prettier and smarter than I thought I was. In the end, though, they all win. Kip is especially transformed. "Your mom goes to college...
 FALLING IN LOVE 1984 is One of my Favorite Romantic 80s Movies,I have two LASERDISC Copies One [NEW] And the other is [ USED ] And I have it on DVD too,You gotta give it a try you will love it too :
 In all of the other X-men DVDs, they show very little on the couple that i like the best. Kitty and Lance. the first episode Joyride, is when Lance joins the X-men. Not everyone is pleased, but almost all are. Scott is the one who hates Lance and Doesen't believe that Lance is doing this out of truth. well when cars, jets, start mysterisoly getting very dirtty. Scott blames it all on Lance. But is it Lance or is someone else having the Joyride?? and Walk on the Wild Side is a episode very good towards "Girl Power" Jean, Boom Boom, Rouge, Magma,Kitty decide to become the BayVille Sirens. Stoping crime and Wearing Leather in the process. the other Two epsiodes are worth getting the Disc After All, any X-Men DVD is worth it
 Now with the release of the '38 version of 'A Christmas Carol' I can once again enjoy the antics of the grumpy old Ebenezer Scrooge as played by Reginald Owens. In my opinion not as good as the later Alastair Sim version in '51, but all in all a wonderful film that can be enjoyed by the whole family. Now with the release of the '38 version of 'A Christmas Carol' I can once again enjoy the antics of the grumpy old Ebenezer Scrooge as played by Reginald Owens. In my opinion not as good as the later Alastair Sim version in '51, but all in all a wonderful film that can be enjoyed by the whole family. This version is not as dark and scary as the '51 production, so if you have a young child you want to introduce to this wonderful Christmas story of transformation and redemption for the first time this is definitely the version they should view first. One of the essentials for your DVD Christmas collection!
 This 1971 black comedy is still a stitch, even if it doesn't feel as audacious as I'm sure it once did. Directed by the maverick Hal Ashby, it is the epitome of all opposites-attract love stories as a twenty-year old depressive connects with a 79-year old life-loving woman. They actually bond over their mutual interest in death, as they keep showing up at the same funerals. However, the root of their respective interests couldn't be more different - Maude shows up to reconfirm how lucky she feels to be alive, while the hearse-driving Harold simply likes the morbidity of it all.This 1971 black comedy is still a stitch, even if it doesn't feel as audacious as I'm sure it once did. Directed by the maverick Hal Ashby, it is the epitome of all opposites-attract love stories as a twenty-year old depressive connects with a 79-year old life-loving woman. They actually bond over their mutual interest in death, as they keep showing up at the same funerals. However, the root of their respective interests couldn't be more different - Maude shows up to reconfirm how lucky she feels to be alive, while the hearse-driving Harold simply likes the morbidity of it all.The plot is really about their burgeoning relationship, while his mother constantly attempts to make the death-obsessed Harold more socially acceptable. First, she uselessly sets him up on a series of blind dates. To foil any hope of romance with these women, however, he stages mock-suicides which simply perturbs rather than disturbs his mother. She then recruits an ineffectual analyst and even has her brother Victor, a hawkish officer and Vietnam War amputee, to try to convince Harold to join the Army. The episodic structure of the story by Collin Higgins (years before becoming a director in his own right with "Foul Play" and "Nine to Five") allows the characters to develop in subtle ways with a completely deadpan approach despite the outward shenanigans of the characters' actions. The movie eventually moves toward a greater gravitas but despite some soap opera elements, surprisingly not at the expense of the pervasive whimsical tone.The plot is really about their burgeoning relationship, while his mother constantly attempts to make the death-obsessed Harold more socially acceptable. First, she uselessly sets him up on a series of blind dates. To foil any hope of romance with these women, however, he stages mock-suicides which simply perturbs rather than disturbs his mother. She then recruits an ineffectual analyst and even has her brother Victor, a hawkish officer and Vietnam War amputee, to try to convince Harold to join the Army. The episodic structure of the story by Collin Higgins (years before becoming a director in his own right with "Foul Play" and "Nine to Five") allows the characters to develop in subtle ways with a completely deadpan approach despite the outward shenanigans of the characters' actions. The movie eventually moves toward a greater gravitas but despite some soap opera elements, surprisingly not at the expense of the pervasive whimsical tone.Ruth Gordon is her typically pixilated self, an archetype she played for years afterward, while Bud Cort is terrific in conveying his particular brand of wide-eyed cynicism. It's really their unforced chemistry that keeps the film feeling fresh 35 years later. There are funny sideline performances by Vivian Pickles as Harold's eye-rolling mother, Ellen Geer as an overly actressy blind date named Sunshine, and Eric Christmas in a very funny cameo as a disapproving priest. Cat Stevens' soundtrack hasn't aged as well as, say, Simon and Garfunkel's music in "The Graduate", but it still works as a folkish commentary on the quirky proceedings. Unfortunately, the 2000 DVD contains a rather compromised print and there are no extras included
 This presents us with a visual voyage into music that, in my opinion, excels that if the original Fantasia. Not only is the animation itself is extremely fluid, colorful, and highly diverse from segment to segment, but the representation of the music is, in itself, sheer genius. As I have come to expect from Disney, at least some research has been done into the texture of the music as well as thematical studies and tonal structure. This much, I believe, is made in evidence of both blatant and subtle use of contrast on screen to highlight the contrast of the music
    I have to say, it took me a while to getting around to seeing this.  I thought "Silence Of The Lambs" was good - it featured a great performance by Anthony Hopkins, and the rest of it was....good.  But that was about it, as far as I was concerned.  It just didn't really click with me, and it wasn't anything near the great movie I'd been hoping for, so when its sequel was released I didn't feel any great need to rush out and get it as soon as it was released.  A bit surprisingly though, I thought "Hannibal" was really great once I finally did see it.  Everyone said it was more geared toward horror than "Silence..." (which is fine by me) and it may have been, marginally.  But much more than that, it was just a Better horror movie than its predecessor, and it was also a better thriller and a better drama movie, in my opinion.  Hopkins is just as good, if not better, than he was as Dr. Hannibal Lecter the first time around, and while I usually don't like recasting roles in a movie (unless the actor or actress is playing a creature or monster or something where you don't see their real face or hear their real voice, and even there they sometimes end up getting the mannerisms wrong) Julianne Moore did a great job stepping into the Clarice Starling role originally played by Jodie Foster.   I have to say, it took me a while to getting around to seeing this.  I thought "Silence Of The Lambs" was good - it featured a great performance by Anthony Hopkins, and the rest of it was....good.  But that was about it, as far as I was concerned.  It just didn't really click with me, and it wasn't anything near the great movie I'd been hoping for, so when its sequel was released I didn't feel any great need to rush out and get it as soon as it was released.  A bit surprisingly though, I thought "Hannibal" was really great once I finally did see it.  Everyone said it was more geared toward horror than "Silence..." (which is fine by me) and it may have been, marginally.  But much more than that, it was just a Better horror movie than its predecessor, and it was also a better thriller and a better drama movie, in my opinion.  Hopkins is just as good, if not better, than he was as Dr. Hannibal Lecter the first time around, and while I usually don't like recasting roles in a movie (unless the actor or actress is playing a creature or monster or something where you don't see their real face or hear their real voice, and even there they sometimes end up getting the mannerisms wrong) Julianne Moore did a great job stepping into the Clarice Starling role originally played by Jodie Foster.   The movie centers around the hunt to find Lecter by the only victim of his original, pre-incarceration, carnage to survive - a thoroughly despicable pedophile who avoided ever being charged for his crimes by cutting a deal with prosecutors to give evidence against Lecter.  It seems like "Hannibal" has changed tract from "Silence" and is implying that most if not all of Lecter's victims May have been horrendous individuals who in some way brought his wrath down upon themselves.  Whether that's the truth or whether it was just this one victim who was so reprehensible, the effect was to create a foil for Hannibal who's even more evil than he is.  Hannibal Lecter himself is, well, he's not a 'good guy' in this movie; he is, though, presented in very cryptic shades of grey.  His behaviors contradict one another but do so in a way that feels real, and he's much more interesting as a character this time around.  Clarice also is; she comes across here as a character who's somehow traumatized, perhaps even mentally unbalanced, deep down but supresses it so well that it took a genius like Lecter to ever see it, and that's what so intrigued him in the first place.  One possible interpretation of things overall (and this is just one of many potential takes on it; the movie briefly and subtly hints at so many different things that you could take away just about anything from it - making it a great source of conversation for movie-lovers) is that Hannibal Lecter is a person who had/has the potential for great goodness within himself but chose evil, while Clarice Starling has the potential for great darkness and Hannibal-level violence in her, but chose to be good, chose in fact to make her career in opposing those who give in to the same darkness.  A lot of food for thought in this one (no pun intended).    The movie centers around the hunt to find Lecter by the only victim of his original, pre-incarceration, carnage to survive - a thoroughly despicable pedophile who avoided ever being charged for his crimes by cutting a deal with prosecutors to give evidence against Lecter.  It seems like "Hannibal" has changed tract from "Silence" and is implying that most if not all of Lecter's victims May have been horrendous individuals who in some way brought his wrath down upon themselves.  Whether that's the truth or whether it was just this one victim who was so reprehensible, the effect was to create a foil for Hannibal who's even more evil than he is.  Hannibal Lecter himself is, well, he's not a 'good guy' in this movie; he is, though, presented in very cryptic shades of grey.  His behaviors contradict one another but do so in a way that feels real, and he's much more interesting as a character this time around.  Clarice also is; she comes across here as a character who's somehow traumatized, perhaps even mentally unbalanced, deep down but supresses it so well that it took a genius like Lecter to ever see it, and that's what so intrigued him in the first place.  One possible interpretation of things overall (and this is just one of many potential takes on it; the movie briefly and subtly hints at so many different things that you could take away just about anything from it - making it a great source of conversation for movie-lovers) is that Hannibal Lecter is a person who had/has the potential for great goodness within himself but chose evil, while Clarice Starling has the potential for great darkness and Hannibal-level violence in her, but chose to be good, chose in fact to make her career in opposing those who give in to the same darkness.  A lot of food for thought in this one (no pun intended).    Great performances all around; in notable addition to Hopkins and Moore the brilliant Gary Oldman plays Lecter's nemesis and the chronically overlooked and under-rated Ray Liotta plays an unlikable, rather creepy FBI agent who's constantly at odds with Starling.  A very, very engaging and wel-made movie
 We just got this DVD last week, but ever since that time it has remained in the DVD player and has been viewed at least a dozen times by my three year old daughter, Cassidy. She LOVES this DVD and all the planets that come to life.  She sings along and has really learned her planets.  The songs are top notch.  The DVD is enjoyable for adults, even after ten viewings when most kid videos would become painful.  A+++++++++++ 
 Moonlighting is one of the greatest series to ever grace television. Bruce Willis and Cybill Shepherd have a chemistry that just makes the episodes work. The scripts are well written, funny when they are supposed to be and serious when they are supposed to be. All I can say is you should check it out and see for yourself. I'm very happy I decided to buy these DVDs.
 "The Five People You Meet in Heaven" is a powerful book with many mixed emotions. This film was a constant mystery as I never knew what would happen next. The story is all about the people who affected Eddie the most in his life. The people he meets in Heaven are interesting and also somewhat shocking.  Some people he knew, and some he had never met. This was a great idea. Mitch Albom kept me wanting to read as I usually am not too interested in books. This truly is the greatest book I've ever read and therefore I would definitely recommend it to everyone.Mitch Albom kept me wanting to read as I usually am not too interested in books. This truly is the greatest book I've ever read and therefore I would definitely recommend it to everyone.
 Microphone {tap, tap, tap}: Ladies and gentlemen! For your wrestling entertainment, I introduce to you the Lord's Luchador, the Mauling Monk, the Orphanator! Put your hands together for Naaaacho Liiiibbbbre!Microphone {tap, tap, tap}: Ladies and gentlemen! For your wrestling entertainment, I introduce to you the Lord's Luchador, the Mauling Monk, the Orphanator! Put your hands together for Naaaacho Liiiibbbbre!Jack Black (KING KONG) returns as another obsessive character in Jared Hess' latest cinematic offering, NACHO LIBRE. Most will remember Hess for his stunning direction of NAPOLEON DYNAMITE. Here he gets a bit more money for production and gives us a hilarious tale of a Mexican monk who's early dreams of becoming a luchador (wrestler) come to fruition later in life. Jack Black (KING KONG) returns as another obsessive character in Jared Hess' latest cinematic offering, NACHO LIBRE. Most will remember Hess for his stunning direction of NAPOLEON DYNAMITE. Here he gets a bit more money for production and gives us a hilarious tale of a Mexican monk who's early dreams of becoming a luchador (wrestler) come to fruition later in life. Jack Black plays Nacho, a cook at an orphanage/monastery where his talents as a chef come into question daily. But the one thing Nacho yearns for is to become a professional wrestler. His contact sports passions are reignited by the arrival of a beautiful nun named Sister Encarnacion (Ana de la Reguera (LADIES NIGHT), and by a wily thief named Esqueleto (SUPERVIVENCIA), a streetwise thug with bizarre moves. Esqueleto and Nacho team up and eventual take to the ring, only to be beaten time and again, but still making money. But making money isn't enough for Nacho ("I want to win!"). Vanity gets the better of Nacho and he tries everything to achieve his goal of becoming a winner, including finding a shaman who gives him sketchy advice regarding eagle eggs. Jack Black plays Nacho, a cook at an orphanage/monastery where his talents as a chef come into question daily. But the one thing Nacho yearns for is to become a professional wrestler. His contact sports passions are reignited by the arrival of a beautiful nun named Sister Encarnacion (Ana de la Reguera (LADIES NIGHT), and by a wily thief named Esqueleto (SUPERVIVENCIA), a streetwise thug with bizarre moves. Esqueleto and Nacho team up and eventual take to the ring, only to be beaten time and again, but still making money. But making money isn't enough for Nacho ("I want to win!"). Vanity gets the better of Nacho and he tries everything to achieve his goal of becoming a winner, including finding a shaman who gives him sketchy advice regarding eagle eggs. Finally Nacho learns that winning comes from within and uses his "inner" strength to make his way to the top.Finally Nacho learns that winning comes from within and uses his "inner" strength to make his way to the top.Silliness occasionally racks Nacho Libre, but it is saved by Jack Black's incredible physical comedy. Not since SCHOOL OF ROCK has he been so well cast. The training scenes alone are worth the price of the rental (Cow dung to the face? A wasps nest to the head? Shooting Esqueleto with a blunted arrow?) When Nacho tries to court Sister Encarnacion, the comedy is further ratcheted up as Jack Black uses his butt-muscle tone in a nut cracking fashion! 	Silliness occasionally racks Nacho Libre, but it is saved by Jack Black's incredible physical comedy. Not since SCHOOL OF ROCK has he been so well cast. The training scenes alone are worth the price of the rental (Cow dung to the face? A wasps nest to the head? Shooting Esqueleto with a blunted arrow?) When Nacho tries to court Sister Encarnacion, the comedy is further ratcheted up as Jack Black uses his butt-muscle tone in a nut cracking fashion! 	Napoleon Dynamite fans will flock to Hess' latest film, and will probably be amazed at what he accomplished with a little more cash and a few Hollywood well-known actors
 Its been a long time since I have laughed this much!!!! Getting down to "the nitty gritty" it is an enjoyable comedy.  The chemistry between Jack Black "Nacho" and Hector Jimenez "Esqueleto" is what makes the movie so funny. His accent was not Mexican but very funny. My family and I just loved the movie, which I think we have seen 5 times in the theatre
 This movie is a classic. If you haven't seen it or heard of it, buy it now
 very exciting and will keep you glued to your seat.  i have just watched (2006) for first time.....
 Federico Fellini's 1972 film is not his best, when he has 8 1/2, La Strada and La Dolce Vita to his credit. While many critics adore this film for its absurdity and plotless, dreamy structure, I found it boring and phantasmagorical. It is simply Fellini's version of Rome and not Rome, the Eternal City itself. To risk sounding negative, I shall admit that there are some moments in which it is most expressive of early 1970's Rome - the scenes in which the hippies and American tourists invade the city, the long scene in the outdoor restaurant where everyone is talking their heads off (though saying some pretty vulgar things) and my favorite scene- the underground archaelogical excavation in which the frescoes of old Roman Patricians fade into oblivion. But mostly this film is weak in that it bored me because there was no plot. It starts off alright, and the movie works well when there is no sudden fantasy sequences. Fellini is himself in this movie, as well as Gore Vidal. Fellini envisions himself as a young man studying Rome in his youth in a strict Catholic school (the slide/projector shows ancient monuments like the Colliseum, the Apian Way, Trevi Fountain and Vatican as well as an offensive pornographic image of a woman's behind) and later as a young man journeys to Rome itself and takes residence with a large family in a crowded apartment in a slum. Then the young man sees a talent show that is tasteless, vulgar and long-winded. I found myself just as unimpressed as outraged as the audicences that went as far as to throw a dead cat on stage! It bothered me that there is much attention to prostitution, brothels or cheap, slutty women. The cover on the film is the promiscuous woman at the start of the film. And for a film about Rome and Italy, there is hardly any allusion to opera or any true classical theater. The Pope fashion show was ludicrous and blasphemous. Only serious, hardcore fans of Fellini will want to own this DVD. It is a perfect follow-up to his equally absurd and sexually radical Satyricon, loosely based on the old Roman epic.
 This DVD is the bomb! Why?  Prince puts on a show. From Morris Day and the Time- (a Must see) to the Lenny Kravitz and Prince Jam session. True Prince fans will love seeing his energy and creativity. This DVD is the bomb! Why?  Prince puts on a show. From Morris Day and the Time- (a Must see) to the Lenny Kravitz and Prince Jam session. True Prince fans will love seeing his energy and creativity. Prince is a real performer who puts his heart and soul in every dance move and song. Prince is a real performer who puts his heart and soul in every dance move and song. As for the spirituality aspect, I loved to see that side of him.The song he sang was powerful and heartfelt. The song he sang was powerful and heartfelt. Get the DVD. You won't be disappointed
  If you're even showing an interest to vol.2 then you most likely own or have seen vol.1. Even then I recommend this one as much as any of them, since you gotta watch the whole series in order to find out what happens in the end. Anyways, vol.2 offers the same fun antics the 1st vol. did, BUT unfortunately when compared to vol.1 you'll see that there are a whole lot less sword fights and basically no violence at all. Any sword fighting that actually occur usually doesn't last long enough to be considered a "fight". But this DVD makes up for that with plenty more comical antics than the 1st vol. So enjoy it, I know I did
 you gotta get the whole series....you can't just get one or two dvds...you need the whole thing, trust me.  Once you start you gotta go all the way to the end
 This movie is worth owning. It's a classic tale, well done and very entertaining
 This is a great kid's movie with a lot of characters and a great story plot. It's a good combination of a musical and a story with good characters and characters that do not make good choices :-) I would suggest not over thinking the story line, it's a kid's movie after all. And no its not all about the flying cars, believe me even a two year old is capable of appreciating more!
 This is a classic musical that I grew up watching on network tv. It has the great love story for the girls and the cool gaget car for the boys. I bought it to share with my kids and they loved it
 I didn't watch this one beforeBecause of all the hypeToo many buddy comediesWere coming through the pipeWere coming through the pipeThis one caught me by surpriseIt really was first rateTwo dudes who're crashing weddingsSo they'll always have a dateSo they'll always have a dateFast-talking party animalsWith very rigid rulesBreak it off before sunriseCommitment's just for foolsCommitment's just for foolsUntil one day one falls in loveThe other falls in lustIf you want to see Vince Vaughn get hurtThen this one is a mustThen this one is a mustSometimes sappy, sometimes sweetand often lewd and loudbut it doesn't stoop to flatulenceso it stands out from the crowdso it stands out from the crowdso it stands out from the crowdso it stands out from the crowdAmanda Richards, November 5, 2006
 Wow, I was so excited to see this available on DVD. This is from the era of cartoon geniuses. These cartoons are good for all ages and will never go out of fashion. I can not wait to have kids and show this to them. It beats the violence and tone of cartoons today. This is my choice for a cartoon lovers collection a MUST HAVE. Enjoy
 I was just gonna watch the film because I think RObert De Niro is one of the Greatest Actors Ever, but then the film takes on a behind the scenes of Being Black&that truly adds another factor to this film.it's a trip out film
 This movie has recieved several bad reviews and I can understand that. This movie is a rather complex movie and not the typical "first gay love movie", but if you like movies that are not, this one if a must have. The movie is not a hardcore sex movie, in fact there is only one scene of sex, in the movie. The positives of this movie are, it uses silence as a tool and it looks into a differnt kind of first love, one that doesn't turn out in the same way other movies portray. Again, I only recomend this movie to people who enjoy complex movies and are not looking for just hardcore sex
 I love this movie. While the teen movie stereotypes are always apparent in every film, "She's All That" doesn't go overboard and, surprisingly, presents a relatively realistic view of the high school social strata.I love this movie. While the teen movie stereotypes are always apparent in every film, "She's All That" doesn't go overboard and, surprisingly, presents a relatively realistic view of the high school social strata.After Zach, the class president and soccer star, is very publically dumped by his "magically delicious" (and equally popular) girlfriend, Taylor, he's hard put to maintain his legacy.After Zach, the class president and soccer star, is very publically dumped by his "magically delicious" (and equally popular) girlfriend, Taylor, he's hard put to maintain his legacy.Uber-jock, though a little slow, Zach's friend, Dean, bets him that he can't replace Taylor and make any girl prom queen.Uber-jock, though a little slow, Zach's friend, Dean, bets him that he can't replace Taylor and make any girl prom queen.Enter Laney Boggs, an art student who cares little about the social scene. Dean picks Laney as Zach's prom queen "project" and Zach has a hard time convincing Laney to even go out with him.Enter Laney Boggs, an art student who cares little about the social scene. Dean picks Laney as Zach's prom queen "project" and Zach has a hard time convincing Laney to even go out with him.Meanwhile, Taylor, the ex, is dating a Real World reject who she met over spring break, but she's still catty over her "discards" and is horrible to Laney, embarassing her at a party.Meanwhile, Taylor, the ex, is dating a Real World reject who she met over spring break, but she's still catty over her "discards" and is horrible to Laney, embarassing her at a party.The more time Zach spends with Laney, the more he starts to like her and Laney begins to open up and finds a real outlet in her art.The more time Zach spends with Laney, the more he starts to like her and Laney begins to open up and finds a real outlet in her art.Dean, sensing he might be about to lose the bet, asks Laney to prom before Zach gets around to it and, a recently single Taylor, attaches herself to Zach's arm, assuming he'll take her back.Dean, sensing he might be about to lose the bet, asks Laney to prom before Zach gets around to it and, a recently single Taylor, attaches herself to Zach's arm, assuming he'll take her back.Ultimately, feelings are hurt, battle lines are drawn...and a really cool dance scence takes place at the prom.Ultimately, feelings are hurt, battle lines are drawn...and a really cool dance scence takes place at the prom.I love the fresh comedy in the movie that is amusing for teens without being impractical or raunchy. The characters are well-developed and actually evolve in a realistic fashion (even if you are left wondering how nice-guy Zach ever dated self-absorbed Taylor Vaughn).I love the fresh comedy in the movie that is amusing for teens without being impractical or raunchy. The characters are well-developed and actually evolve in a realistic fashion (even if you are left wondering how nice-guy Zach ever dated self-absorbed Taylor Vaughn).All-in-all, there's really nothing comparable to the teen movies like "Sixteen Candles" or "Pretty In Pink" because those are genres unto themselves, but "She's All That" is definitely a nice representation of a good, modern teen movie
 What more could a true Parrotthead ask for than Jimmy Buffett live at Wrigley Field?What more could a true Parrotthead ask for than Jimmy Buffett live at Wrigley Field?This two-disc DVD set captures the truly historic concert from Chicago. Jimmy and the band put on a great show. It makes you feel as though you were part of the show.This two-disc DVD set captures the truly historic concert from Chicago. Jimmy and the band put on a great show. It makes you feel as though you were part of the show.The bonus coverage is not to be miseed. The time lapse of setting up the stage is fun to watch. And the Star-Spangled Banner performance rivals Jimi Hendrix.The bonus coverage is not to be miseed. The time lapse of setting up the stage is fun to watch. And the Star-Spangled Banner performance rivals Jimi Hendrix.This is a must for any music lover, but the true Parrottheads will definitely need to add it to their collection
 I have always enjoyed watching this movie, with so many great stars, some whom are no longer with us; never owned it on video, now I have it on DVD, great price too!! It was worth it
 If there is one war story to keep on your shelf besides "Saving Private Ryan," this is it.If there is one war story to keep on your shelf besides "Saving Private Ryan," this is it.The story starts with a lawyer visiting England as a tourist years after war's end. He discovers a cheap, ceramic antique which the store owner tells him is of little value. "Value?" replies the lawyer. "Wrap it very carefully" he adds. So begins his mental journey back in time to the English airstrip where he served as adjutant of the 918th (nine, eighteenth) Bomb Group.The story starts with a lawyer visiting England as a tourist years after war's end. He discovers a cheap, ceramic antique which the store owner tells him is of little value. "Value?" replies the lawyer. "Wrap it very carefully" he adds. So begins his mental journey back in time to the English airstrip where he served as adjutant of the 918th (nine, eighteenth) Bomb Group.This "hard luck" group is taken over by a brigadier general from a colonel who has "over-identified" with his men, thus putting them before his missions. The general, Frank Savage, must restore group discipline and performance before the group disintegrates as an effective fighting unit.This "hard luck" group is taken over by a brigadier general from a colonel who has "over-identified" with his men, thus putting them before his missions. The general, Frank Savage, must restore group discipline and performance before the group disintegrates as an effective fighting unit.General Savage puts mission before men and turns the disgruntled men who despise him into a cohesive unit. They turn into a group that will do anything to keep from being left behind, or letting down their new leader. (Each announcement of a mission for the following day is characterized by the operations officer going to the mantel piece in the Officers' Club, and turning the head of a ceramic pirate, face outward.)General Savage puts mission before men and turns the disgruntled men who despise him into a cohesive unit. They turn into a group that will do anything to keep from being left behind, or letting down their new leader. (Each announcement of a mission for the following day is characterized by the operations officer going to the mantel piece in the Officers' Club, and turning the head of a ceramic pirate, face outward.)But the tough general will not make the same mistake that the last group commander makes. He will always keep the mission first, and will not over-identify with his men. He will not let the loss of his men affect him. But the tough general will not make the same mistake that the last group commander makes. He will always keep the mission first, and will not over-identify with his men. He will not let the loss of his men affect him. Or, will he?Or, will he?This black & white story is exceptional and superbly acted. It shows the mental tug-of-war a leader must make in the decisions that will cost the lives of men he has come to admire and respect. It depicts how the ugliness of war brings out the best in ourselves, and creates fraternal bonds that last a lifetime.This black & white story is exceptional and superbly acted. It shows the mental tug-of-war a leader must make in the decisions that will cost the lives of men he has come to admire and respect. It depicts how the ugliness of war brings out the best in ourselves, and creates fraternal bonds that last a lifetime.This is not a gory story, but it is one that will leave you breathless. It may sadden you, but it will not disappoint you. It does not end with everyone living, or happy.This is not a gory story, but it is one that will leave you breathless. It may sadden you, but it will not disappoint you. It does not end with everyone living, or happy.War never does.War never does.War never does.War never does.War never does.P.S. The "whole nine yards" refers to the length of ammunition linked together that fed into the machine guns aboard each bomber
 this is like the classic that killed other classics. for some reason this is around the time when characters started dying off more in anime. so anime was never the same around this time. based off the manga loosely. i mean some parts are changed or edited. over here the manga was rare so try it if you like this type of animation. still one of my favorites in terms of anime classics. beware this is a type of movie that will kick you in your face and start to laugh. a very hyper violent film. lot's of action!
 This film was originally titled The Testimony of Taliesin Jones. It is named for the hero, a little Welsh boy whose mother leaves his farm family for a life in town. His experiences are touching, and seem to involve a gift of healing.This film was originally titled The Testimony of Taliesin Jones. It is named for the hero, a little Welsh boy whose mother leaves his farm family for a life in town. His experiences are touching, and seem to involve a gift of healing.Delightful, beautiful, deserves to be better known than it is
 This DVD is the BESt DVD by far for how to dj. Awesome interviews and 2nd disc does excellent job of showing you all you need to know about how to dj. Do not waste money on other cheap and cheesy Dj dvds like I did, spend the extra few bucks and I knwo you will be happy with this purchase
 I was given the "Special Fan Remix" edition of this film last Christmas, and I must say, the so-called bonus features only detract from the wonderful original.  So stick with the original
 After buying the original "The Fast and The Furious" I found most of my enjoyment came from making fun of the movie and shaming it.  However, I can now say I am a fan of the trilogy (all 3 films are good).After buying the original "The Fast and The Furious" I found most of my enjoyment came from making fun of the movie and shaming it.  However, I can now say I am a fan of the trilogy (all 3 films are good).Lucas Black is simply The Man and gives another great performance here.  Bow Wow does a surprisingly good job as well.  Car buffs and street racers will especially like this movie (which I am neither).  This is a fast paced and exciting action packed movie that many will enjoy
 Michael Par("Into the Sun""Space Fury"), Nancy Allen("Limit up" "Robocop"),two famous star in 80's, made this a five-star Sci-Fi movie. But no subtitle or Closed Captioned , so I will give it 4.5 star.
 I am very disappointed with this movie "The Philadelphia Experiment" that have no English subtitles, due to my deafness. I was planning to buy this DVD.I am very disappointed with this movie "The Philadelphia Experiment" that have no English subtitles, due to my deafness. I was planning to buy this DVD.I have seen it many times in late 1980s and have been waiting for the English subtitles since
 This dvd takes some of the funniest episodes from the series. The Dvd is put together quite well and episodes are taped better than vhs. The only problem is with 1 or 2 episodes it splits for a quick second, but i would recommend to anyone who like any Lucille Ball items
  I love Leslie Sansone's videos. She's quirky and a bit "ditzy", but her workouts are always easy to follow and fun; this is no exception. There have been previous complaints about her cues not being good enough, but I had absolutely no problems- even on my first try. If you don't want to miss a beat, pay close attention at first- you'll hear the directions. I bought this because I loved Walk and Jog so much. Walk and Kick is not quite as intense, but it still works up a sweat. For a day where you're not working quite as hard, this is a great workout for people interested in a bit of kickboxing (but not for experience kickboxers).  I also saw complaints about Leslie saying some silly things about the size of her nose, dusting the floor, etc; this is classic Leslie chatter, and I personally think it makes the workout go faster. If you don't like the chatter of her other videos, you wont like this one. As an avid WATP video user, I give this one a big thumbs up.
 Excellent pay per view. One of the best of 2002. Here's the matches:Excellent pay per view. One of the best of 2002. Here's the matches:1) 6-Man Elimination Table Match: 3 Minute Warning & Rico vs. Jeff Hardy & Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley (5/5)Great opener. Lots of high spots included. For 300+ pounders, 3 Minute Warning really can move. Surprise ending.Great opener. Lots of high spots included. For 300+ pounders, 3 Minute Warning really can move. Surprise ending.2) Cruiserweight Championship: Jamie Noble (champion) vs. Billy Kidman (5/5)Both looked impressive during the match putting on a superb bout. Watch for Noble's sick DDT and Kidman aerial moveset.Both looked impressive during the match putting on a superb bout. Watch for Noble's sick DDT and Kidman aerial moveset.3) Hardcore Match for Women's Championship: Trish Stratus (champion) vs. Victoria (4/5)A solid women's division match. Tons of weapons but a weak finish. Victoria supposedly injured her ACL in this match but I couldn't find the spot. Maybe you can.A solid women's division match. Tons of weapons but a weak finish. Victoria supposedly injured her ACL in this match but I couldn't find the spot. Maybe you can.4) WWE Championship: Brock Lesnar (champion) vs. Big Show (2/5)Of course Brock was able to suplex the Big Show and Brock was able to get him up for the F-5, which Paul Heyman doubted. The match unfolded quickly and equipped a strong end.Of course Brock was able to suplex the Big Show and Brock was able to get him up for the F-5, which Paul Heyman doubted. The match unfolded quickly and equipped a strong end.5) WWE Tag Team Championship Elimination Match: Edge & Rey Mysterio (champions) vs. Kurt Angle & Chris Benoit vs. Los Guerreros (3/5)Using a Tag Title bout as a warm-down match didn't pay out well. Rey possessed an intense aereal arsenal compared to his present one. Worth watching.Using a Tag Title bout as a warm-down match didn't pay out well. Rey possessed an intense aereal arsenal compared to his present one. Worth watching.6) World Championship Elimination Chamber Match: Triple H (champion) vs. Kane vs. Chris Jericho vs. Rob Van Dam vs. Booker T vs. Shawn Michaels (4/5)I was hoping someone would bring the match atop the chamber, but was disappointed. And the fact that Jericho was a World Tag Team champion at the time puzzled me, since Christian, his partner, wasn't even on the show. Besides that, a great Main Event. RVD nearly crushed Triple H's throat at one point. Jericho knew how to work an Elimination Chamber at perfectly.I was hoping someone would bring the match atop the chamber, but was disappointed. And the fact that Jericho was a World Tag Team champion at the time puzzled me, since Christian, his partner, wasn't even on the show. Besides that, a great Main Event. RVD nearly crushed Triple H's throat at one point. Jericho knew how to work an Elimination Chamber at perfectly.Overall 4/5 for Survivor Series 2002. Worth buying
 i found the movie to be very creative and unique. i thought the appearance of the movie was very similar to how a stage set-up for a play would be. i thought that this was intentional and it helped to place the focus on the words/message. there was a lot of different things going on in the movie which i enjoyed: greed; true love; spirituality; determination; self-esteem issues; and jealousy. i am not a prince fan, but i love the contrast in personalities between prince and morris day, and how this contrast plays out as they pursue the same woman, who happens to be an angel who was sent to change both of them (clever). i gave the movie a 4 and not a 5 because although it was very artistic, morris day lost a battle i feel he should have won
 SYBIL is a movie that was long overdue for an uncut release to the public. The performances by Sally Field and Joanne Woodward are impeccable and gave the subject matter (child abuse) and enormous amount of exposure at a time when it went largely unnoticed. Wharever disputes may have arisen since over techniques, both the book and the movie became musts for students of Abnormal Psychology at that time and for decades afterwards.Joanne Woodward reverses her roles from "The Three Faces Of Eve" to portray Dr. Cornelia Wilbur with consummate skill, while Sally Field's performance as Sybil is awesome and breathtaking as she dissolves from one self into another (the movie works with thirteen of the Book's sixteen personalities).  Without being overtly graphic, the movie conveys all of the horrors of Sybil's childhood with an incredible impact.The rest of the cast is excellent, with Martine Bartlett's "Hattie", Sybil's mother, in the chilling forefront and Natasha Ryan as Little Sybil close behind.The real Sybil, unaware that Sally Field had just been chosen to play her based on her trial reading with Joanne Woodward, let it be known that she wanted Stewart Stern and Daniel Petrie to try and get Sally for her part. {From the Extras Bonus Disk)I can't recommend the movie and the book enough to students of Human Behavior and Psychology, whether for personal of professional interests.It took Hollywood 30 years to try remaking the film, which should indicate how high the bar was set by this original cast and production
 This is my first WATP video, but I started at the highest mile because I am an intermediate/advanced exerciser so I knew I needed something high intensity to get my heart rate going, but mostly I was looking for variety in my workout.  And I must say, I just love this video.  It is the only video I own that MAKES me want to do it.  I truly enjoy working out, but when I find a workout that makes it fun and mixes things up, I know I hit the jackpot.  This workout can be perfect for most exercisers, although beginners probably want to start with her starter videos and gradually work up to the Super Challenge.  Leslie is a good instructor, but as most have mentioned, she does talk quite a bit and has a very annoying laugh.  But its about the workout, not the sound of her voice, and in that, WATP Super Challenge accomplishes alot.  I hope to buy more of her videos in the future.
 As an American I find this video showing the incredible distruction and the first responders who are operating at the scene of this enormous tragedy compelling. To think that this terrorist attack actually happened on our soil is truly unbelievable. Another reviewer from France states that the footage is nothing special!  That is the furthest from the TRUTH! I guess the he believes that the terrorist attack never took place! This is an HISTORIC Document that should be seen by every American!
 This is a great video, my daughter learned all her ABC's with the letter factory and now she is learning words and she is not even two yet!  Go leap frog
 I had no idea what I had missed.  I bought this set at Sam's Club for $18 (now I see what a deal I really got).  I watched every minute and loved it.  If you haven't seen it...DO!  And, maybe check out Sam's Club for your own copy at an incredible price
 Very entertaining! Except few scenes, I really enjoyed this movie. (but hey, nothing is perfect, right? except maybe LOTR...). You should buy this DVD or at least rent it, watched, and then decide. I watched it few times and I will more in the future! Good romantic comedy!
 This is easily one of the best films of the 80's. Kevin Bacon is a GOD in this movie. He plays a total renegade that swigs booze and dances like the devil. When the Footloose song comes on the radio, my co-worker Tom and i cant help but busting into dance. Its films like this that can make you feel good and drunk with happy feet!! Buy this dvd for your collection and you'll be bursting into dance before u know it!
 AN ANIMATED FAMILY OF X-MEN -- COMPLETE WITH SPANDEX & IT ALL TURNS OUT PRETTY - - WELL - - INCREDIBLE: AN ANIMATED FAMILY OF X-MEN -- COMPLETE WITH SPANDEX & IT ALL TURNS OUT PRETTY - - WELL - - INCREDIBLE: Pixar and Disney have made six exceptional films together, but I find myself reaching for this one almost every time. Pixar and Disney have made six exceptional films together, but I find myself reaching for this one almost every time. Needless to say, superhero films are no longer novelties, yet this film seems to have new angles on seemingly cliched themes. The lawsuits that put the "Supers" out of business is certainly a real gem and it gives Brad Bird who wrote and directed "The Incredibles" some unexplored avenues to try, which he does and it turned out, well - - PRETTY INCREDIBLE! Needless to say, superhero films are no longer novelties, yet this film seems to have new angles on seemingly cliched themes. The lawsuits that put the "Supers" out of business is certainly a real gem and it gives Brad Bird who wrote and directed "The Incredibles" some unexplored avenues to try, which he does and it turned out, well - - PRETTY INCREDIBLE! WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT: WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT: First we have the husband and wife superhero team that never has a chance to team up as "Supers" and instead turns into Mr. & Mrs. Average American after the lawsuits that ended the "Supers" crime fighting dynasty. Along the way they had three very different yet "Super" offspring! Wow, that's enough right there to keep us busy. First we have the husband and wife superhero team that never has a chance to team up as "Supers" and instead turns into Mr. & Mrs. Average American after the lawsuits that ended the "Supers" crime fighting dynasty. Along the way they had three very different yet "Super" offspring! Wow, that's enough right there to keep us busy. We also have sub-plots which include each one of the 3 children's coming of age in a "Super" way, but as ordinary kids. The kids, like their parents, struggle all the way through the film to get to where they go and they grow in the process individually and as a family. We also have sub-plots which include each one of the 3 children's coming of age in a "Super" way, but as ordinary kids. The kids, like their parents, struggle all the way through the film to get to where they go and they grow in the process individually and as a family. We have Bob Parr [Mr. Incredible] going through what appears to be a mid-life crisis, and his confused wife, Helen, who just wants them all to fit in like everybody else. But, after all, how can "Elastigirl" be just another soccer mom? We have the return of a hostile and dysfunctional former fan [Buddy] who turns "The Incredibles" lives upside-down and inside-out. For the first time, the "Supers" are the underdogs! We have Bob Parr [Mr. Incredible] going through what appears to be a mid-life crisis, and his confused wife, Helen, who just wants them all to fit in like everybody else. But, after all, how can "Elastigirl" be just another soccer mom? We have the return of a hostile and dysfunctional former fan [Buddy] who turns "The Incredibles" lives upside-down and inside-out. For the first time, the "Supers" are the underdogs! EVERYTHING THAT FOLLOWS - SATISFYING FAMILY ISSUES & MUCH MORE: EVERYTHING THAT FOLLOWS - SATISFYING FAMILY ISSUES & MUCH MORE: After these elements are set into motion, we have EVERYTHING THAT FOLLOWS, and it is fascinating to see all the Incredibles' family issues worked out like any other family's, but with many interesting twists. "The Incredibles" is a SUPER film! After these elements are set into motion, we have EVERYTHING THAT FOLLOWS, and it is fascinating to see all the Incredibles' family issues worked out like any other family's, but with many interesting twists. "The Incredibles" is a SUPER film! DVD FEATURES: Anamorphic Widescreen 2.39:1 [very widescreen] Digital to Digital Transfer is the sharpest I have seen yet! DVD FEATURES: Anamorphic Widescreen 2.39:1 [very widescreen] Digital to Digital Transfer is the sharpest I have seen yet! Lots of features and deleted scenes as well as some early concepts for different ways of introducing the characters make me grateful they made it the way they did. Lots of features and deleted scenes as well as some early concepts for different ways of introducing the characters make me grateful they made it the way they did. The "Jack-Jack Attack" is probably the high point of the features and illustrates what we did not see going on between "Jack-Jack" and the baby-sitter. I just wish it was longer. The behind the scenes "Featurettes" are worth watching as are the blooper scenes, though they seem a bit contrived. The "Jack-Jack Attack" is probably the high point of the features and illustrates what we did not see going on between "Jack-Jack" and the baby-sitter. I just wish it was longer. The behind the scenes "Featurettes" are worth watching as are the blooper scenes, though they seem a bit contrived. There are two commentary tracks, one with Brad Bird [writer/director] and John Walker [producer]. and another with the animators. I could not watch the entire movie with either track on. Maybe you can. The files about the "Supers" are interesting. There is lots more. If you like to go in for it, you can spend the day with the features alone. There are two commentary tracks, one with Brad Bird [writer/director] and John Walker [producer]. and another with the animators. I could not watch the entire movie with either track on. Maybe you can. The files about the "Supers" are interesting. There is lots more. If you like to go in for it, you can spend the day with the features alone. For me, however, there is the film. This is the best animated film, in my opinion, and is perfect for all members of the family (of all ages) to connect with in a fun-filled, family sort of way. For me, however, there is the film. This is the best animated film, in my opinion, and is perfect for all members of the family (of all ages) to connect with in a fun-filled, family sort of way. 
 It's interesting to read some of the other reviews. I can't understand how it could take a viewer two times to get through this enchanting movie. It's imaginative, as was "Nightmare Before Christmas", but goes beyond that movie with even better stop-action animation and a musical score that is richer and more moving. I loved "Nightmare", but Corpse Bride takes all the things I loved and made them better. The voices of all the actors ring true. The mood is gothic and yet comical. The score is rich and defines the movie perfectly. (The DVD allows you to watch the movie with only the music, and that's a real plus.)
 Awesome! Bought for my husband for Valentine's Day!  Even our 8 year old son loved it.  Excellent condition
 Great story.  Great actors.  Beautiful scenery and colors.  My favorite movie
 "Student of History" is a student of Christian biased history. There are plenty of qualified scholars, and current book like that of theologian Bart Ehman for one, who show that early Christianity was based on forged documents that claimed earlier pedigree, but were written by ambitious men who sought to dominate a very wide spead of ideas about who and what those events in Judea were about. (Not Paliestine! The Romans named the region Palestine after the war against the Jews in 70CE). The fact that one man (Constantine) sought a single authoritive finality was a political move, not an act or miracle of "God." Authority of apostles is more Christian myth and power assertion, not historical proof of the varacity of the Bible and Christian claims. Objective scholarship has shown for example that a church father (probably Iraneus) forged copies of Josephus by adding the paragraphs that refer to Jesus. It is easy to understand when we remember that typewriters and copy machines did not exist then! Handwriting is sort of a give-away, especially when other earlier copies exist with no insets about Jesus. What is known about the Gospel of Thomas and other second century altnative Christian texts is that they were warred against by the eventual winner. It might have gone otherwise and then people like you would be claiming a completely different set of circumstances as facts. People with no authority like Iraneus wrote tracts condemning any other view than his own and those of his small cult. He called Arius of Alexander for example, a heretic. But he had no authority to do so. He forged documents to prove it never realizing that in the future, others would also forge whatever they found expedient to make reality for believers. Paul called it "Lying to bring you the truth." But a lie is a lie and historians can't make lies facts. So the yoke of bias due to conditioned belief must be thrown off if one is to be a true historian and seeker of truth."Student of History" is a student of Christian biased history. There are plenty of qualified scholars, and current book like that of theologian Bart Ehman for one, who show that early Christianity was based on forged documents that claimed earlier pedigree, but were written by ambitious men who sought to dominate a very wide spead of ideas about who and what those events in Judea were about. (Not Paliestine! The Romans named the region Palestine after the war against the Jews in 70CE). The fact that one man (Constantine) sought a single authoritive finality was a political move, not an act or miracle of "God." Authority of apostles is more Christian myth and power assertion, not historical proof of the varacity of the Bible and Christian claims. Objective scholarship has shown for example that a church father (probably Iraneus) forged copies of Josephus by adding the paragraphs that refer to Jesus. It is easy to understand when we remember that typewriters and copy machines did not exist then! Handwriting is sort of a give-away, especially when other earlier copies exist with no insets about Jesus. What is known about the Gospel of Thomas and other second century altnative Christian texts is that they were warred against by the eventual winner. It might have gone otherwise and then people like you would be claiming a completely different set of circumstances as facts. People with no authority like Iraneus wrote tracts condemning any other view than his own and those of his small cult. He called Arius of Alexander for example, a heretic. But he had no authority to do so. He forged documents to prove it never realizing that in the future, others would also forge whatever they found expedient to make reality for believers. Paul called it "Lying to bring you the truth." But a lie is a lie and historians can't make lies facts. So the yoke of bias due to conditioned belief must be thrown off if one is to be a true historian and seeker of truth.The real "key" to the entire mystery - and the inspiration for all of these writers is the nagging reality of the original parchments found by the real life priest Beringer Saunier in 1891 in Rennes-le-Chateau. I have been there several times. The original parchments are kept in a vault in London at a Loyd's Bank. The copies have been studied by many and here is the problem for the debunkers; When a fraud is being perpetuated, code puzzles are invariably simple and unsophisticated. Experts agree that the codes on the parchments are so sophisticated that they would have had to have been created by a very intelligent individual - a genuis. Everything can be argued down for lack of enough solid evidence if you wish to prefer Christian myths like virgin birth, death and resurrection (actually earlier pagan myths), but the parchments remain a piece of evidence that no un objecive debunker likes to talk about. The real "key" to the entire mystery - and the inspiration for all of these writers is the nagging reality of the original parchments found by the real life priest Beringer Saunier in 1891 in Rennes-le-Chateau. I have been there several times. The original parchments are kept in a vault in London at a Loyd's Bank. The copies have been studied by many and here is the problem for the debunkers; When a fraud is being perpetuated, code puzzles are invariably simple and unsophisticated. Experts agree that the codes on the parchments are so sophisticated that they would have had to have been created by a very intelligent individual - a genuis. Everything can be argued down for lack of enough solid evidence if you wish to prefer Christian myths like virgin birth, death and resurrection (actually earlier pagan myths), but the parchments remain a piece of evidence that no un objecive debunker likes to talk about. Dan Brown has made the subject popular again by writing a book and making a film that tantilizes the minds of many people. He also gives the public a new level of nonsense to wade through and a rich source of psuedo history for debunkers to feast upon, pretending to extend their claim to truth by turning over toys in a kindergarten class.Dan Brown has made the subject popular again by writing a book and making a film that tantilizes the minds of many people. He also gives the public a new level of nonsense to wade through and a rich source of psuedo history for debunkers to feast upon, pretending to extend their claim to truth by turning over toys in a kindergarten class.If you are going to claim to be a student of history, you must be objective and ready to accept what is there, not select what suits you. And if you want to answer the many very quesitonable claims of Chrisitanity and the claimed history of the faith, then you must be willing to question the premises. Once you do that, you will find that there is plenty to support doubt. Just knowing about the Catholic destruction of previous historic and relgious records along with anyone who opposed them, ought to clue the thinking person that something is up with tradtional Christian Western history on its face.If you are going to claim to be a student of history, you must be objective and ready to accept what is there, not select what suits you. And if you want to answer the many very quesitonable claims of Chrisitanity and the claimed history of the faith, then you must be willing to question the premises. Once you do that, you will find that there is plenty to support doubt. Just knowing about the Catholic destruction of previous historic and relgious records along with anyone who opposed them, ought to clue the thinking person that something is up with tradtional Christian Western history on its face.Dan Brown, and and to a greater extent, Leigh, Baigent and Lincoln have a lot more material than that planted and represented by Pierre Plantard. The discussion of the Biblical evidence itself is compelling without ever having Pierre Plantard at all. Why is there a large tradition of all people extant at the time that Simon of Cyrene was crucified, not Jesus? (Muslims claim this today and Christian Freemasons are aware of the source document- I have seen it myself). And if we really want to be factual about it, there never was a Jesus Christ in Judea. Paul created his church in Greece and the Hellenized region of Asia Minor. "Jesus Christ" is Greek. If there was a character that Jesus was based on his name would have been Josua ben Joseph and his brother "James" would be Jacob. If you dig in you will find no basis for a person named Jesus exists and the probability that the Jesus Christ character was only Paul's creation based on another person who was crucified as a rebel by the Romans and whose sect venerated his death as a memorial that became part of their sect of Judiasm.Dan Brown, and and to a greater extent, Leigh, Baigent and Lincoln have a lot more material than that planted and represented by Pierre Plantard. The discussion of the Biblical evidence itself is compelling without ever having Pierre Plantard at all. Why is there a large tradition of all people extant at the time that Simon of Cyrene was crucified, not Jesus? (Muslims claim this today and Christian Freemasons are aware of the source document- I have seen it myself). And if we really want to be factual about it, there never was a Jesus Christ in Judea. Paul created his church in Greece and the Hellenized region of Asia Minor. "Jesus Christ" is Greek. If there was a character that Jesus was based on his name would have been Josua ben Joseph and his brother "James" would be Jacob. If you dig in you will find no basis for a person named Jesus exists and the probability that the Jesus Christ character was only Paul's creation based on another person who was crucified as a rebel by the Romans and whose sect venerated his death as a memorial that became part of their sect of Judiasm.One book of found in the Dead Sea Scrolls is the Book of Enoch. Freemasons have owned a copy of it and it is tracable to at least 1717 when the Grand Lodge in London announced itself. How does a book that only became known to the public when the closely guarded srolls were finally made public in the 1990s, already exist among a society of brotherhood that can be traced to the Knights Templar? This is not myth, but a sample of factual connections one can make if they objectively study the quesitons, culling out the fluff and theory from fact for 20 years as I have. One book of found in the Dead Sea Scrolls is the Book of Enoch. Freemasons have owned a copy of it and it is tracable to at least 1717 when the Grand Lodge in London announced itself. How does a book that only became known to the public when the closely guarded srolls were finally made public in the 1990s, already exist among a society of brotherhood that can be traced to the Knights Templar? This is not myth, but a sample of factual connections one can make if they objectively study the quesitons, culling out the fluff and theory from fact for 20 years as I have. I didn't just read, I traveled. It takes a long time to verify or debunk a historical claim or theory. These people who study the subject for a year and then write a book amuse me, but very well. I completely enjoyed the film, The Da Vinci Code, even though I could not read the book, because I knew too much of the where he got his ideas from to read it. Leigh Teaging= Richard Leigh, Teabing = Michael Baigent, and the GM of the Priory named Sauniere. There is a code for begginers in the book, but I am no beginner. Still, I found the film enjoyable and I even thought the book is a good thing, because I am a bit like the Leigh Teabing character in the Da Vinci Code. I believe that a lie even to build a faith is a lie and overall, the worse will come from it. Histoy shows that to be true. Religions are built on lies made for the purpose of power and control over others. What we witness now in the world is more of that with more and worse to come. It is probably useless, but only when people can know the real truth and throw off the superstition and neurosis of religion, including and especially Christianity (but all others as well) will the human race have a chance to become something besides a mass of ants bent of self destruction.I didn't just read, I traveled. It takes a long time to verify or debunk a historical claim or theory. These people who study the subject for a year and then write a book amuse me, but very well. I completely enjoyed the film, The Da Vinci Code, even though I could not read the book, because I knew too much of the where he got his ideas from to read it. Leigh Teaging= Richard Leigh, Teabing = Michael Baigent, and the GM of the Priory named Sauniere. There is a code for begginers in the book, but I am no beginner. Still, I found the film enjoyable and I even thought the book is a good thing, because I am a bit like the Leigh Teabing character in the Da Vinci Code. I believe that a lie even to build a faith is a lie and overall, the worse will come from it. Histoy shows that to be true. Religions are built on lies made for the purpose of power and control over others. What we witness now in the world is more of that with more and worse to come. It is probably useless, but only when people can know the real truth and throw off the superstition and neurosis of religion, including and especially Christianity (but all others as well) will the human race have a chance to become something besides a mass of ants bent of self destruction.If there is any use for the historian, it must be to serve as a witness and a warning. How long will we repeat history? As long as we insist on institutionalizing lies and myth.If there is any use for the historian, it must be to serve as a witness and a warning. How long will we repeat history? As long as we insist on institutionalizing lies and myth.In the meantime, established Christian indluence and owned media produce airy debates quoting the Bible and it's own set of Biblical facts as ultimate fact because they haven't yet gone to the bottom of the scholarly bebate - and don't want to.
 I have loved this movie since I first it back in the early 1990's. In all honesty it is pretty crudy but that's what I love about it. The music is fantastic and the costumes are unique. Divine truly shines as he usually does in any roles he played in and Ricki Lake was perfect for the role. Link is pretty hunky too.....
 I never tire of this film. The acting,the marvelous filming locations, the costumes.... perfection. I can't watch it without wanting to have a cup of tea and a hot scone to accompany the viewing. In fact, I once stopped the video, baked scones, and continued to watch it while munching a freshly baked scone and a cuppa. Try it. I now own the DVD also
 I have no idea why I had never heard of this movie before because Ronin is a whale of a good film.  I can take or leave most action films, but give me a taut, intelligent, suspenseful thriller filled with great action, wicked twists, and some of the best car-chasing footage you'll ever see, and I'm happy.  Throw Jean Reno and the one and only Robert De Niro into the mix, as well, and I'm happier than any clam has a right to be.  Director John Frankenheimer obviously knows that action alone doesn't make for a good action film, and he also knows that the only way to make a high speed chase scene look authentic is to film a real high speed chase scene.I have no idea why I had never heard of this movie before because Ronin is a whale of a good film.  I can take or leave most action films, but give me a taut, intelligent, suspenseful thriller filled with great action, wicked twists, and some of the best car-chasing footage you'll ever see, and I'm happy.  Throw Jean Reno and the one and only Robert De Niro into the mix, as well, and I'm happier than any clam has a right to be.  Director John Frankenheimer obviously knows that action alone doesn't make for a good action film, and he also knows that the only way to make a high speed chase scene look authentic is to film a real high speed chase scene.The title is derived from the term for masterless Samurai of feudal Japan - warriors who failed their master and were left to wander in the shame of their failure.  In modern parlance (and in this movie), the term applies to special agents of various governments who find themselves quite on their own thanks to the end of the Cold War.  These men still put their skills to good use by selling their services to those willing to pay them for handling sensitive, usually dirty, jobs.  In this case, Sam (De Niro), Vincent (Reno), and three others are brought together in France by an Irish lass named Deirdre and charged with acquiring a metal case well-protected by its current carrier.  It sounds easy - ambush the target and his security force, snatch the case, exchange it for cash, and move on.  Naturally, the mission turns out to be extremely complicated, as a couple of powerful parties want whatever is in that case, and a certain individual proves less than trustworthy.  What's the world coming to when you can't even trust a selfish, independent-minded, well-trained gun-for-hire?  De Niro has to run over and shoot up half of France before everything gets resolved in this film.The title is derived from the term for masterless Samurai of feudal Japan - warriors who failed their master and were left to wander in the shame of their failure.  In modern parlance (and in this movie), the term applies to special agents of various governments who find themselves quite on their own thanks to the end of the Cold War.  These men still put their skills to good use by selling their services to those willing to pay them for handling sensitive, usually dirty, jobs.  In this case, Sam (De Niro), Vincent (Reno), and three others are brought together in France by an Irish lass named Deirdre and charged with acquiring a metal case well-protected by its current carrier.  It sounds easy - ambush the target and his security force, snatch the case, exchange it for cash, and move on.  Naturally, the mission turns out to be extremely complicated, as a couple of powerful parties want whatever is in that case, and a certain individual proves less than trustworthy.  What's the world coming to when you can't even trust a selfish, independent-minded, well-trained gun-for-hire?  De Niro has to run over and shoot up half of France before everything gets resolved in this film.The only problem I had with this movie came in the form of the thick accents of some of the characters, especially the Irish ones - you may want to use closed captioning at times to really understand everything that is said.  The actors themselves, though, were quite good, especially De Niro and Reno, who make a great team.  As for the mix of bad guys, how about three - count 'em, three - former adversaries of James Bond (Michael Lonsdale, Sean Bean, and Jonathan Pryce)?  Not only that, the script is worthy of all these fine actors.  The only problem I had with this movie came in the form of the thick accents of some of the characters, especially the Irish ones - you may want to use closed captioning at times to really understand everything that is said.  The actors themselves, though, were quite good, especially De Niro and Reno, who make a great team.  As for the mix of bad guys, how about three - count 'em, three - former adversaries of James Bond (Michael Lonsdale, Sean Bean, and Jonathan Pryce)?  Not only that, the script is worthy of all these fine actors.  As I've mentioned already, though, the chase scenes are really the most memorable aspect of this film.  Frankenheimer doesn't have any use for these fancy-schmancy new digital means for manufacturing this kind of action, instead treating the viewer to several good, old-fashioned thrill rides through the streets of Paris and its local environs.  Besides filming an incredible number of scenes live, he also chose to forego the accompaniment of a musical score in these situations, letting the revving engines, squealing brakes, and numerous crashes and explosions present the action as authentically as possible.  They had to have had an incredible number of stunt drivers and stunt men involved, as folks were constantly crashing or jumping out of the path of oncoming cars - not to mention the extended high speed chase down one-way streets into busy oncoming traffic.  I'm telling you - these chase scenes are flat-out impressive.  As I've mentioned already, though, the chase scenes are really the most memorable aspect of this film.  Frankenheimer doesn't have any use for these fancy-schmancy new digital means for manufacturing this kind of action, instead treating the viewer to several good, old-fashioned thrill rides through the streets of Paris and its local environs.  Besides filming an incredible number of scenes live, he also chose to forego the accompaniment of a musical score in these situations, letting the revving engines, squealing brakes, and numerous crashes and explosions present the action as authentically as possible.  They had to have had an incredible number of stunt drivers and stunt men involved, as folks were constantly crashing or jumping out of the path of oncoming cars - not to mention the extended high speed chase down one-way streets into busy oncoming traffic.  I'm telling you - these chase scenes are flat-out impressive.  Obviously, I think Ronin has it all.  Without De Niro, it still would have been a fantastic film; with him, it's a must-see in my book
 "The Bells of St. Mary's" was a shrewd move by Paramount Studios and director Leo McCarey, whose successful prequel film about the likable and practical Catholic priest Father O'Malley, "Going My Way", spawned the 1945 release, which included an additional element that provided the basis for an interesting psychological conflict.  Irish Catholic McCarey was impressed by letters he received from movie fans who enjoyed "Going My Way" and suggested that he do a similar film showcasing the role that nuns played in the Catholic world inhabited by Father O'Malley."The Bells of St. Mary's" was a shrewd move by Paramount Studios and director Leo McCarey, whose successful prequel film about the likable and practical Catholic priest Father O'Malley, "Going My Way", spawned the 1945 release, which included an additional element that provided the basis for an interesting psychological conflict.  Irish Catholic McCarey was impressed by letters he received from movie fans who enjoyed "Going My Way" and suggested that he do a similar film showcasing the role that nuns played in the Catholic world inhabited by Father O'Malley.Bing Crosby had garnered a Best Actor Oscar for "Going My Way" and McCarey secured the services of the beautiful Ingrid Bergman to play Sister Benedict, the Mother Superior of St. Mary's School.  Crosby found himself immediately clashing with Bergman on certain points relating to the parish, but through it all a mutual respect existed between them.  Each realized that the other was committed to the best interests of St. Mary's.Bing Crosby had garnered a Best Actor Oscar for "Going My Way" and McCarey secured the services of the beautiful Ingrid Bergman to play Sister Benedict, the Mother Superior of St. Mary's School.  Crosby found himself immediately clashing with Bergman on certain points relating to the parish, but through it all a mutual respect existed between them.  Each realized that the other was committed to the best interests of St. Mary's.Dudley Nichols, a Best Original Screenplay Academy Award winner a decade earlier for the John Ford film about the Irish political conflict starring Victor McLaglen, "The Informer", directed his effort in the script toward presenting Crosby and Bergman in periodic conflict, but learning from those experiences.  Much of the contrast, they realize, stems from the way that men and women view situations.  One phase of the film showing this difference is when Bergman teaches a young student who has been victimized by a bully how to box as a means of restoring order.  She feels a tinge of guilt since the youngster's failure to fight back and receipt of a beating in the process stemmed from his obedience to her stricture against fighting at St. Mary's.  Dudley Nichols, a Best Original Screenplay Academy Award winner a decade earlier for the John Ford film about the Irish political conflict starring Victor McLaglen, "The Informer", directed his effort in the script toward presenting Crosby and Bergman in periodic conflict, but learning from those experiences.  Much of the contrast, they realize, stems from the way that men and women view situations.  One phase of the film showing this difference is when Bergman teaches a young student who has been victimized by a bully how to box as a means of restoring order.  She feels a tinge of guilt since the youngster's failure to fight back and receipt of a beating in the process stemmed from his obedience to her stricture against fighting at St. Mary's.  When Crosby pursues a conventional macho posture in extolling the need for protecting oneself and praises the fighting skills of the bully, the nun has had enough.  She purchases a boxing instructional book written by former heavyweight champion Gene Tunney and adeptly instructs the obedient youngster in the manly art of self-defense as he ultimately teaches the bully a lesson.  Crosby recognizes her teaching skill and becomes cognizant of the strength of her feminine viewpoint.When Crosby pursues a conventional macho posture in extolling the need for protecting oneself and praises the fighting skills of the bully, the nun has had enough.  She purchases a boxing instructional book written by former heavyweight champion Gene Tunney and adeptly instructs the obedient youngster in the manly art of self-defense as he ultimately teaches the bully a lesson.  Crosby recognizes her teaching skill and becomes cognizant of the strength of her feminine viewpoint.An area where Crosby and Bergman cooperate is in seeking the answer to the nun's fervent prayer.  She believes that of the mortgage holder of their property, Henry Travers, who has built a modern building next door and seeks to use the church property for an employee parking lot, may through prayer and proper persuasion be convinced to give them his modern structure.  The result would be a new school and no further need to use the tired current facility.An area where Crosby and Bergman cooperate is in seeking the answer to the nun's fervent prayer.  She believes that of the mortgage holder of their property, Henry Travers, who has built a modern building next door and seeks to use the church property for an employee parking lot, may through prayer and proper persuasion be convinced to give them his modern structure.  The result would be a new school and no further need to use the tired current facility.The effectiveness of Crosby and Bergman stems from their soft sell technique with just the right pinch of Christian charitable thought thrown into the mix.  Travers, who cannot sleep nights and experiences heart problems, confides to the priest and nun separately that he wishes he was better liked.  The effectiveness of Crosby and Bergman stems from their soft sell technique with just the right pinch of Christian charitable thought thrown into the mix.  Travers, who cannot sleep nights and experiences heart problems, confides to the priest and nun separately that he wishes he was better liked.  Their soft sell approach in advancing the "It is more blessed to give than to receive" precept along with the accompanying feel good element of charity prompts Travers to see things in a light more favorable to the interests of St. Mary's.Their soft sell approach in advancing the "It is more blessed to give than to receive" precept along with the accompanying feel good element of charity prompts Travers to see things in a light more favorable to the interests of St. Mary's.Crosby and Bergman are delights to behold in this feel good film.  They provide challenges to each other through disagreement and an effective front when they team up on the issue of greatest importance to them, the welfare of St. Mary's parish.
 I really did; i would watch it almost everyday! It was my favorite movie back then! I held this tradition until... (sob)... my mom threw away our copy! I don't CARE if the tape was old! I still wanna see it! (I'm gonna buy it on DVD soon! ^_^) Fluke is a great movie the whole family can enjoy. It's an original story that should make you cry. It even has a pretty funny ending! I can't wait to see this movie again... anyway, this movie is about a man who dies in a car-crash and gets reincarnated as a dog--I know a lot of peeps out there that don't believe in reincarnation but just remember, this is fiction--anyway, as he grows older, he wants to see his wife and kid even more. He decides to find them. He one day sees them in a parking lot (and can't remember what they did, the last time I saw this movie was a couple years ago) and he ran up to the car window and scared his wife. She told him to shoo and after a while he got off the car and watched them drive away (i think). I sadly can't remember what happened after that but I know he goes to his house and his son asks if they can keep him for a pet. The mother agrees, reluctantly. I dont remember a lot of the rest but i know he meets another guy that was reincarnated as a dog and they become friends...and...uh...NO! I NEED TO WATCH THE MOVIE AGAIN!!! I just bought the book, so after I read the book, I plan to watch the movie. BWA HA HA~~!!! Anyway, it's a fun-filled movie. Watch it
 the guy shirtless, tied up, abs muscles so vulnerables to let the punisher to TORTURE this guy until he cant almost breath and cry for mercy...just an upper stomach being beaten to make this guy suffer a pain he will never forget..
 The story line was very moving. Anthony Hopkins and Morgan Freeman are always fantastic in any movie they do. It is well worth the price and well worth the time to watch
 How many times have you watched an exercise video hosted by a bouncy, perky blonde with a plastic smile making you feel like a fat, lazy slob? Or maybe it was an arrogant Hollywood trainer with that "fitter than thou" sneer... these instructors just don't seem like real people with real lives outside the gym, do they?How many times have you watched an exercise video hosted by a bouncy, perky blonde with a plastic smile making you feel like a fat, lazy slob? Or maybe it was an arrogant Hollywood trainer with that "fitter than thou" sneer... these instructors just don't seem like real people with real lives outside the gym, do they?Well, Ana Caban is different. She has a warm, relaxed presence with grace borne of years of ballet. She explains the moves thoroughly without talking down to the viewer, and she gives the impression that she does Pilates because she likes the results - not because she is an obsessive-compulsive exercise fanatic. The exercises are geared toward the beginner, yet offer enough of a challenge to keep you busy for a while. When you've mastered the beginner workout, she also leads an intermediate workout which offers greater challenges, but the familiarity of Ana's friendly demeanor.Well, Ana Caban is different. She has a warm, relaxed presence with grace borne of years of ballet. She explains the moves thoroughly without talking down to the viewer, and she gives the impression that she does Pilates because she likes the results - not because she is an obsessive-compulsive exercise fanatic. The exercises are geared toward the beginner, yet offer enough of a challenge to keep you busy for a while. When you've mastered the beginner workout, she also leads an intermediate workout which offers greater challenges, but the familiarity of Ana's friendly demeanor.I have a hard time making myself exercise, but when it comes to buckling down and choosing something to do for myself, this is the DVD I pop in the machine. I've purchased several exercise tapes and DVD's over the years, but this one has definitely seen the most use
 Witch Hunter Robin is a great series which I enjoyed immensely but fails at delivering some of its finer qualities throughout the course of the series. The visuals are first rate, the music (when there is music) is beautiful, and the storyline is intriguing. Witch Hunter Robin is a great series which I enjoyed immensely but fails at delivering some of its finer qualities throughout the course of the series. The visuals are first rate, the music (when there is music) is beautiful, and the storyline is intriguing. Silence and extended stares cloak the characters in mystery... so what's the problem? That same cloak covers the series in what could potentially be a series of yawns.Silence and extended stares cloak the characters in mystery... so what's the problem? That same cloak covers the series in what could potentially be a series of yawns.One of the major problems with Witch Hunter Robin is the pace. Many serious animes either take themselves too seriously or not seriously enough... WHR takes itself much too seriously. Surely the story and visuals are worth it but for some reason there are long, tiring sequences during the course of the series which are supposed to be "meaningful." One of the major problems with Witch Hunter Robin is the pace. Many serious animes either take themselves too seriously or not seriously enough... WHR takes itself much too seriously. Surely the story and visuals are worth it but for some reason there are long, tiring sequences during the course of the series which are supposed to be "meaningful." They are I suppose in retrospect (one will notice this once they watch the final episodes of WHR), but the events in the series do not warrant such extended periods of self reflection on the part of the main character(s). The psychological and philosophical themes present are obvious toward the end of the series, and where they are not, the intelligent viewer can pretty much guess at them.They are I suppose in retrospect (one will notice this once they watch the final episodes of WHR), but the events in the series do not warrant such extended periods of self reflection on the part of the main character(s). The psychological and philosophical themes present are obvious toward the end of the series, and where they are not, the intelligent viewer can pretty much guess at them.I realize that this exhausted review of WHR seems to only be about the tiresome pace at which the series progresses, but it's an important factor as it leaves many to simply drop the series half way before ever seeing the later episodes (the best episodes in my opinion).I realize that this exhausted review of WHR seems to only be about the tiresome pace at which the series progresses, but it's an important factor as it leaves many to simply drop the series half way before ever seeing the later episodes (the best episodes in my opinion).A second problem is also the fact that there are a number of "witch capturing" which take place during the series that seem... well, silly. The beginning of the series is all about these capturing - surely after seeing the last couple of episodes the viewer begins to understand how this ties into rounding out the characters but during the course of the series this might just bore you to tears especially if a number of episodes feature witch/enemies that simply don't interest you (which they may not, the creativity and design behind many of them is poor to say the least).A second problem is also the fact that there are a number of "witch capturing" which take place during the series that seem... well, silly. The beginning of the series is all about these capturing - surely after seeing the last couple of episodes the viewer begins to understand how this ties into rounding out the characters but during the course of the series this might just bore you to tears especially if a number of episodes feature witch/enemies that simply don't interest you (which they may not, the creativity and design behind many of them is poor to say the least).In the end the series is about the characters, story, and visuals not the enemies which frequently populated much of the series - if you find yourself hooked on the main characters and their back-stories when they are introduced in the beginning of the series then you might like the whole thing.In the end the series is about the characters, story, and visuals not the enemies which frequently populated much of the series - if you find yourself hooked on the main characters and their back-stories when they are introduced in the beginning of the series then you might like the whole thing.Lastly as for reviewers that were expecting something "scary," most of the shows on Adult Swim are for adults and the anime shows featured on Adult Swim are geared toward those typically interested in other things beside quick thrills (needless to say those watching the series probably aren't into it because the name of the series is "Witch Hunter," they are instead - hopefully - looking for a high quality, cohesive action/drama anime). This is not for individuals wanting to watch an action anime however... it's more of a beautiful drama. Younger anime viewers are not bound to like this one at all!!!Lastly as for reviewers that were expecting something "scary," most of the shows on Adult Swim are for adults and the anime shows featured on Adult Swim are geared toward those typically interested in other things beside quick thrills (needless to say those watching the series probably aren't into it because the name of the series is "Witch Hunter," they are instead - hopefully - looking for a high quality, cohesive action/drama anime). This is not for individuals wanting to watch an action anime however... it's more of a beautiful drama. Younger anime viewers are not bound to like this one at all!!!I'd give it a try first renting it before you go out and spend money on it!
 Season 1 of "Millennium" featured fantastic performances from its cast and a dark atmosphere that made "The X-Files" look sunny by comparison. Unfortunately much of that year ended up as little more than a "murder mystery of the week" fare. Thankfully the second season, supervised by former "X-Files" producers Glen Morgan and James Wong, changed all that. The second season began with the suspenseful 'Beginning and the End', where Frank Black pursues the mysterious Polaroid Man who kidnapped his wife. This episode also introduces the comic relief for Season Two, computer hacker Brian Roedecker.Season 1 of "Millennium" featured fantastic performances from its cast and a dark atmosphere that made "The X-Files" look sunny by comparison. Unfortunately much of that year ended up as little more than a "murder mystery of the week" fare. Thankfully the second season, supervised by former "X-Files" producers Glen Morgan and James Wong, changed all that. The second season began with the suspenseful 'Beginning and the End', where Frank Black pursues the mysterious Polaroid Man who kidnapped his wife. This episode also introduces the comic relief for Season Two, computer hacker Brian Roedecker.Even though 'The Beginnning And the End' would fit perfectly in Season 1, the subsequent episodes follow a different path that greatly improved the series. Starting with the second episode, 'Beware of the Dog', and continuing with episodes such as 'The Hand of St. Sebastian', 'Owls', 'Roosters', and the haunting two-part season finale 'The Fourth Horseman/The Time Is Now', we find out that the Millennium Group has existed since the beginnings of Christianity and isn't nearly as altruistic as Frank Black (and the viewers) originally suspected.Even though 'The Beginnning And the End' would fit perfectly in Season 1, the subsequent episodes follow a different path that greatly improved the series. Starting with the second episode, 'Beware of the Dog', and continuing with episodes such as 'The Hand of St. Sebastian', 'Owls', 'Roosters', and the haunting two-part season finale 'The Fourth Horseman/The Time Is Now', we find out that the Millennium Group has existed since the beginnings of Christianity and isn't nearly as altruistic as Frank Black (and the viewers) originally suspected.In addition to the Millennium Group storyline, we also learn more about Frank's childhood via two holiday episodes: 'The Curse of Frank Black', a Halloween-themed tale where Frank encounters the ghost of a neighbor who committed suicide, and 'Midnight of the Century', an emotional story of Frank trying to mend the relationship between him and his father. In the latter we find out that Frank was not the only one with a strange gift, as his mother was blessed/cursed with the ability to see angels. Lastly the second season even showcased two comedy episodes: 'Jose Chung's DOOMSDAY DEFENSE' and 'Somehow Satan Got Behind Me'. These hours of television are completely different from the average "Millennium" episode (to say the least) but they're still worth a look nonetheless.I could continue rambling on and on about the greatness of Season Two, but you'll really have to buy the DVD set and form your own opinions. The DVD set does come with some bonus features, but the only one of worth is the Season Two documentary "Turning of the Tide". The rest of the bonus materials are second-rate at best
 One of the most maligned movies of 2004 is...not that bad. In a fine example of how critics and Hollywood gang up on a movie before anybody has seen it, Oliver Stone delivers an epic take on the life of Alexander the Great. Not up to par with the great Hollywood epics, but not as bad as the critical cheap shots may lead you to believe.One of the most maligned movies of 2004 is...not that bad. In a fine example of how critics and Hollywood gang up on a movie before anybody has seen it, Oliver Stone delivers an epic take on the life of Alexander the Great. Not up to par with the great Hollywood epics, but not as bad as the critical cheap shots may lead you to believe.The incredible life of Alexander the Great is epic movie material if I've ever seen any. His rise to ruler of The World by his mid twenties is chronicled here (with noticeable gaps in the timeline). His personal life is just as fascinating as his public one. His decidedly odd family life (as depicted by Stone, anyway) and his lovers (both male and female) are just as integral to the story as his military victories. Perhaps, the ultimate momma's boy just wanted to be loved.The incredible life of Alexander the Great is epic movie material if I've ever seen any. His rise to ruler of The World by his mid twenties is chronicled here (with noticeable gaps in the timeline). His personal life is just as fascinating as his public one. His decidedly odd family life (as depicted by Stone, anyway) and his lovers (both male and female) are just as integral to the story as his military victories. Perhaps, the ultimate momma's boy just wanted to be loved.Alexander is a workable and sometimes fascinating historical epic. It certainly doesn't deserve the drubbing it got in the press. Wonderful cinematography and a fascinating subject are undermined by uneven performances and some poor storytelling decisions, but there's a lot to like. I'll take my history this way instead of as an over sentimentalized bit of claptrap like The Patriot or Pearl Harbor any day. Forget the buzz and check it out. Rent it. If, like me, you find much to enjoy there are plenty of copies on any used DVD rack. Give it a chance and make the decision for yourself. My bet is you'll find a lot to appreciate.
 This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the filmThis review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film"Harakiri" known in Japan as "Seppuku" is the story of a samurai who has lost his job with his clan having broken up. He then asks a feudal lord permission to commit hara-kiri on his property. "Harakiri" known in Japan as "Seppuku" is the story of a samurai who has lost his job with his clan having broken up. He then asks a feudal lord permission to commit hara-kiri on his property. That is all I want to say about the plot but it does get interesting.That is all I want to say about the plot but it does get interesting.The double disc set has some nice bonus features too.The double disc set has some nice bonus features too.Disc one contains the film with a theatrical trailer and an intruduction by Donald Richie. Disc two has a poster gallery and interviews with director Masaki Kobayashi, actor Tatsuya Nakadai, and writer Shinobu Hashimoto.Disc one contains the film with a theatrical trailer and an intruduction by Donald Richie. Disc two has a poster gallery and interviews with director Masaki Kobayashi, actor Tatsuya Nakadai, and writer Shinobu Hashimoto.Fans of classic Japanese films will not want to miss this
 This movie is going to bring you down.  That's a fact.  But it's hard to deny this movie all the praise it deserves.This movie is going to bring you down.  That's a fact.  But it's hard to deny this movie all the praise it deserves.A classic tale about men who served in one of the most treacherous environments ever known to man.  It's also hard not to come out of this without a lot of respect for the germans who served in the U Boat service
 Seriously! At the end of Fat Eliminator Minna says "do this program on a regular basis and watch your body change". It's true. I have been doing this DVD and only this DVD for about a month now - 3 days a week is Fat Eliminator and 2 days is Strength and Grace and my body is firm! I have abs now, biceps and definition in my thighs and buns. Extra flab is gone. This is a fantastic workout combination. FE is tough, particularly the first three cardio circuits. Those plyo jumping jacks are killer. Once I get through that third cardio circuit though I feel like I've already had a good workout and I'm only halfway through! I work up a sweat - I can't even answer the phone because I couldn't talk even if I wanted to. It's definitely focused on your lower body with lots of jumping and plyo and core work but the circuits are quick and they really do go by quickly. The workout is also fantastic in that just when you feel like you can't do one more plyo lunge, she changes the pace to something more less impact. The 15 minute Blast The Fat toning section I always add onto the cardio days. It's nice, quick and effective and in one hour while my son is napping I get in a total body workout.Seriously! At the end of Fat Eliminator Minna says "do this program on a regular basis and watch your body change". It's true. I have been doing this DVD and only this DVD for about a month now - 3 days a week is Fat Eliminator and 2 days is Strength and Grace and my body is firm! I have abs now, biceps and definition in my thighs and buns. Extra flab is gone. This is a fantastic workout combination. FE is tough, particularly the first three cardio circuits. Those plyo jumping jacks are killer. Once I get through that third cardio circuit though I feel like I've already had a good workout and I'm only halfway through! I work up a sweat - I can't even answer the phone because I couldn't talk even if I wanted to. It's definitely focused on your lower body with lots of jumping and plyo and core work but the circuits are quick and they really do go by quickly. The workout is also fantastic in that just when you feel like you can't do one more plyo lunge, she changes the pace to something more less impact. The 15 minute Blast The Fat toning section I always add onto the cardio days. It's nice, quick and effective and in one hour while my son is napping I get in a total body workout.I also LOVE the Strength and Grace segment. I enjoy alternating my days with this. It's a perfect combination of relaxing and energizing and I still work hard, just without all the jumping around. My heart rate does get up there and again you do a lot of leg work for those nice glutes and thighs. I also LOVE the Strength and Grace segment. I enjoy alternating my days with this. It's a perfect combination of relaxing and energizing and I still work hard, just without all the jumping around. My heart rate does get up there and again you do a lot of leg work for those nice glutes and thighs. Minna is a beautiful woman and I appreciate her demeanor and her physique. There is just something about her that is completely likable. Overall, I am extremely impressed with these workouts - the results I have seen will defintely make me continue these workouts
 The Movie: One of the boldest and most interesting films of the early 90's, and one that deserved far more acclaim and attention than it ultimately recieved, this is a smartly written and beautifully acted film that should be seen by any cinemaphile with an open mind. And despite the whining from some, usually hardline Christian, corners, it's not anti-christian at all. What it is is simply great, imaginative and clever film making, and a superbly done character piece centered around a magnificent performance from Mimi Rogers, ably supported by the likes of David Duchovny, Will Patton and Patrick Bauchau. The Movie: One of the boldest and most interesting films of the early 90's, and one that deserved far more acclaim and attention than it ultimately recieved, this is a smartly written and beautifully acted film that should be seen by any cinemaphile with an open mind. And despite the whining from some, usually hardline Christian, corners, it's not anti-christian at all. What it is is simply great, imaginative and clever film making, and a superbly done character piece centered around a magnificent performance from Mimi Rogers, ably supported by the likes of David Duchovny, Will Patton and Patrick Bauchau. I'm not going to go into it too deeply simply because it's one of those films that should be seen and experienced with as little up front knowledge as possible. I'm not going to go into it too deeply simply because it's one of those films that should be seen and experienced with as little up front knowledge as possible. (Please note that I'm not attacking Christians or Christianity above, just a small, but, as usual, vocal closed minded minority that always gets up in arms about any film that dares tackle any such subject with any degree of honesty instead of going down the traditional biblical fawning path. People who will instantly hate a film like this just "on principle" and then proclaim to all that they should avoid "such trash". You know exactly the kind of people I'm talking about. They're a minority, they just happen to be a very vocal and closed minded one. And none of that has anything to do with their christianity as much as it has to do with their absolute closed mindedness and their fear of anything that dares stray from a certain comfortable path.)(Please note that I'm not attacking Christians or Christianity above, just a small, but, as usual, vocal closed minded minority that always gets up in arms about any film that dares tackle any such subject with any degree of honesty instead of going down the traditional biblical fawning path. People who will instantly hate a film like this just "on principle" and then proclaim to all that they should avoid "such trash". You know exactly the kind of people I'm talking about. They're a minority, they just happen to be a very vocal and closed minded one. And none of that has anything to do with their christianity as much as it has to do with their absolute closed mindedness and their fear of anything that dares stray from a certain comfortable path.)The DVD: The good news, this film is finally on dvd, and with a pretty decent audio commetary to boot. The bad news, the movie has been badly misframed, which is something that becomes obvious in a couple of key scenes especially. I'm not sure whether this was done as a form of censorship (as the misframing of one scene does effectively nullify a sequence of any real nudity that it once had) or whether it was just a botched transfer, but it is clearly misframed regardless as I saw this film twice on it's theatrical run and the framing is different now than it was then. Plus the misframing is quite obvious anyway, and on the audio commentary you can even hear remarks about the film pertaining to parts of the print that are no longer visible due to said misframing (so clearly they were watching the film in it's proper framing). The DVD: The good news, this film is finally on dvd, and with a pretty decent audio commetary to boot. The bad news, the movie has been badly misframed, which is something that becomes obvious in a couple of key scenes especially. I'm not sure whether this was done as a form of censorship (as the misframing of one scene does effectively nullify a sequence of any real nudity that it once had) or whether it was just a botched transfer, but it is clearly misframed regardless as I saw this film twice on it's theatrical run and the framing is different now than it was then. Plus the misframing is quite obvious anyway, and on the audio commentary you can even hear remarks about the film pertaining to parts of the print that are no longer visible due to said misframing (so clearly they were watching the film in it's proper framing). Unfortunately this doesn't appear to be available anywhere else on dvd, so if you want the film on dvd right now this is your only option, just be aware going in, and hope for a better release somewhere down the track. Apart from the framing issue the sound and audio quality are perfectly fine, and the only other notable extra is the film's trailer.Unfortunately this doesn't appear to be available anywhere else on dvd, so if you want the film on dvd right now this is your only option, just be aware going in, and hope for a better release somewhere down the track. Apart from the framing issue the sound and audio quality are perfectly fine, and the only other notable extra is the film's trailer.The bottom line: A really good, bold, interesting film on a disappointing and variable quality dvd.   The bottom line: A really good, bold, interesting film on a disappointing and variable quality dvd.   Mr J
 There are many reviews here and I believe in their own way they all are right about this film to some degree.  My main recommendation is to be sure to watch it more than once.  If you do, it will begin to open up new vistas for you about this movie and the period in which it takes place.  Daniel Day-Lewis once again makes this film.  You feel his intense pain once he unfortunately falls in love with the "wrong woman" (Pfeiffer) after being engaged to the "right woman" (Ryder).  He is a true gentleman in every sense of the word and you mourn for him throughout this film.  Due to circumstances beyond his control, he is thrown together with the wrong woman at the very time he has been pushing to move the date up for his marriage to the right woman. There is a palpable, underlying  eroticism and sensuality that is very well developed by Day-Lewis and Pfeiffer even though they never really have an affair.  There are many reviews here and I believe in their own way they all are right about this film to some degree.  My main recommendation is to be sure to watch it more than once.  If you do, it will begin to open up new vistas for you about this movie and the period in which it takes place.  Daniel Day-Lewis once again makes this film.  You feel his intense pain once he unfortunately falls in love with the "wrong woman" (Pfeiffer) after being engaged to the "right woman" (Ryder).  He is a true gentleman in every sense of the word and you mourn for him throughout this film.  Due to circumstances beyond his control, he is thrown together with the wrong woman at the very time he has been pushing to move the date up for his marriage to the right woman. There is a palpable, underlying  eroticism and sensuality that is very well developed by Day-Lewis and Pfeiffer even though they never really have an affair.  After I had watched this film one time, (primarily due to Day-Lewis)I had decided to give it away.  I left it alone for about 2 weeks and then watched it again.  Since then I have watched it several times and I enjoy it more and more with each viewing.  My only real complaint; I hate the blond hair they gave Pfeiffer.  It's just all wrong for her. Nevertheless, she is so beautiful.  Take the time to watch this at least two times.  If you do, I think you'll find it's a keeper
 After the original, Herbert West ( Jeffery Combs) and Dan Cain (Bruce Abbot)have returned from medical miltary duty in South America as they return back home as they have perfected their re-agent formula to continue experimentint. But Herbert however gets an idea to collect body parts especially the heart of Cain's old girlfriend "Meg" to create the perfect re-animated woman, however Dr. Carl Hill (David Gale) has been re-animated back to life by accident as he still has powers to control zombies and want revenge for what West did to him.After the original, Herbert West ( Jeffery Combs) and Dan Cain (Bruce Abbot)have returned from medical miltary duty in South America as they return back home as they have perfected their re-agent formula to continue experimentint. But Herbert however gets an idea to collect body parts especially the heart of Cain's old girlfriend "Meg" to create the perfect re-animated woman, however Dr. Carl Hill (David Gale) has been re-animated back to life by accident as he still has powers to control zombies and want revenge for what West did to him.Not as great as the 1985 cult horror comedy masterpiece "Re-Animator" but really enjoyable! the acting is kind of average but there's nice splatter in this movie including a variety of odd re-animated critters like a finger creature with a human eye attached done by Screaming Mad George, David Allen (Puppet Master, Q The Winged Serpant and Young Sherlock Holmes). Like the original movie this has dark humor to propell along with gruesomeness, all in all is that it's not a bad follow-up but still worth watching.Not as great as the 1985 cult horror comedy masterpiece "Re-Animator" but really enjoyable! the acting is kind of average but there's nice splatter in this movie including a variety of odd re-animated critters like a finger creature with a human eye attached done by Screaming Mad George, David Allen (Puppet Master, Q The Winged Serpant and Young Sherlock Holmes). Like the original movie this has dark humor to propell along with gruesomeness, all in all is that it's not a bad follow-up but still worth watching.This DVD is pratically bareboned with a alright transfer with no trailer! but that's ok, if you enjoyed the original then you'll probably like this one as well
 This show really is a love it or hate it kinda deal. From the first time it aired in the summer of 2005 on comedy central up until now i've been a huge fan of the series. I was so sad to hear it'd been cancelled but I wasn't surprised. It was one of the shows I loved and planned my night around when new episodes were going to air. Now that the DVDs are out I can relive these 13 fleeting moments in TV that are, to me, some of the funniest things I've ever seen. Apart from the hilarious, oddball performances from Michael Michael and David the series was packed with guest stars including Edward Norton, Paul Rudd, and a whole lot more. Really, anyone that is a fan of comedy ala Strangers with Candy will find this funny. It has a similar nonsensical insanity that leaves you laughing til it hurts. This show really is a love it or hate it kinda deal. From the first time it aired in the summer of 2005 on comedy central up until now i've been a huge fan of the series. I was so sad to hear it'd been cancelled but I wasn't surprised. It was one of the shows I loved and planned my night around when new episodes were going to air. Now that the DVDs are out I can relive these 13 fleeting moments in TV that are, to me, some of the funniest things I've ever seen. Apart from the hilarious, oddball performances from Michael Michael and David the series was packed with guest stars including Edward Norton, Paul Rudd, and a whole lot more. Really, anyone that is a fan of comedy ala Strangers with Candy will find this funny. It has a similar nonsensical insanity that leaves you laughing til it hurts. Favorite episodes include:CampaignPaper RouteCoffee ShopNovelMeeting GirlsandVegetablesVegetablesThe extras on the DVD are really top notch including commentary tracks for every episode, a lengthy and interesting "History of Stella" and much more. The commentaries are just about as funny as the episodes as the three creators continue to riff on each other, giving some insight into the creation process, while remaining pretty well aware their show met with sub-par ratings. They take it all in stride and aren't too proud to poke fun at themselves. I think if this show had been on comedy central around the time Strangers with Candy was on it would have been given atleast three seasons. It's a shame. Definitely worth getting, turning off your phone, and spending a whole night plowing through the whole season. "And when I say plow that's a pun!
 Excellent series.  The court room scene is hilarious.  I am curious to know if anyone else has noted the subtle anti Americanism of this series (I refer to the portrayal of the American guest) as well as in Upstairs Downstairs?  In both series, as in other British TV dramas, Americans are portrayed as crude and materialistic.  What about the Henry James/Edith Wharton type aristocrats who toured England in the 19th century?  Mr. Hawksworth and others seem to have forgotten them. Excellent series.  The court room scene is hilarious.  I am curious to know if anyone else has noted the subtle anti Americanism of this series (I refer to the portrayal of the American guest) as well as in Upstairs Downstairs?  In both series, as in other British TV dramas, Americans are portrayed as crude and materialistic.  What about the Henry James/Edith Wharton type aristocrats who toured England in the 19th century?  Mr. Hawksworth and others seem to have forgotten them. When will series 2 be released
 If you're a fan of vampires, werewolves, action, or gothic suspense, this is probably a movie you'd be interested in checking out. While it's not a groundbreaking film, it's a highly entertaining one, and one that, for me, is something I can rewatch several times per year.If you're a fan of vampires, werewolves, action, or gothic suspense, this is probably a movie you'd be interested in checking out. While it's not a groundbreaking film, it's a highly entertaining one, and one that, for me, is something I can rewatch several times per year.The filming is very attractive. Everything is dark, yet not so dark you can't see what's going on. The movie has a gothic look to it - from the sets, to the costumes, to the lighting. (Please don't mistake the meaning of gothic in terms of entertainment as the same thing as the gothic lifestyle.) The music, mostly heavy rock, fits in well with the movie. And the action sequences are expertly shot and exciting to watch. The movie uses several techniques made popular by "The Matrix", but who cares? It works perfectly within this movie.The filming is very attractive. Everything is dark, yet not so dark you can't see what's going on. The movie has a gothic look to it - from the sets, to the costumes, to the lighting. (Please don't mistake the meaning of gothic in terms of entertainment as the same thing as the gothic lifestyle.) The music, mostly heavy rock, fits in well with the movie. And the action sequences are expertly shot and exciting to watch. The movie uses several techniques made popular by "The Matrix", but who cares? It works perfectly within this movie.The only downfall of the movie is the complete lack of humor...there's not a single joke in the entire thing! Everything is so serious and dark that unless you're in a pretty good mood the movie could really bring you down...that's how heavy it is.The only downfall of the movie is the complete lack of humor...there's not a single joke in the entire thing! Everything is so serious and dark that unless you're in a pretty good mood the movie could really bring you down...that's how heavy it is.As for the set. The added scenes provide more insight, and the special features are a treat, especially the 45-minute documentary "Fang vs. Fiction", which talks about vampires and werewolves. It was very intriguing.As for the set. The added scenes provide more insight, and the special features are a treat, especially the 45-minute documentary "Fang vs. Fiction", which talks about vampires and werewolves. It was very intriguing.If you're a fan of this movie and you own the DVD already, I would recommend selling it and buying this version, it's worth the money
 This is the best animal movie I have ever seen..from a child's point of view. This has been our daughter's favorite movie for the last one year or so (she's 3 now) and after watching it almost every day (sometimes several times a day) she still enjoys it as much! We're surprised that even we are not tired of it. The animals are fun to watch, the story is interesting and the music is great. We've bought several other animal movies for our daughter and this surpasses all of them. The production is superb, the animals did a great job and it all seems so real.  A must-by for everyone who has small kids
 As I understand it, "Police Squad" was one of the most requested titles for release on DVD.  It's taken a while for it to happen, but it finally has!  It's great to be able to replace my VHS tape that I recorded the shows on almost 20 years ago during a "Police Squad" marathon.  Having now watched the DVD, I now know that for almost 20 years, I've been watching heavily edited versions of the show.  But not anymore!  As I understand it, "Police Squad" was one of the most requested titles for release on DVD.  It's taken a while for it to happen, but it finally has!  It's great to be able to replace my VHS tape that I recorded the shows on almost 20 years ago during a "Police Squad" marathon.  Having now watched the DVD, I now know that for almost 20 years, I've been watching heavily edited versions of the show.  But not anymore!  Other reviewers have described the episodes, so I won't waste time doing that.  Suffice it to say, the show was ahead of its time as it really didn't become popular until it was made into the first Naked Gun movie 6 years later (and had two subsequent hit sequels).  But I was one of the few who knew in 1982 that it was a clsassic.  I always wondered why the show never worked on TV, but Leslie Nielsen probably explains it best in his interview that is included on the DVD.  He says that you actually had to pay attention and most TV is meant to be watched almost passively while doing something else.  And I think he's right.Other reviewers have described the episodes, so I won't waste time doing that.  Suffice it to say, the show was ahead of its time as it really didn't become popular until it was made into the first Naked Gun movie 6 years later (and had two subsequent hit sequels).  But I was one of the few who knew in 1982 that it was a clsassic.  I always wondered why the show never worked on TV, but Leslie Nielsen probably explains it best in his interview that is included on the DVD.  He says that you actually had to pay attention and most TV is meant to be watched almost passively while doing something else.  And I think he's right.So it's great to have these shows.  The extras are just so-so as the interview with Nielsen is too short and I don't think the commentaries give much to the episodes (especially the one commented on by Robert Wuhl of "Arliss" fame, who was a writer for the show).  Wuhl must say a dozen times "I don't remember this."  Might have helped, Bob, if you took 25 minutes to watch it before watching it for the commentary.  But I won't trim the rating.  It's the shows I wanted and have now received
 The Full Frame version is just that, the unmatted full frame of the filmed image.  The Widescreen version is simply the full frame matted with black bars to fit a wide theater screen (this is how it was originally shown in theaters).  In two spots the DVD lies about the Full Frame version, saying that it's a Pan & Scan trimming of the Widescreen picture.The Full Frame version is just that, the unmatted full frame of the filmed image.  The Widescreen version is simply the full frame matted with black bars to fit a wide theater screen (this is how it was originally shown in theaters).  In two spots the DVD lies about the Full Frame version, saying that it's a Pan & Scan trimming of the Widescreen picture.(1) The Widescreen/Full Frame menu screen which comes up when the disc boots up and also when you select "Video Setup" from the main menu.  This screen shows a screen capture of a film frame that appears at 19:46 in the movie.  The capture was taken from the Widescreen matted version of the film, and the "Full Frame" image displayed is simply a cropped version of the Widescreen image.(1) The Widescreen/Full Frame menu screen which comes up when the disc boots up and also when you select "Video Setup" from the main menu.  This screen shows a screen capture of a film frame that appears at 19:46 in the movie.  The capture was taken from the Widescreen matted version of the film, and the "Full Frame" image displayed is simply a cropped version of the Widescreen image.(2) The text "The following film has been modified from its original version.  It has been formatted to fit this screen." which appears before the Full Frame version of the movie is played.(2) The text "The following film has been modified from its original version.  It has been formatted to fit this screen." which appears before the Full Frame version of the movie is played.MGM got themselves into trouble for this very same lie on their DVD packaging
 SEASON 1: Wonderfully funny with a lot of quick wit, incredible acting for a TV series, and classic plots.  All around a great opening season for a classic show.SEASON 1: Wonderfully funny with a lot of quick wit, incredible acting for a TV series, and classic plots.  All around a great opening season for a classic show.SEASON 2: Great story lines, very different plots, thickening of the chemistry between Remington and Laura with lots of cliff-hanger moments.  The addition of Mildred Krebs in Season 2 was the best move that the show producers made.SEASON 2: Great story lines, very different plots, thickening of the chemistry between Remington and Laura with lots of cliff-hanger moments.  The addition of Mildred Krebs in Season 2 was the best move that the show producers made.SEASON 3: TOPS the first two seasons.  It's hard to hold back and not watch all the episodes in one sitting.  The most disappointing thing about season 3 is that you know there are only one and a half season left of this great, classic show.  Laura (Stephanie) and Remington (Pierce) are really just starting to get into the groove of their ever-messy, non-relationship, relationship, and Mildred (Doris) is just starting to blossom as an actual "Gumshoe".  It is really too bad that this show ended after only 5 seasons.SEASON 3: TOPS the first two seasons.  It's hard to hold back and not watch all the episodes in one sitting.  The most disappointing thing about season 3 is that you know there are only one and a half season left of this great, classic show.  Laura (Stephanie) and Remington (Pierce) are really just starting to get into the groove of their ever-messy, non-relationship, relationship, and Mildred (Doris) is just starting to blossom as an actual "Gumshoe".  It is really too bad that this show ended after only 5 seasons.The good news in all of this is that you can watch the shows over and over and not get tired of them.  I would highly recommend purchasing Seasons 1-3 (because I've seen them already), as well as the final set of discs (Seasons 4 & 5), even though I have not yet watched them (I'm trying to drag it out and make the show last longer!).The good news in all of this is that you can watch the shows over and over and not get tired of them.  I would highly recommend purchasing Seasons 1-3 (because I've seen them already), as well as the final set of discs (Seasons 4 & 5), even though I have not yet watched them (I'm trying to drag it out and make the show last longer!).One MAJOR down-side (not with the show itself but with the DVD discs) is that we have experienced some technical errors with the discs--stopping completly, skipping to the end or back to the beginning, skipping chapters, etc.  One disc will not even play in our computer, which was disappointing because we only figured that out once we were in Africa for 4 months and trying to watch the show one night to relax.  It's too bad that they don't take more care transfering great shows like this to quality DVD's for years of non-skipping enjoyment.  The same disc didn't have as much trouble playing in our actual DVD player once we were back in the States, but still skipped from time to time.One MAJOR down-side (not with the show itself but with the DVD discs) is that we have experienced some technical errors with the discs--stopping completly, skipping to the end or back to the beginning, skipping chapters, etc.  One disc will not even play in our computer, which was disappointing because we only figured that out once we were in Africa for 4 months and trying to watch the show one night to relax.  It's too bad that they don't take more care transfering great shows like this to quality DVD's for years of non-skipping enjoyment.  The same disc didn't have as much trouble playing in our actual DVD player once we were back in the States, but still skipped from time to time.Overall Show Rating: ***** (5 Stars)Overall Show Rating: ***** (5 Stars)Overall Disc Rating: *** (3 Stars) 
 Dark atmospheric telling of the tale. Very decent! It is a simply told ancient tale. The scenery is gorgeous. There's a good atmosphere of the barbaric time. It's a good movie, a lot of twisted emotion right up to the end. Dark atmospheric telling of the tale. Very decent! It is a simply told ancient tale. The scenery is gorgeous. There's a good atmosphere of the barbaric time. It's a good movie, a lot of twisted emotion right up to the end. The movie conjures up thoughts of Gerard Butler as Aragorn, and Ingvar Eggert Sigursson as Theodin in LOTR.
 i loved this movie. for those who gave it one star i guess didnt see how well it was done. In the american version all it was..was Sarah Michelle Gellar's face. The Japanese version was much better (considering it was original and made more sense).it has alot of characters in it but not so much that u will get lost in all of them since they usually die or just dont appear until later in the film.It has some twists which are good.The american leaves out soo sooo much. In the american one it was basically a dead girl killing random people. In the Japanese one it is touching because the whole time the ghost was reaching out for help.  anyway i recommend this to anyone who loves  Asian horror and likes a good plot and movie!! go see it!! and enjoy
 This film gets 4 stars because the child actors shine so much in it. The plot is not very intriguing, and you know that nothing like this can happen in the real life, so it lacks this sense of reality. A dearly beloved child by perfect parents can never turn out to be a killer, which is exactly the point of this movie. This film gets 4 stars because the child actors shine so much in it. The plot is not very intriguing, and you know that nothing like this can happen in the real life, so it lacks this sense of reality. A dearly beloved child by perfect parents can never turn out to be a killer, which is exactly the point of this movie. However, this does keep you glued to the screen and wondering what will happen in the end, and the film is a delight to watch purely because the children are so cute. Elijah Wood is stunning, only due to his efforts can the film get some believability. Caulkin is perfect in this role too, portraying the bad boy, I have no idea why people would point out his acting as poor.  Maybe only comparing to Elijah, but hey, he is widely consirered as one of the most talanted actors of his generation and the most talanted holywood child star ever, so no wonder you cannot compete with him... Anyway, this film is certainly worth watching as a family entertainment and is absolutely a must for Elijah Wood fans!
 In all fairness, this film is advertized on the package as a "docudrama" and not as a drama. The problem is that it isn't clear from that description whether what is being documented dramatically is the actual 1863 battle or the reenactment of battle on its 140th anniversary. As a documentary about the reenactment, this is a fine collection of footage, interspersed with some (thankfully) brief portrayals of the principle leaders on both sides. (Actually, I thought the actor portraying Longstreet did a fine job -- the others were less convincing.) As a documentary about the actual historic battle it is not inaccurate but it provides only a glimpse into the major actions that comprised this long and complex battle. In all fairness, this film is advertized on the package as a "docudrama" and not as a drama. The problem is that it isn't clear from that description whether what is being documented dramatically is the actual 1863 battle or the reenactment of battle on its 140th anniversary. As a documentary about the reenactment, this is a fine collection of footage, interspersed with some (thankfully) brief portrayals of the principle leaders on both sides. (Actually, I thought the actor portraying Longstreet did a fine job -- the others were less convincing.) As a documentary about the actual historic battle it is not inaccurate but it provides only a glimpse into the major actions that comprised this long and complex battle. As a reenactor, I found it interesting watching the various units on the field. Despite the occassional glimpse of earplugs and sunglasses, the equipment and uniforms appear reasonably authentic. Of course, given the generous build of most of the reenactors in this film the title should have been "Three Days of Density" instead. I kid my fellow reenactors...unfortunately most people who have the money to spend on reenacting also have too much money to spend on good food and drink, myself included.As a reenactor, I found it interesting watching the various units on the field. Despite the occassional glimpse of earplugs and sunglasses, the equipment and uniforms appear reasonably authentic. Of course, given the generous build of most of the reenactors in this film the title should have been "Three Days of Density" instead. I kid my fellow reenactors...unfortunately most people who have the money to spend on reenacting also have too much money to spend on good food and drink, myself included.So, if you want to really learn about the battle, read Harry W. Pfanz's trilogy or Stephen Sears' book. If you want to see what Civil War reenacting on a grand scale can be like, this is a fine introduction
 Watching "Once and Again" is one of the most painful television shows to watch, let along watch again.  This is not because it is a bad television show, but because when it comes to dealing with the aftermath of divorce it is the most painfully realistic television show that has aired to date.  I would like to be able to identify with Rick, but my personal situation is more like that of Jake, and instead of focusing on the romantic relationships between the adults I keep paying more attention to the pain of the children when they talk about what divorce has done to them.  Watching "Once and Again: The Complete Second Season" on DVD, the character I found myself paying attention to more than the first time around when the series aired on ABC was that of Zoe Manning.  There is a moment when she reads her parents, Lily and Jake, the riot act regarding being the youngest and not only getting hand me downs from her older sister Grace, but also ending up with less years where the family ("Scribbling Rivalry").  Anybody who has been in a family that has gone through a divorce will find this show hits home time and time again.  If you have been spared that particular experience, then I really do not know why you would want what these people go through.Watching "Once and Again" is one of the most painful television shows to watch, let along watch again.  This is not because it is a bad television show, but because when it comes to dealing with the aftermath of divorce it is the most painfully realistic television show that has aired to date.  I would like to be able to identify with Rick, but my personal situation is more like that of Jake, and instead of focusing on the romantic relationships between the adults I keep paying more attention to the pain of the children when they talk about what divorce has done to them.  Watching "Once and Again: The Complete Second Season" on DVD, the character I found myself paying attention to more than the first time around when the series aired on ABC was that of Zoe Manning.  There is a moment when she reads her parents, Lily and Jake, the riot act regarding being the youngest and not only getting hand me downs from her older sister Grace, but also ending up with less years where the family ("Scribbling Rivalry").  Anybody who has been in a family that has gone through a divorce will find this show hits home time and time again.  If you have been spared that particular experience, then I really do not know why you would want what these people go through.If the first season of "Once and Again" is about Lily Manning and Rick Sammler falling in love, then the second season is about how that relationship has a ripple effect with their family as the inevitability of the relationship forces their children and ex-spouses to a new level of acceptance.  There is actually more abut Lily and her new job (e.g., "Scribbling Rivalry") and Rick working on a mega-project for Miles Drentell ("Edifice Wrecked"), than there is about them being with each other.  While Lily and Rick are happy, for the most part, everybody else is wallowing in misery to varying degrees, and throughout the season getting all the kids together and on the same page proves to be problematic again and again (e.g, "Feast or Famine").  The major irony is that the dyad I am most interested in is Karen and Jessie, especially knowing what is going to happen to Karen in the third season and what Evan Rachel Wood has done since this show ended (although I am equally impressed by Julie Whalen as a young actress as well).  So I tend to pay attention to what each of those characters are doing, albeit for different reasons, but with more of an appreciation of how Jessie is her mother's daughter, which is not always a good thing ("Best of Enemies"), especially since Jessie is having trouble adjusting to high school and stops eating ("Food for Thought").If the first season of "Once and Again" is about Lily Manning and Rick Sammler falling in love, then the second season is about how that relationship has a ripple effect with their family as the inevitability of the relationship forces their children and ex-spouses to a new level of acceptance.  There is actually more abut Lily and her new job (e.g., "Scribbling Rivalry") and Rick working on a mega-project for Miles Drentell ("Edifice Wrecked"), than there is about them being with each other.  While Lily and Rick are happy, for the most part, everybody else is wallowing in misery to varying degrees, and throughout the season getting all the kids together and on the same page proves to be problematic again and again (e.g, "Feast or Famine").  The major irony is that the dyad I am most interested in is Karen and Jessie, especially knowing what is going to happen to Karen in the third season and what Evan Rachel Wood has done since this show ended (although I am equally impressed by Julie Whalen as a young actress as well).  So I tend to pay attention to what each of those characters are doing, albeit for different reasons, but with more of an appreciation of how Jessie is her mother's daughter, which is not always a good thing ("Best of Enemies"), especially since Jessie is having trouble adjusting to high school and stops eating ("Food for Thought").Having Miles Drentel is a mixed blessing, because while watching David Clennon is always a pleasure, when he becomes a wedge between Rick and David it is like watching Michael and Elliot on "thirtysomething" all over again.  But it does inspire a true moment of vision for Rick ("Ozymandias 2.0"), and by the end of the season it becomes clear that the purpose of having Miles around is to bring Rick down to the point that all he can offer Lily is himself at the end because his professional reputation and business are pretty much shot.  This becomes important because it means Rick and Lily do not have the money to find a house where their merged families can have enough space to breathe, let alone live.  But dramatically the whole bit of Karen and her law firm trying to stop Miles, and Rick, from building their project is more interesting ("Edifice Wrecked"), especially when it seems Rick might end up going to prison ("Won't Someone Please Help George Bailey Tonight").  When the psychiatrist that Jessie is seeing points out that only married people get as angry as Rick and Karen get at each other, it seems so obvious.  Having Miles Drentel is a mixed blessing, because while watching David Clennon is always a pleasure, when he becomes a wedge between Rick and David it is like watching Michael and Elliot on "thirtysomething" all over again.  But it does inspire a true moment of vision for Rick ("Ozymandias 2.0"), and by the end of the season it becomes clear that the purpose of having Miles around is to bring Rick down to the point that all he can offer Lily is himself at the end because his professional reputation and business are pretty much shot.  This becomes important because it means Rick and Lily do not have the money to find a house where their merged families can have enough space to breathe, let alone live.  But dramatically the whole bit of Karen and her law firm trying to stop Miles, and Rick, from building their project is more interesting ("Edifice Wrecked"), especially when it seems Rick might end up going to prison ("Won't Someone Please Help George Bailey Tonight").  When the psychiatrist that Jessie is seeing points out that only married people get as angry as Rick and Karen get at each other, it seems so obvious.  This really is a year of one step forward and one step backwards for most of the characters.  Jake is the big hero when an emotionally disturbed bus boy shows up at the restaurant with a gun ("The Other End of the Telescope"), but bails on Tiffany when she wants him to be a father to their baby ("Forgive Us Out Trespasses").  Judy comes up with the great idea of "Booklovers," despite Lily's negativity, but needs the entire rest of the season to figure out Will Gluck.  Eli has found something he likes and is good at with his music ("I Can't Stand Up For Falling Down"), but is unable to build on it as his problems with school and romance continue.  Note: why Rick and Karen wasted time letting Eli apply to the University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana is beyond me, because I have taught there and my oldest daughter is graduating from there this December.  I have to tell you that unless Eli is going on a basketball scholarship, he is not getting it to that school and thinking he had a chance was a totally unrealistic expectation.   So, my question is whether the people who put the show together know this was a big mistake and it is an insight into Eli's parents, or simply me once again reading way too much into the situation.    This really is a year of one step forward and one step backwards for most of the characters.  Jake is the big hero when an emotionally disturbed bus boy shows up at the restaurant with a gun ("The Other End of the Telescope"), but bails on Tiffany when she wants him to be a father to their baby ("Forgive Us Out Trespasses").  Judy comes up with the great idea of "Booklovers," despite Lily's negativity, but needs the entire rest of the season to figure out Will Gluck.  Eli has found something he likes and is good at with his music ("I Can't Stand Up For Falling Down"), but is unable to build on it as his problems with school and romance continue.  Note: why Rick and Karen wasted time letting Eli apply to the University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana is beyond me, because I have taught there and my oldest daughter is graduating from there this December.  I have to tell you that unless Eli is going on a basketball scholarship, he is not getting it to that school and thinking he had a chance was a totally unrealistic expectation.   So, my question is whether the people who put the show together know this was a big mistake and it is an insight into Eli's parents, or simply me once again reading way too much into the situation.    My only real complaint is that this time around it becomes clearer to me that Lily is really way too judgmental.  At least when she does not immediately accept Rick's proposal (another painfully true moment for me), she does not leave him hanging for long and I liked the way he found out she had accepted his ring.  The fact that season two ends with the wedding ("The Second Time Around") might seem like the end of the story, but only if you make the mistake of thinking "Once and Again" was simply about Lily getting remarried.  It really is about trying to make two families one, which is why fans are sitting around waiting for the third and unfairly final (and incomplete) season to come out on DVD
 This was a blast from the past for my husband and I.  We purchased this for our 6 and 7 year olds and they really like it.  It fits right where they are in school, and they laugh while they are learning.  Often when we are doing homework, I'll say "That's what they said on the Electric Company" or "Remember what the Electric Company said this letters sound like?"  And they do.  It's been a joy to see something from my childhood work for them.  It's great to play in the morning while they are getting ready for school.  -- Plus I have to admit, seeing Morgan Freeman and Bill Cosby in this is quite hilarious (mistakes and all!
 Using the G8 Summit and negotiations over debt relief as the background for a romantic comedy seemed (at least to me) like a recipe for disaster, but thanks to great writing and an amazing performance by Bill Nighy,  The Girl in the Cafe is an unexpected gem. Don't miss it.
 This is a very enjoyable, laid-back film about the music and spirit of one of our greatest rock musicians.  I love Neil Young's music, and I love this film
 i went into this DVD with low expectations and wound up really enjoying it.  maybe "enjoy" isn't the right word, it is intense, it is political (and i usually am on the opposite side of hollywood politics)and it jumps around from subplot to subplot.  in fact, i dozed off for 10 minutes and got entirely lost and had to rewind to fill in the blanks.  but I found it very plausible. and that is what a good movie should do- give a plausible thesis and play it out.  it succeeds here.  it makes us think of the laws of unintended consequence.  Sure, it makes the Gov't and big oil look inherently evil and characaturizes them, but that usually makes for a good starting point, since most large organizations usually succumb to fear and/or greed anyway. I once heard a history professor say " it isn't about the struggle of good vs evil, it is always about the struggle of good vs good....both sides always think they are right and God is on their side"..... Watch it, you will come out the other side thinking. 
 This was truly a great piece of work and should be viewed by all.  It was a very sad day when the election was stolen from Mr. Gore, but this movie gave me a new realization. That being in office would have held this man back. His talent and passion truly shine through here and are very contagious. This is not a movie that leaves you feeling hopeless and wondering what you can do. Mr. Gore lists plenty of things we as individuals can start to do to make changes. He gives a website climatecrisis.net for more ideas and info.  If you think this might be too boring for your taste, give it a chance and watch it if only to see the giant jellyfish.This was truly a great piece of work and should be viewed by all.  It was a very sad day when the election was stolen from Mr. Gore, but this movie gave me a new realization. That being in office would have held this man back. His talent and passion truly shine through here and are very contagious. This is not a movie that leaves you feeling hopeless and wondering what you can do. Mr. Gore lists plenty of things we as individuals can start to do to make changes. He gives a website climatecrisis.net for more ideas and info.  If you think this might be too boring for your taste, give it a chance and watch it if only to see the giant jellyfish.Thank you Mr. Gore and all of the people who helped you make this happen
 I thought this movie was pretty good. I've seen a lot of Nicholas Cage movies  (8mm, The Rock, Con Air, etc) so maybe I am biased towards him.I thought this movie was pretty good. I've seen a lot of Nicholas Cage movies  (8mm, The Rock, Con Air, etc) so maybe I am biased towards him.I've watched this movie 3 times and it doesn't wear thin too quick like some movies
 I enjoyed Ice Age, and this movie is good as well. Thankfully, all of the cast from the original Ice Age returned, and the comedy as well. And, besides the characters, the story is another original idea, and a great stand alone movie by itself, and thankfully not a rehasing of an old one.  The Ice Age is coming to an end, and Our gang rallies the inhabitants of the valley to go on a trek for Higher ground before their Valley gets flooded. Manny, along the way, begins to question his own mortality and the fact that He is "the last mammoth"...or is he. Well, that what everybody thinks, until they run across a family of opossums.  Don't see how Opossums and Mammoths tie together, just watch the movie. Queen Latifah was a good addition to the cast. Great film, one for the collection
 Star Wars, in any format, will always be the greatest movie of all time
 What a great story and an ending!  I was so excited about the conclusion of this 2 hr program that I coudn't sleep at all
 WonderfulWonderfulTerry Gilliam is the Orson Welles of our time.  Lambasted by critics for his excesses, admired by others for his genius.  I'm with the genius crowd.  Brothers Grimm is probably the most unfairly panned movie I've seen in a long while.  Gilliam's style is baroque, and by a director who knows the definition.  Visually, this can be quite stunning, as various nasty and beautiful things poke out of corners of a scene.  Sort of like a Durer woodcut as imagined by Hieronymus Bosch. And the Brothers Grimm is perfect ground for Gilliam's magic - a dark fairytale that is also has a clash of ideas.  It's 1812, the Age of Napoleon, not a good time for the Imagination.  Nevertheless, con-men Jake & Will Grimm are cashing in off of superstition and fear, since it's also an Age of Anxiety, and people believe more than ever in things that go bump in the night.  The bumbling Grimms are played, quite effectively by Matt Damon (who pulls off the accent nicely) and Heath Ledger (a head scratching, eye-squinting success).  Their evil counterparts, End Products from the Age of Reason, are a French general, played by Jonathan Pryce, and his wacky henchman, played by the always wonderful Peter Stormare.  Little girls are disappearing in a small town, and something needs to be done about it.  And the Grimms are caught in the middle.  You will recognize bits and pieces of various fairy tales, as the Grimms stumble and bumble along to try and figure out the mystery.  To reveal more would be cheating you out of a great tale and some genuine surprises.  Check it out
 "Monk" is quite an interesting show. It is about this character named Adrian Monk (played by Tony Shalhoub, "Wings"), who is an obsessive compulsive detective with many phobias. He is also incredibly intelligent; he can literally solve any kind of case rather quickly, provided that he has all the right clues. The most interesting aspect of this is that one never knows when Monk might have an idea on what the mystery might be until he utters four immortal words, which, for some of the most intense cases, will really shock the audience: "I've solved the case." However, for some reason, the best part always seems to be when he says, "Here's what happened.""Monk" is quite an interesting show. It is about this character named Adrian Monk (played by Tony Shalhoub, "Wings"), who is an obsessive compulsive detective with many phobias. He is also incredibly intelligent; he can literally solve any kind of case rather quickly, provided that he has all the right clues. The most interesting aspect of this is that one never knows when Monk might have an idea on what the mystery might be until he utters four immortal words, which, for some of the most intense cases, will really shock the audience: "I've solved the case." However, for some reason, the best part always seems to be when he says, "Here's what happened."When it comes to the scenes involving murder cases, it must be known that the antagonists of some episodes can get very, very brutal. They will do things like whack people against the head with crowbars, slice up their bodies with chainsaws, smash their hands with car doors, and sometimes, they will even try drowning them, and like the antagonists of "MacGyver," they are not afraid to use guns, if necessary.When it comes to the scenes involving murder cases, it must be known that the antagonists of some episodes can get very, very brutal. They will do things like whack people against the head with crowbars, slice up their bodies with chainsaws, smash their hands with car doors, and sometimes, they will even try drowning them, and like the antagonists of "MacGyver," they are not afraid to use guns, if necessary.The acting is phenomenal especially by Tony Shalhoub and Ted Levine (Capt. Stottelmeyer). The photography and cinematography are also well done and enhances each scene in each episode. Finally, this DVD is practically perfect in picture and sound quality. It has extras like featurettes and you have the option of listening to it in three different languages; English, Spanish, and French. I found it all interesting. In conclusion, this TV show has it all: good background music, great dialogue, interesting stories, good acting, and interesting cinematography.The acting is phenomenal especially by Tony Shalhoub and Ted Levine (Capt. Stottelmeyer). The photography and cinematography are also well done and enhances each scene in each episode. Finally, this DVD is practically perfect in picture and sound quality. It has extras like featurettes and you have the option of listening to it in three different languages; English, Spanish, and French. I found it all interesting. In conclusion, this TV show has it all: good background music, great dialogue, interesting stories, good acting, and interesting cinematography.The KAB score: 8.9 super
 I did not see John Carpenter's original version of "Assault on Precinct 13," but that did matter to my enjoyment of the 2005 remake. I was paying attention so I knew what the set up was, both inside and out of the precinct, as we went along. But being ahead of the characters on this one does not do you much good because there are ample twists in James DeMonaco's script (I made the mistake of announcing right before the first assault the two characters I was sure would survive all the bullets and I was half-right, which is a polite way of saying I was half-wrong). I did not see John Carpenter's original version of "Assault on Precinct 13," but that did matter to my enjoyment of the 2005 remake. I was paying attention so I knew what the set up was, both inside and out of the precinct, as we went along. But being ahead of the characters on this one does not do you much good because there are ample twists in James DeMonaco's script (I made the mistake of announcing right before the first assault the two characters I was sure would survive all the bullets and I was half-right, which is a polite way of saying I was half-wrong). It is New Year's Eve in Jean-Francois Richet's film and it has started to snow heavily. Precinct 13 officially closes at the stroke of midnight and filling up the last boxes are Sergeant Jake Roenick (Ethan Hawke), who has been hiding behind a desk ever since an undercover gig went horribly bad and he was wounded while his two partners were killed, grizzled veteran Jasper O'Shea (Brian Dennehy) who is always talking about retirement, and secretary Iris Ferry (Drea de Matteo) who is always talking about sex with bad boys. Jake would rather talk about sex than his feelings about what happened before with Alex Sabian (Mario Bello), the department shrink who happens to stop by on a snowy New Year's Eve to take another crack at Jake's psyche. It is New Year's Eve in Jean-Francois Richet's film and it has started to snow heavily. Precinct 13 officially closes at the stroke of midnight and filling up the last boxes are Sergeant Jake Roenick (Ethan Hawke), who has been hiding behind a desk ever since an undercover gig went horribly bad and he was wounded while his two partners were killed, grizzled veteran Jasper O'Shea (Brian Dennehy) who is always talking about retirement, and secretary Iris Ferry (Drea de Matteo) who is always talking about sex with bad boys. Jake would rather talk about sex than his feelings about what happened before with Alex Sabian (Mario Bello), the department shrink who happens to stop by on a snowy New Year's Eve to take another crack at Jake's psyche. Then a Detroit police transport bus shows up with a quartet of prisoners, unable to get to the prison because of the storm and a highway accident. There is Beck (John Leguizamo), who will not shut up, Anna (Alisha Hinds) a girl with a crew-cut who proclaims her innocence, Smiley (Ja Rule), a counterfeiter, and Marion Bishop (Laurence Fishburne), the most notorious criminal in the city, who has just been arrested for murdering an undercover cop under suspicious circumstances. So when a couple of guys with guns break into the precinct and everybody is yelling these are Bishop's men coming to get get, we do not buy it. After all, as soon as Bishop saw them he hid behind a wall. Things are just beginning to get interesting. Then a Detroit police transport bus shows up with a quartet of prisoners, unable to get to the prison because of the storm and a highway accident. There is Beck (John Leguizamo), who will not shut up, Anna (Alisha Hinds) a girl with a crew-cut who proclaims her innocence, Smiley (Ja Rule), a counterfeiter, and Marion Bishop (Laurence Fishburne), the most notorious criminal in the city, who has just been arrested for murdering an undercover cop under suspicious circumstances. So when a couple of guys with guns break into the precinct and everybody is yelling these are Bishop's men coming to get get, we do not buy it. After all, as soon as Bishop saw them he hid behind a wall. Things are just beginning to get interesting. "Assault on Precinct 13" is an action film where the human element is really more interesting once Jake figures out that to survive the night he needs everybody to help out, which means not only the prisoners but the women. Everybody gets a gun in this one, but you know full well that not everybody can be trusted with one. Furthermore, Jake is fully aware that Bishop is the smartest and deadliest person there, but this movie is all about making the best of a bad situation that keeps getting worse. The death of one character really puts the way this is going to play out into question, and I liked the note on which the film actually ends once we finally get down to the inevitable confrontation between the two main characters. Not great, but certainly an enjoyable action picture with a minimum amount of stupidity on the part of the characters once you accept the idea the die is cast and it is all or nothing for the bad guys. That is a pretty good recommendation for this genre
 Maybe better than the original. I liked that they focused on Wonka's childhood throughout the film.  That was something that really added to the storyline.  They really did a good job in the beginning making the golden wrapper seem like a big deal, too. I guess the only surprising thing was that the bubble room from the original wasn't anywhere to be seen in this one, but in a way the room with the squirrels made up for it. Maybe better than the original. I liked that they focused on Wonka's childhood throughout the film.  That was something that really added to the storyline.  They really did a good job in the beginning making the golden wrapper seem like a big deal, too. I guess the only surprising thing was that the bubble room from the original wasn't anywhere to be seen in this one, but in a way the room with the squirrels made up for it. Oh, and the children seemed ESPECIALLY bratty this time, which made it better when those bad things happened to them.  A friend pointed out to me that this version has a LOT more musical numbers.  Good call.  I don't know if the ending was better than the original, but it was certainly a very good, interesting way to wrap up this wonderful remake.  I don't want to reveal what happens at the end, so let's just say that when the factory tour is over, and Charlie leaves, there's still a decent chunk of storyline left.  Oh, and the children seemed ESPECIALLY bratty this time, which made it better when those bad things happened to them.  A friend pointed out to me that this version has a LOT more musical numbers.  Good call.  I don't know if the ending was better than the original, but it was certainly a very good, interesting way to wrap up this wonderful remake.  I don't want to reveal what happens at the end, so let's just say that when the factory tour is over, and Charlie leaves, there's still a decent chunk of storyline left.  I was kind of disappointed that the whole fantasy of "living in a world of chocolate" element wasn't really there, which is definitely a bad thing.  I mean, come on.  We ALL want a world of chocolate!  I just feel there should have been more chocolate-related things included in the film.  I was kind of disappointed that the whole fantasy of "living in a world of chocolate" element wasn't really there, which is definitely a bad thing.  I mean, come on.  We ALL want a world of chocolate!  I just feel there should have been more chocolate-related things included in the film.  Overall, it's probably not better than the original, but it's not worse either.   You really need to own both. 
 Having seen Stella's live show in Hollywood, I had a sneaking suspicion that I was going to love their Comedy Central show, and I was not disappointed.  These guys have mastered the art of genius-disguised-as-idiocy, and nearly every episode is hilarious from beginning to end.  I guess I'm not surprised it didn't last; this kind of humor isn't for everyone.  But come on...we are talking about a network whose supposed hits include Mind of Mencia and Blue Collar Comedy, both of which are among the worst dregs that the comedy world has to offer.  These guys have been making great comedy for a lot of years, and I hope to see them in another show or movie soon.  Until then, I'll be enjoying Stella on DVD
    that is really what a.b.c. said when they took this,the funniest show ever on t.v.,off the air in less than six shows. my friends in high school and i watchedcthis show every time it came on. it was a parrody of all the cop shows from the 60's and 70's and was falling down funny. later the group who gave us airplane would retool their baby into the "naked gun" movies and make a mint at the boxoffice. each show could be watched many times just to catch the jokes you missed. i'm so happy that they have all six shows on dvd now,and i can get rid of the old cut up copy that i had on vhs. and remember "smoke", "yes i know,but what happened
 This film is a gripping true life portrait of the path poverty takes when it (poverty) decides to destroy life and hurt those who cannot defeat its ties of depression.This film is a gripping true life portrait of the path poverty takes when it (poverty) decides to destroy life and hurt those who cannot defeat its ties of depression.One of the strongest film ever seen!!!  A must see
 I really loved this story! Each actor played his role perfectly and the filming and special effects were outstanding
 The thing I like about this movie was that it was wholesome, something the whole family could watch together without having to worry about bleeping the bad parts out!  Cute, entertaining story with some romance thrown in for interest
 "Stagecoach" is significant, along with "Destry Rides Again", for redefining the Western for "adult" audiences.  Director John Ford achieved that by emphasizing character developement over action though the film does contain some thrilling sequences.  For sure the film does contain a number of Western archetypes(the gambler, the prostitute with a heart of gold, etc.) but they transcend the stereotypes.  "Stagecoach" is also significant as the film that broke John Wayne to mainstream audiences.  Wayne's entrance as the Ringo Kid is the stuff of legends.  There is not a bum performance in the impressive cast that includes the underappreciated Claire Trevor as the social pariah, Dallas, and Thomas Mitchell as Doc Boone, for which he won an Oscar.  The film's status as being historically significant is not debatable.  As first class entertainment it is timeless
 I watched this movie ...and once it finished I decided I had to log on to Amazon and buy it up.  This film is so well done, from the characters, the actors, the dialogue and the stories.  A pure enjoyment to watch. I hope everyuone sees it at least once
 This film is visually stunning with a soundtrack that sounds truly haunted. Occasionally the film lets itself down with it's editing. I sometimes feel disorientated thinking " wait slow down will you." Having said that - this film is well acted, and really puts you in the Netherlands of the 19th Century. It may not be as hard hitting and exciting as Turkish Delight but this film is equally competent and well worth watching
 I love good underrated movies, they make you feel like you're part of a priviledge club of connoisseurs. I'm not a movie buff, but Deep Cover has all the elements you would expect of a classic : great acting, memorable lines, interesting ( and logical ) plot and a decent ending.Laurence Fishburne is at his best in his role of an undercover cop slowly crossing the line between pretending to be a drug dealer and pretending to be a cop. Jeff Golblum is one of those actors you either love or hate, and I loved him playing the dirty lawyer laundering drug money. There's a great chemistry between the two and the supporting cast, which to me, was one of the main weakness of New Jack City.The use of Laurence Fishburne's character as the narrator works wonder, and somewhere between the slow, dark wailings of the movie theme, the nightime shots of downtown LA and Laurence Fishburn's poetic lines, the movie grabs you into a world, an urban jungle, crowded with nightime vultures, heartless killers and hopeless junkies. Deep Cover is somewhere between Fables and magical realism, a place where reality exceeds fiction.A great movie, the DVD is so so, almost no extras, and the picture quality is good, without being great.    
 where do I start? jack nicolson  is a magnificant actor. He can play anybody  and his performance in this film was top notch. I recomend anyone that claims to be a fan of his to check this film out. I guarantee you will be satisfied
 Spider-Man (2002.) The first Spider-Man film.Spider-Man 2 (2004.) The second Spider-Man film. Spider-Man 2 (2004.) The second Spider-Man film. INTRODUCTION: In 2002, the first of the live-action Spider-Man hit theatres. It's not likely that the film's director, Sam Raimi, had any idea just how successful his big-screen incarnation of the classic superhero would be. It drew in huge amounts of money at the theatres, and the DVD releases did the same. The sequel, appropriately enough, was even more hyped, and did even better. And now, both films have been combined into a single set! Read on for my review of the Spider-Man films.In 2002, the first of the live-action Spider-Man hit theatres. It's not likely that the film's director, Sam Raimi, had any idea just how successful his big-screen incarnation of the classic superhero would be. It drew in huge amounts of money at the theatres, and the DVD releases did the same. The sequel, appropriately enough, was even more hyped, and did even better. And now, both films have been combined into a single set! Read on for my review of the Spider-Man films.STORYLINE: Essentially, this set includes both of the films. The first of the two films explains how Peter Parker got bitten by a radioactive spider, and gained the powers that ultimately turned him into Spider-Man. In the first film, the villain is former head of Oscorp, Norman Osborn, who has been transformed into the Green Goblin by a chemical he was testing. The second film continues two years after the first left off, and features Spider-Man facing off against Doc Ock, a brilliant scientist who has gone mad due to a mixture of not getting the proper credit for his work and an electric shock that permanently grafted mechanical arms to his body. This time around, juggling the duties of being Spider-Man with work and school have made Peter Parker question whether or not he wants to continue the superhero lifestyle. Essentially, this set includes both of the films. The first of the two films explains how Peter Parker got bitten by a radioactive spider, and gained the powers that ultimately turned him into Spider-Man. In the first film, the villain is former head of Oscorp, Norman Osborn, who has been transformed into the Green Goblin by a chemical he was testing. The second film continues two years after the first left off, and features Spider-Man facing off against Doc Ock, a brilliant scientist who has gone mad due to a mixture of not getting the proper credit for his work and an electric shock that permanently grafted mechanical arms to his body. This time around, juggling the duties of being Spider-Man with work and school have made Peter Parker question whether or not he wants to continue the superhero lifestyle. OPINIONS: Both of these films flat-out rule. Seeing the first film turned me into a Spider-Man fan practically overnight. The acting and storyline are both excellent, particuarly Willem Dafoe's portrayal of Norman Osborn/The Green Goblin. Everything the first film did well, the second one does even better. I was amazed that they managed to create a sequel superior to the original film, since sequels rarely top the film that comes before them - but Sam Raimi does it here. These are great films, and the fact that they're together in one package only sweetens the deal.Both of these films flat-out rule. Seeing the first film turned me into a Spider-Man fan practically overnight. The acting and storyline are both excellent, particuarly Willem Dafoe's portrayal of Norman Osborn/The Green Goblin. Everything the first film did well, the second one does even better. I was amazed that they managed to create a sequel superior to the original film, since sequels rarely top the film that comes before them - but Sam Raimi does it here. These are great films, and the fact that they're together in one package only sweetens the deal.DVD: These are the standard DVD releases of the film, meaning each one has a bonus disc of material. There are a ton of bonus features, including commentary, cast and crew interviews, and assorted other extras too. The second disc included with the first film even has a listing of a ton of the old comic books, and the plotlines of them! That's my favorite extra on either of the discs. The other features are also excellent, and if you like the films, you'll agree they're worthwhile.These are the standard DVD releases of the film, meaning each one has a bonus disc of material. There are a ton of bonus features, including commentary, cast and crew interviews, and assorted other extras too. The second disc included with the first film even has a listing of a ton of the old comic books, and the plotlines of them! That's my favorite extra on either of the discs. The other features are also excellent, and if you like the films, you'll agree they're worthwhile.OVERALL: I can't begin to express my satisfaction with these films. The cast and crew have creates two cinematic masterpiece, and I think you'll agree superhero movies don't get any better. Being able to get both movies in a single set makes the deal all the more sweet. These are must-watch movies, regardless of who you are. Even if you're not a big fan of the Spider-Man franchise, you may be pleasantly surprised
 I saw this movie for the first time when I was 5.  I'm still watching it at 65.  They will never be another movie to surpass this one
 The movie was terrific, and the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars, was because there was quite a bit of Spanish in the film, and the subtites from Spanish to English didn't seem to work on my copy.   English subtitles appeared for Engliish, and Spanish subtitles appeared when they spoke Spanish!  Strange.  Fortunately I know some Spanish, so i could sort of pick it up, but I don't know why the sub titles didn't work. Anyway,  Bogie was very good and the story was too.  Three men set out to find gold, and naturally greed and suspicion overtake one of them complicating the whole journey.  Besides all that were the usual bandits and Indians and so forth.  But it kept you watching and that's what really counts.  Won't tell you if they got any gold! 
 I thought this was a very good film. Well written filmed cast and acted. Very dark humor. I myself would have used Lawyers Guns and Money by Warren Zevon and Knockin' On Heavens Door, Bob Dylan on the sound track
 This movie is so touching.  I loved the determination of the girl.  It's been a while since I've seen this movie so forgive me for not remembering the characters' names.  My children got hooked on foreign films after watching this movie with me.  A great family movie or just a clean chick flick
 I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I LOVE IT  I LOVE IT!!!!This DVD is FANTASTIC!!!!!!
 Ellen, the young boy's stepmother, gets involved in this frightening story quite by accident in the shower. It is necessary to actually tear apart the shower door to attempt to save her. The "Pulse" is in the TV, the electricity, the hot water... everywhere. Naturally nobody believes them when they try to explain what it is. I have watched this video several times and I'm still not sure myself. A real thriller: Get it while you can. Exclusively at AMAZON.COM
 I can't wait for this second season to FINALLY be released.  I bought the first set on a whim and WOW was I pleasantly surprised.  I never knew Alfred Hitchcock had such a fun personality and such wicked humor before viewing his little intro's and exits during each episode.This set includes 39 episodes from the 1956-1957 season.The casts of each show are superb and the certain actors who show up in other episodes are always welcome as the new characters they play.  If you love short, play-like drama's (some are comedy's in a dark vain) you owe it to yourself to check out both season sets and join me and others who hope that the studio's will quickly release all of the seasons for us fans.Peace  :o
 What can one add to what's already been written about the movie many consider to be the greatest film of all time? "Citizen Kane" has been analyzed more than any other movie, in part because the story behind the film is as interesting as "Kane" itself. It's therefore appropriate that this special edition also includes the documentary "The Battle over Citizen Kane" and the HBO film "RKO 281."What can one add to what's already been written about the movie many consider to be the greatest film of all time? "Citizen Kane" has been analyzed more than any other movie, in part because the story behind the film is as interesting as "Kane" itself. It's therefore appropriate that this special edition also includes the documentary "The Battle over Citizen Kane" and the HBO film "RKO 281."I'm amazed at how many people I encounter who have watched "Citizen Kane" once and thought it was just OK.  But seeing it once is simply not enough. This is true of any great film, but more so for "Kane," a multifaceted work that cannot be fully digested upon first viewing. In many ways, "Kane" is the Bible of modern cinema: you'll find something new each time you watch it.I'm amazed at how many people I encounter who have watched "Citizen Kane" once and thought it was just OK.  But seeing it once is simply not enough. This is true of any great film, but more so for "Kane," a multifaceted work that cannot be fully digested upon first viewing. In many ways, "Kane" is the Bible of modern cinema: you'll find something new each time you watch it.Orson Welles' astonishing directorial debut is a tour de force of cinematic technique, narrative innovation and ensemble acting. The story of Charles Foster Kane, a newspaper tycoon based more or less on William Randolph Hearst, unfolds in imaginatively designed flashbacks. Welles and cinematographer Gregg Toland employ chiaroscuro lighting and deep focus photography to create an evocative and rich tapestry that rewards repeated viewing. Welles, as Kane, ages 50 years over the course of the film, aided by makeup artist Maurice Seiderman's wizardry. Welles' Mercury Players, including Joseph Cotten, Agnes Moorehead, Ruth Warrick, Ray Collins, Everett Sloane, and Erskine Sanford, round out an impressive cast.Orson Welles' astonishing directorial debut is a tour de force of cinematic technique, narrative innovation and ensemble acting. The story of Charles Foster Kane, a newspaper tycoon based more or less on William Randolph Hearst, unfolds in imaginatively designed flashbacks. Welles and cinematographer Gregg Toland employ chiaroscuro lighting and deep focus photography to create an evocative and rich tapestry that rewards repeated viewing. Welles, as Kane, ages 50 years over the course of the film, aided by makeup artist Maurice Seiderman's wizardry. Welles' Mercury Players, including Joseph Cotten, Agnes Moorehead, Ruth Warrick, Ray Collins, Everett Sloane, and Erskine Sanford, round out an impressive cast.The expertly produced documentary, "The Battle over Citizen Kane," recounts the factors that nearly prevented Welles' film from seeing the light of day. But it belabors the comparison between Welles and Hearst. Both were certainly ambitious men, and Charles Foster Kane is based as much on Welles as on Hearst, but the similarities end shortly thereafter. By repeating the popular wisdom that Welles' career tanked after "Kane," the documentary glosses over Welles' achievements. Welles went on to make several great films, two of which ("Touch of Evil" and "Chimes at Midnight") are often cited by Welles scholars as superior to "Kane."The expertly produced documentary, "The Battle over Citizen Kane," recounts the factors that nearly prevented Welles' film from seeing the light of day. But it belabors the comparison between Welles and Hearst. Both were certainly ambitious men, and Charles Foster Kane is based as much on Welles as on Hearst, but the similarities end shortly thereafter. By repeating the popular wisdom that Welles' career tanked after "Kane," the documentary glosses over Welles' achievements. Welles went on to make several great films, two of which ("Touch of Evil" and "Chimes at Midnight") are often cited by Welles scholars as superior to "Kane."While the documentary overdoes the comparisons between Welles and Hearst, "RKO 281" distorts the relationship between Welles (Liev Schrieber) and "Kane" co-writer Herman Mankiewicz (John Malkovich). Mankiewicz was holed up with Welles' Mercury Theatre partner John Houseman - not Welles - at Victorville, and Houseman was Welles' confidant throughout the "Kane" controversy, not Mankiewicz.  If the film simplifies real-life relationships, it remains an enjoyable - if somewhat lightweight - re-enactment of the controversy, with great performances by James Cromwell as the imperious Hearst and Melanie Griffith as the ditsy Marion Davies.While the documentary overdoes the comparisons between Welles and Hearst, "RKO 281" distorts the relationship between Welles (Liev Schrieber) and "Kane" co-writer Herman Mankiewicz (John Malkovich). Mankiewicz was holed up with Welles' Mercury Theatre partner John Houseman - not Welles - at Victorville, and Houseman was Welles' confidant throughout the "Kane" controversy, not Mankiewicz.  If the film simplifies real-life relationships, it remains an enjoyable - if somewhat lightweight - re-enactment of the controversy, with great performances by James Cromwell as the imperious Hearst and Melanie Griffith as the ditsy Marion Davies.Back to the inevitable question: is "Citizen Kane" the greatest movie of all time? Quite possibly, though "Touch of Evil" might be even better among Welles' own films. But "Kane" is more inexhaustible, and more conducive to repeated viewing and in-depth study. "Citizen Kane" has topped the highly regarded "Sight and Sound" polls since 1962, and the American Film Institute reinforced "Kane's" #1 status with its 1998 Top 100 list. Can all the critics, experts, and film buffs all be wrong? Watch "Citizen Kane" - not once, but twice or more - and decide for yourself
 Fred Astaire plays a dnacer returning to England from a trip abroad.  In the Customs shed he meets Ginger Rogers in an embarassing predicament.  He tries to find out who she is, but she refuses to tell him, and he spends ages searching London for her until he finally tracks her down and begins to awaken her interest.  Ginger goes down to Brighton with her friend dithery much-married Alice Brady, and Astaire and his dithery lawyer friend Edward Everett Horton go in pursuit.  Ginger has gone to Brighton to try and obtain a divorce, she intends to spend the night with a professional co-respondent.  Somthing Astaire says makes her think he is the co-respondent, which puts her right off him.  Fortunately the real co-respondent, a diminutive Italian, turns up (&quot;your wife is safe with Tonetti,he prefer spaghetti&quot;) and the mystery is sorted out.  But what will happen when Ginger's husband arrives the next morning?  will she get her divorce.  This is a wonderful film, with a silly but extremley funny plot, and some wonderful dialogue, particularly between Horton and Brady, who somehow manage to end up married to each other, much to their surprise.  An absolutely delightful film
 This DVD set was outstanding.  The 5th and 6th seasons of Seinfeld were at the height of the show.  Great extras!
 The Legend of Zelda: Complete Animated Series sits high up on the forgotten mountain of what children's cartoon should be, right there with "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles," "Street Sharks," and "Recess." The Legend of Zelda was (and still is) such an exceptional video game series for all ages, and the TV show followed in its footsteps. It combined pleasantly cartoony action and adventure with cheesy one-liners, and some jokes that still today make me laugh. "Lookin' good, Princess! 'Specially from THIS angle!" As children we see Link yell that to Zelda on a balcony below him and brush it off as the banter in between those amazing battle sequences. But later, that comment makes us young adults convulse with glee, and wonder how we ever missed it before.The Legend of Zelda: Complete Animated Series sits high up on the forgotten mountain of what children's cartoon should be, right there with "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles," "Street Sharks," and "Recess." The Legend of Zelda was (and still is) such an exceptional video game series for all ages, and the TV show followed in its footsteps. It combined pleasantly cartoony action and adventure with cheesy one-liners, and some jokes that still today make me laugh. "Lookin' good, Princess! 'Specially from THIS angle!" As children we see Link yell that to Zelda on a balcony below him and brush it off as the banter in between those amazing battle sequences. But later, that comment makes us young adults convulse with glee, and wonder how we ever missed it before.But the series is most enjoyable for those of us who faithfully stuck to the actual video game series. The implimentation of original 8-bit sound effects into the cartoon is an added bonus that draws us back for more. And waiting to see which classic Zelda enemy will cause Link and Zelda trouble next is just that much more fun (especially if you can name them).But the series is most enjoyable for those of us who faithfully stuck to the actual video game series. The implimentation of original 8-bit sound effects into the cartoon is an added bonus that draws us back for more. And waiting to see which classic Zelda enemy will cause Link and Zelda trouble next is just that much more fun (especially if you can name them).But by far the most fun thing about this show is waiting and praying for the day when Link can coax a kiss out of the lovely Princess. And they've come so close it almost made me angry when they got interrupted. Link tries so hard, and makes such an idiot out of himself trying, that you'd think he deserves a little action once in a while. but every time, no matter how he tries, he either messes up or is interrupted by Ganon's non-stop attempts to steal the Triforce.But by far the most fun thing about this show is waiting and praying for the day when Link can coax a kiss out of the lovely Princess. And they've come so close it almost made me angry when they got interrupted. Link tries so hard, and makes such an idiot out of himself trying, that you'd think he deserves a little action once in a while. but every time, no matter how he tries, he either messes up or is interrupted by Ganon's non-stop attempts to steal the Triforce.All in all, if you grew up with te Super Mario Super Show, and you're a Nintendo fan, you'll appreciate this show as much as you love to watch it
 This is really sweet adventurous romp with plenty of action and humor & I really enjoyed watching it.  I think it has great replay value & as one of the other reviewers noted you can just switch your brain into neutral and enjoy the silliness.  I found it more reminiscent of the old 60's films like 'Monte Carlo or Bust' or 'Those Magnificent men....'.  Jackie Chan rather than trying to take a leading role delights as the action-packed foil to 'Fillius Fogg' played with brilliant English reserve & self-deprecating humor by 'Steve Coogan'.  There's no comparison to the original & the film doesn't even try to copy.  Rather, it takes a silly story with silly character's puts them in silly situations and with quite considerable imagination and verve makes one of the nicest family action/adventure/comedy movies you'll see.  Because this isn't a typical 'Martial Arts' vehicle for 'Jackie Chan' I found that the fight scenes and stunts worked a whole lot better given the storyline.  Check out for instance the fight-scene in the Art-Gallery which goes to show why 'Jackie Chan' is probably the best Action/Comedy star in the world right now. There's much that's Chaplain/Keaton-like in his performance & all the stunts are more impressive because you know that he does most all his own stunts. The guest-stars are a nice treat to spot during the travels and again harkens back to the older comedies which used similar devices, most notably 'It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World' (What I think is the best Comedy ever & this is by no means a comparison).  Anyway 'Arnold Swarzenneger' in his awesomely bad wig was a hoot as a Turkish Prince no less (Possibly the poorest Arabian impression ever, which is of course why it works so well) and 'Rob Schneider' has the funniest guest spot as the smellier than smelly bum with poor career advice.  Miss 'Cecile de France' is a beautiful Comedy foil & manages to overcome a limited role to portray a luminous comic talent & I hope to see more from her.  You might expect the comedy in the film to be crude or obvious but I found a lot of it to be nicely restrained, this was in part due to great casting and what appeared to be great chemistry on set, check out the extras.  All in all a wonderfully attractive and relaxing family comedy/Action/Adventure with ne'er a slow moment and a well paced story that however familiar still manages to please on repeated viewing.  
 The main character, Lebowski, is a bum of a person living in Los Angeles who spends most of his time either doing nothing or bowling with characters played by John Goodman and Steve Buscemi. Suddenly Lebowski's life is changed when he is mistaken for another Lebowski who is much wealthier than he and who as gotten involved with a group of unsavory characters.The main character, Lebowski, is a bum of a person living in Los Angeles who spends most of his time either doing nothing or bowling with characters played by John Goodman and Steve Buscemi. Suddenly Lebowski's life is changed when he is mistaken for another Lebowski who is much wealthier than he and who as gotten involved with a group of unsavory characters.The plot evolves as many other Coen movies (Raising Arizona comes to mind) as we are introduced to more-and-more colorful characters and the plot gets more-and-more outrageous, yet somehow still seems real.The plot evolves as many other Coen movies (Raising Arizona comes to mind) as we are introduced to more-and-more colorful characters and the plot gets more-and-more outrageous, yet somehow still seems real.My favorite component of this film is the character played by John Goodman, a Polish Viet-nam veteran who converted to Judaism after marrying his ex-wife. He has a hair-brained plan to help Lebowski extricate himself from the mix-up mess and he doesn't bowl on Shabbos. He also baby-sits his ex-wife's Pomeranian when she goes out of town. My favorite component of this film is the character played by John Goodman, a Polish Viet-nam veteran who converted to Judaism after marrying his ex-wife. He has a hair-brained plan to help Lebowski extricate himself from the mix-up mess and he doesn't bowl on Shabbos. He also baby-sits his ex-wife's Pomeranian when she goes out of town. If you liked Raising Arizona you'll want to watch this movie over and over again
 "The Dude, that or, uh, His Dudeness, or, uh, Duder, or El Duderino if you're not into the whole brevity thing." Those are The Dude's immortal words he used to introduce himself to the other Jeffery Lebowski. You're probably thinking "What is he talking about, who is the other Jeffery Lebowski?", well I'll tell you in just a moment, I've just got some things to clear up first. Joel and Ethan Coen have made some of the most loved films of all time, and are one of the most criticly acclaimed film making duos/team of all time. These fellows bought you the cult favourite Blood Simple, the hillarious Raising Arizona, the decietful Millers Crossing, the crazy Barton Fink, The Hudsuckers Proxy, and the blood drenched Fargo, and now this, one of the finest films they've done, The Big Lebowski. Jeff Bridges is Jeffery Lebowski or in this case, The Dude. John Goodman plays the Vietnam veteran Walter, Steve Buscemi is not in it too often, but he plays the loveable Donnie. Let's just go through the character sketches(only The Dude's bowling pals)."The Dude, that or, uh, His Dudeness, or, uh, Duder, or El Duderino if you're not into the whole brevity thing." Those are The Dude's immortal words he used to introduce himself to the other Jeffery Lebowski. You're probably thinking "What is he talking about, who is the other Jeffery Lebowski?", well I'll tell you in just a moment, I've just got some things to clear up first. Joel and Ethan Coen have made some of the most loved films of all time, and are one of the most criticly acclaimed film making duos/team of all time. These fellows bought you the cult favourite Blood Simple, the hillarious Raising Arizona, the decietful Millers Crossing, the crazy Barton Fink, The Hudsuckers Proxy, and the blood drenched Fargo, and now this, one of the finest films they've done, The Big Lebowski. Jeff Bridges is Jeffery Lebowski or in this case, The Dude. John Goodman plays the Vietnam veteran Walter, Steve Buscemi is not in it too often, but he plays the loveable Donnie. Let's just go through the character sketches(only The Dude's bowling pals).Characters:The Big Lebowski's main character is The Dude, he lives in LA, he listens to Creedance Clearwater Revival, his favourite drink is a white russian, and he loves bowling. The film is set in, as we've established before, Los Angeles. The Dude is an average joe slacker who dresses in, as what you could say, 'the hippie who likes to surf clothing'. Sandals, shorts, crummy old shirts, jersey jackets(jackets that are jerseys),he never wears socks with his shoes(even in bowling shoes) and occasionly, glasses. Let's  also not forget his long hair that makes The Dude's image so legandary. The Dude's bowling buddies are Walter Sobchak, and Donny. Walter is a Vitnam veteran and refers everything to nam'. He mostly wears shorts, a shirt with a sleeveless jacket, hiking shoes, socks(obviously), and always, and I mean ALWAYS wears his aviator sun glasses. He also has sort of an army man buzz cut with a beard around his mouth. Donny, is a great bowler, whenever we see him bowl, he gets a strike, except for once later on(don't want to spoil anything). That's all we bassicly know about him except that he usually(when bowling) wears long pants, a bowling shirt tucked in and a haircut where is hair isn't too long or too short. He's a nice guy and is usually told to shut up by Walter because of his late involvement in conversations with The Dude and Walter.The Big Lebowski's main character is The Dude, he lives in LA, he listens to Creedance Clearwater Revival, his favourite drink is a white russian, and he loves bowling. The film is set in, as we've established before, Los Angeles. The Dude is an average joe slacker who dresses in, as what you could say, 'the hippie who likes to surf clothing'. Sandals, shorts, crummy old shirts, jersey jackets(jackets that are jerseys),he never wears socks with his shoes(even in bowling shoes) and occasionly, glasses. Let's  also not forget his long hair that makes The Dude's image so legandary. The Dude's bowling buddies are Walter Sobchak, and Donny. Walter is a Vitnam veteran and refers everything to nam'. He mostly wears shorts, a shirt with a sleeveless jacket, hiking shoes, socks(obviously), and always, and I mean ALWAYS wears his aviator sun glasses. He also has sort of an army man buzz cut with a beard around his mouth. Donny, is a great bowler, whenever we see him bowl, he gets a strike, except for once later on(don't want to spoil anything). That's all we bassicly know about him except that he usually(when bowling) wears long pants, a bowling shirt tucked in and a haircut where is hair isn't too long or too short. He's a nice guy and is usually told to shut up by Walter because of his late involvement in conversations with The Dude and Walter.The plot:The movie kicks off with a man narrating. He has a Texan accent and talks about a man named Jeffery Lebowski who also goes by the name 'The Dude', and is the supposed storyteller of The Dude's story, but doesn't narrate until later on. As he narrates we see The Dude in a grocery store in his sandals and the previous statements I made of the clothes he wears, he's looking at milk and tests one of them to see if it's sour, he later arrives home with his purchased milk but is surprised by two thugs, they dunk his head in the toilet and are telling him to give them the money that Bunny owes them. They later realise that it's not the Jeffery Lebowski they're after, they've soiled The Dude's rug and they eventually leave, but The Dude wants to get to the man who they were supposed to get, this is the other Jeffery Lebowski I was talking about and is the millionaire Lebowski, he's bassicly the title's name "The Big Lebowski". The Dude pitches up at the millionaire's mansion and attempts to get a free carpet in exchange for what the thugs were supposed to do to The Big Lebowski's carpet. He eventually get's what he wants but is then later called by Jeffery Lebowski to drop off money to kidnappers who kidnapped his trophy wife Bunny. To cut this short, the film is about The Dude trying to get Bunny back to Jeffery Lebowski, and how he has to deal with other problems that Jeffery Lebowski has, because people come looking after him because of the same name he shares with the millionaire Lebowski. The drop off of the kidnapping leads to all of his other problems. Walter is told about the ransom money by The Dude and decides that The Dude and himself should keep the money instead, because Walter thinks that Bunny kidnapped herself. Walter gives the kidnappers a bag full of dirty laundry that he had, so they keep the money in the car when they go bowling, as they come out, his car is gone. So they have to get the money back without Jeffery Lebowski knowing.The movie kicks off with a man narrating. He has a Texan accent and talks about a man named Jeffery Lebowski who also goes by the name 'The Dude', and is the supposed storyteller of The Dude's story, but doesn't narrate until later on. As he narrates we see The Dude in a grocery store in his sandals and the previous statements I made of the clothes he wears, he's looking at milk and tests one of them to see if it's sour, he later arrives home with his purchased milk but is surprised by two thugs, they dunk his head in the toilet and are telling him to give them the money that Bunny owes them. They later realise that it's not the Jeffery Lebowski they're after, they've soiled The Dude's rug and they eventually leave, but The Dude wants to get to the man who they were supposed to get, this is the other Jeffery Lebowski I was talking about and is the millionaire Lebowski, he's bassicly the title's name "The Big Lebowski". The Dude pitches up at the millionaire's mansion and attempts to get a free carpet in exchange for what the thugs were supposed to do to The Big Lebowski's carpet. He eventually get's what he wants but is then later called by Jeffery Lebowski to drop off money to kidnappers who kidnapped his trophy wife Bunny. To cut this short, the film is about The Dude trying to get Bunny back to Jeffery Lebowski, and how he has to deal with other problems that Jeffery Lebowski has, because people come looking after him because of the same name he shares with the millionaire Lebowski. The drop off of the kidnapping leads to all of his other problems. Walter is told about the ransom money by The Dude and decides that The Dude and himself should keep the money instead, because Walter thinks that Bunny kidnapped herself. Walter gives the kidnappers a bag full of dirty laundry that he had, so they keep the money in the car when they go bowling, as they come out, his car is gone. So they have to get the money back without Jeffery Lebowski knowing.The film is hilarious, but that doesn't mean that it's just a normal movie, it's stunnig. The dialogue is sharp and witty, although there's alot of swearing, that doesn't mean the humour is just fowl mouthed, it's hillarious, some of the lines go down in history as some of the funniest one liners ever. The Coen's writing here is as good as ever, with excelently written and thought out characters. Jeff Bridges and John Goodman are absolutely hilarious, they're definately the funniest characters in this movie(Jesus is also funny), and make you wish the film would never end. The other things that are worth watching the film for are the acid trip sequences and the absolutely incredible vintage rock soundtrack.The film is hilarious, but that doesn't mean that it's just a normal movie, it's stunnig. The dialogue is sharp and witty, although there's alot of swearing, that doesn't mean the humour is just fowl mouthed, it's hillarious, some of the lines go down in history as some of the funniest one liners ever. The Coen's writing here is as good as ever, with excelently written and thought out characters. Jeff Bridges and John Goodman are absolutely hilarious, they're definately the funniest characters in this movie(Jesus is also funny), and make you wish the film would never end. The other things that are worth watching the film for are the acid trip sequences and the absolutely incredible vintage rock soundtrack.This is a comedy lover's dream come true. If you love the Coens and excellent snappy humour then this is a must have for you. even you don't know the Coens too well or even comedy, then here's a film too start with. Just buy this now, or soon, or whenever you have a split second of a chance to buy it.This is a comedy lover's dream come true. If you love the Coens and excellent snappy humour then this is a must have for you. even you don't know the Coens too well or even comedy, then here's a film too start with. Just buy this now, or soon, or whenever you have a split second of a chance to buy it.I can't tell you what the special features are on this disc, because I have the region 2 edition. This one most probably has the same trailer my one has. So if it's the same as the region 2 features, then it's got absolutely no good special features worth writing about
 I was a teenager in the 80's, so I love all of the old 80's teen movies, but Some Kind of Wonderful makes my top three. The performances were believable - the actors became the characters, not the other way around. Eric Stoltz is a level headed mechanic from the wrong side of the tracks (literally) who wants to pursue art instead of business. Mary Stuart Masterson is his best friend, a tomboy drummer who is secretly in love with him. Lea Thompson is the beautiful girl from their neighborhood who made it into the inner circle of popular rich kids on the basis of her beauty - and her boyfriend. Craig Scheffer is the rich bully boyfriend - and the only off note. I was a teenager in the 80's, so I love all of the old 80's teen movies, but Some Kind of Wonderful makes my top three. The performances were believable - the actors became the characters, not the other way around. Eric Stoltz is a level headed mechanic from the wrong side of the tracks (literally) who wants to pursue art instead of business. Mary Stuart Masterson is his best friend, a tomboy drummer who is secretly in love with him. Lea Thompson is the beautiful girl from their neighborhood who made it into the inner circle of popular rich kids on the basis of her beauty - and her boyfriend. Craig Scheffer is the rich bully boyfriend - and the only off note. Keith (Eric Stoltz) is interested in Amanda (Lea Thompson) and takes the opportunity to ask her out when she breaks up with her boyfriend. To spite the boyfriend, she says yes. Watts (Mary Stuart Masterson) predicts trouble and their friendship is tested. My favorite line from the movie is when Keith defends Amanda, claiming, "You can't judge a book by its cover." Watts cynically replies, "Yeah, but you can tell how much it's gonna cost." Finally Watts agrees to help Keith prepare for the date, including helping him "practice kissing" - and it's a doozy of a kiss.Keith (Eric Stoltz) is interested in Amanda (Lea Thompson) and takes the opportunity to ask her out when she breaks up with her boyfriend. To spite the boyfriend, she says yes. Watts (Mary Stuart Masterson) predicts trouble and their friendship is tested. My favorite line from the movie is when Keith defends Amanda, claiming, "You can't judge a book by its cover." Watts cynically replies, "Yeah, but you can tell how much it's gonna cost." Finally Watts agrees to help Keith prepare for the date, including helping him "practice kissing" - and it's a doozy of a kiss.Throw in John Ashton as Keith's father, Maddie Corman as his meddlesome sister, and Elias Koteas as the scary guy Keith befriends in detention, and you have a "wonderful" movie
 Based on historical events which are still poorly undertsood, this movie depicts Werner Heisenberg and Niels Bohr - the titans of quantum mechanics in its halcyon days during the 1920s and 1930s - caught in an encounter which is a loose human analogy to Heisenberg's famous uncertainty principle (which demonstrates mathematically that you cannot know both the exact speed and position of a single electron). Drawing from the Tony Award-winning play by Michael Frayn (who also wrote Noises Off), the movie revolves around the dialogue between these two men (sometimes together with Bohr's wife) who meet in Copenhagen in 1942 when Heisenberg, the German, who has been placed within the scientific research progam of the Nazis in their quest to build a nuclear bomb, visits his mentor and colleague Bohr, the Dane who is living through Nazi occupation of his native land. There are deep unresolved questions about the motives of Heisenberg which the characters try to resolve in a series of talks and walks through the same park where the two physicists previoulsy stolled to debate the ideas which came to form the foundation of quantum physics. Set against a piano score which resonates with the inner sense of uncertainty and suspicion in the dialogue, the movie achieves some the things that the big stage does not allow, including flashbacks and scenes ranging back and forth between the park and Bohr's home. [Note: I enjoyed the movie as much as the play]. In an era where cinematic palates seem titillated mostly by fast action thrillers, this movie is another example of how well constructed dialogue makes for gripping cinematic drama when it goes hand in hand with superb casting and performance
 I enjoyed the first season and got it. Eagerly awaiting season 2. See it for sale overseas in the UK but not here? Tough waiting so long...sigh. I can do other formats besides North America but it's a pain. C'mon guys, I'd rather spend the money here.
 The Grapes of Wrath is a great movie, perhaps one of the best I have ever seen. However, having read the book, I notice that some of the most interesting parts of the story have been left out. By taking out these crucial, yet quiet scenes; the movie has a faster pace than the book.The Grapes of Wrath is a great movie, perhaps one of the best I have ever seen. However, having read the book, I notice that some of the most interesting parts of the story have been left out. By taking out these crucial, yet quiet scenes; the movie has a faster pace than the book.In the movie, Grandpa died suddenly. The only explanation for his death was that he had a stroke. In the book, the preacher, Casy, explained to the family members that the old man could not leave his land, his home and his way of life. Casy explained that Grandpa was spiritually dead when he left his house, and it did not take long for his body to also die. This shows the great sacrifice that the Joads must make in order to survive. In the movie, it just seems that they pack up, leave, and arrive, without any moral dilemmas. Grandpa dies in another family's tent, not just on a blanket by the road. This is important because in the book it symbolizes the way people have to help one another in times of need. In the movie, Grandpa died suddenly. The only explanation for his death was that he had a stroke. In the book, the preacher, Casy, explained to the family members that the old man could not leave his land, his home and his way of life. Casy explained that Grandpa was spiritually dead when he left his house, and it did not take long for his body to also die. This shows the great sacrifice that the Joads must make in order to survive. In the movie, it just seems that they pack up, leave, and arrive, without any moral dilemmas. Grandpa dies in another family's tent, not just on a blanket by the road. This is important because in the book it symbolizes the way people have to help one another in times of need. In the scenes in California, the pace slows down a bit, so I can feel the details of the book surface in the movie. With the events leading up to Casy's death crisp and clear, I could understand his death as brutal murder, and Tom's speech about him carrying on Casy's work beautifully taken from the book. I really loved these scenes, because unlike most of the movie, these scenes do remain true to the book, and because of that, they are full of detail, and you can see the hand of Steinbeck at work.In the scenes in California, the pace slows down a bit, so I can feel the details of the book surface in the movie. With the events leading up to Casy's death crisp and clear, I could understand his death as brutal murder, and Tom's speech about him carrying on Casy's work beautifully taken from the book. I really loved these scenes, because unlike most of the movie, these scenes do remain true to the book, and because of that, they are full of detail, and you can see the hand of Steinbeck at work.Despite all of these forgotten scenes, the Grapes of Wrath is one of the best movies of all time
 Why does title always seem to be ommitted from any bond collection release? Connery in a remake of Thunderball....  Is this not a relesae by the same production company?  It is a MGM release, so why doesn't it ever get included?  Any light that can be shed would be greatly appreciated..
 There simply is no more controversial architect in the world today than Frank Gehry and people have very strong opinions about his work.  He has both his passionate lovers and haters.  I am one of the very few who is somewhat in the middle.  I really love some of his work, while I find some of his work to be quite off putting.  The person in the film who probably got it better than anyone is a sympathizer of Gehry's work, art critic Claude Jencks (the person who popularized the term "postmodern").  Jencks, for whose deceased wife Gehry designed a memorial building, states bluntly that Gehry has made some ugly buildings.  I think with Gehry more than most architects, one must give oneself the freedom to hate or love his individual buildings without inhibition.  Whatever else one may say about Gehry, he isn't like other architects.There simply is no more controversial architect in the world today than Frank Gehry and people have very strong opinions about his work.  He has both his passionate lovers and haters.  I am one of the very few who is somewhat in the middle.  I really love some of his work, while I find some of his work to be quite off putting.  The person in the film who probably got it better than anyone is a sympathizer of Gehry's work, art critic Claude Jencks (the person who popularized the term "postmodern").  Jencks, for whose deceased wife Gehry designed a memorial building, states bluntly that Gehry has made some ugly buildings.  I think with Gehry more than most architects, one must give oneself the freedom to hate or love his individual buildings without inhibition.  Whatever else one may say about Gehry, he isn't like other architects.One reviewer below called this a "puff piece," but that isn't really correct.  It is more correct to call it a conversation with a friend.  Gehry asked his close friend, the mainstream director Sydney Pollack, to make a documentary of his work.  The result is a fine portrait of Gehry's career.  Pollack certainly does not criticize his work, but interestingly he does not over praise it either.  They do call attention to the fact that many simply don't like his work and the film contains numerous excerpts from one of Gehry's more vociferous and respected critics, Hal Foster.  But the point of the film is not to provide an objective and critical overview of Frank Gehry's work.  The point is to get to know Frank Gehry and some of his ideas about architecture.  In this the film succeeds marvelously.One reviewer below called this a "puff piece," but that isn't really correct.  It is more correct to call it a conversation with a friend.  Gehry asked his close friend, the mainstream director Sydney Pollack, to make a documentary of his work.  The result is a fine portrait of Gehry's career.  Pollack certainly does not criticize his work, but interestingly he does not over praise it either.  They do call attention to the fact that many simply don't like his work and the film contains numerous excerpts from one of Gehry's more vociferous and respected critics, Hal Foster.  But the point of the film is not to provide an objective and critical overview of Frank Gehry's work.  The point is to get to know Frank Gehry and some of his ideas about architecture.  In this the film succeeds marvelously.If one watches a number of documentaries about architects, one thing that is striking is how many of them are enormously likable individuals.  For every irascible Frank Lloyd Wright there are ten you'd love to sit down and have a beer with.  Much like I. M. Pei, Frank Gehry comes across as an immensely likable guy in this film.  Perhaps away from his friend's camera he is an implacable tyrant, but those qualities, if they exist, are not apparent here.  Instead, he comes across as a genuinely nice guy.  In fact, a couple of the individuals interviewed stress that as laid back as Gehry is, he really does have an ego.  I don't think I've ever heard a person in the creative field have anyone insist that appearance aside, they really do have an ego.  In the vast majority of cases, that is all too apparent.If one watches a number of documentaries about architects, one thing that is striking is how many of them are enormously likable individuals.  For every irascible Frank Lloyd Wright there are ten you'd love to sit down and have a beer with.  Much like I. M. Pei, Frank Gehry comes across as an immensely likable guy in this film.  Perhaps away from his friend's camera he is an implacable tyrant, but those qualities, if they exist, are not apparent here.  Instead, he comes across as a genuinely nice guy.  In fact, a couple of the individuals interviewed stress that as laid back as Gehry is, he really does have an ego.  I don't think I've ever heard a person in the creative field have anyone insist that appearance aside, they really do have an ego.  In the vast majority of cases, that is all too apparent.I found it interesting to see the shots of Gehry and either of his design partners working with him on designs.  If you are accustomed to think of architecture as akin to drafting, watching Gehry work is a bit of a shock.  He doesn't design so much as sculpt.  He and his partners look like a couple of extremely mature kindergartners with scissors and paper as they cut, bend, shape, snip, and play with variations on the model they are struggling with.  There is apparently little or no concern with the particular materials to be used.  He seems rather to struggle with the kind of overall shape, with the assumption that with today's materials any kind of design can be turned into a reality.  The film really brings out how Gehry's own conception of architecture is much closer to sculpture than to engineering.I found it interesting to see the shots of Gehry and either of his design partners working with him on designs.  If you are accustomed to think of architecture as akin to drafting, watching Gehry work is a bit of a shock.  He doesn't design so much as sculpt.  He and his partners look like a couple of extremely mature kindergartners with scissors and paper as they cut, bend, shape, snip, and play with variations on the model they are struggling with.  There is apparently little or no concern with the particular materials to be used.  He seems rather to struggle with the kind of overall shape, with the assumption that with today's materials any kind of design can be turned into a reality.  The film really brings out how Gehry's own conception of architecture is much closer to sculpture than to engineering.As a resident of Chicago, a city noted for his importance to twentieth century architecture, it has been amazing to realize how little of his work has been done here.  In fact, apart from his controversial (what else?) work in Millennium Park, I'm not aware of anything else he has done here.  As a result, I have less direct experience with Gehry's work than many other leading architects.  I must confess that much of what I see appears to be fascinating.  I would, for instance, absolutely love to see his Bilbao museum.  But there is one aspect to Gehry's work that I really applaud:  its emphasis on individualism.  One criticism of much architecture has been its essential conservativism.  Much of it espouses nonegalitarian and conformist values.  One sees exceptions, such as Louis Sullivan's refusal to put box seats in his Chicago Auditorium design.  If one looks at a Gehry design, it is hard to imagine it ever becoming the style of choice of a repressionistic, totalitarian regime.  It is too individualistic, too anarchic for that.  Even such a free spirit as Louis Kahn still designed the capitol of Bangladesh.  But it is simply impossible to imagine Frank Gehry designing a capitol.As a resident of Chicago, a city noted for his importance to twentieth century architecture, it has been amazing to realize how little of his work has been done here.  In fact, apart from his controversial (what else?) work in Millennium Park, I'm not aware of anything else he has done here.  As a result, I have less direct experience with Gehry's work than many other leading architects.  I must confess that much of what I see appears to be fascinating.  I would, for instance, absolutely love to see his Bilbao museum.  But there is one aspect to Gehry's work that I really applaud:  its emphasis on individualism.  One criticism of much architecture has been its essential conservativism.  Much of it espouses nonegalitarian and conformist values.  One sees exceptions, such as Louis Sullivan's refusal to put box seats in his Chicago Auditorium design.  If one looks at a Gehry design, it is hard to imagine it ever becoming the style of choice of a repressionistic, totalitarian regime.  It is too individualistic, too anarchic for that.  Even such a free spirit as Louis Kahn still designed the capitol of Bangladesh.  But it is simply impossible to imagine Frank Gehry designing a capitol.I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.  I came away from it with a greater liking for Frank Gehry as a person than I had anticipated.  And perhaps I will in the future be more inclined to appreciate his designs.  He may not be the greatest of our architects, but he certainly is one of our more likable free spirits
 We LOVE these movies!  They entertain the child as well as the adult!  We went through a period where we watched these every night before bed!  Much better than the Baby Einstein Collection!  We've made this our designated baby shower gift!  Everyone should have a copy!  They are good for parents as a stress relief.  You don't even need to watch them, just have them playing in the background, the music is absolutely wonderful.  I love when I catch my kids humming the music as they are playing.  Perfect for any age, boy or girl!  Thank you HBO
 I loved the movie it has a lot of hidden symbols, like Almodovar is accustomed to doing.  However, the music was the best
 Warner has been doing a magnificent job of using the latest picture resolution process to restore and/or polish up their best movies; and again they do not disappoint! Warner Home Video truly hits a home run and does the incredible with this boxed set of five of the greatest musicals of all time! The set is well presented with excellent digital transfer, wonderful sound and a bevy of sublime extras.Warner has been doing a magnificent job of using the latest picture resolution process to restore and/or polish up their best movies; and again they do not disappoint! Warner Home Video truly hits a home run and does the incredible with this boxed set of five of the greatest musicals of all time! The set is well presented with excellent digital transfer, wonderful sound and a bevy of sublime extras.The Band Wagon (which itself is a two DVD special edition) stars Fred Astaire as an older entertainer trying to be successful again in show business. Things do not go well: he doesn't like the director; there aren't fancy dance scenes that he prefers to perform and he has to dance with a ballerina! The show is unpopular and Fred's character Tony Hunter saves the day using his superior technique and know-how. The extras are wonderful! Liza Minnelli (whose Dad, Vincente Minnelli, did an excellent job as director of the picture) and Michael Feinstein provide an engaging commentary. There are also two documentaries: "Get Aboard! The Band Wagon" about the making of the movie and an older expose entitled "The Men Who Made the Movies: Vincente Minnelli." You won't regret these-they are excellent and very informative! SMILE There's also the outtake musical number of Two Faced Women. Very good! For Astaire fans there's an Astaire trailer collection and even a musical short of Jack Buchanan with the Glee Quartet. I was particularly pleased with the fine commentary Liza Minnelli and Michael Feinstein give here.The Band Wagon (which itself is a two DVD special edition) stars Fred Astaire as an older entertainer trying to be successful again in show business. Things do not go well: he doesn't like the director; there aren't fancy dance scenes that he prefers to perform and he has to dance with a ballerina! The show is unpopular and Fred's character Tony Hunter saves the day using his superior technique and know-how. The extras are wonderful! Liza Minnelli (whose Dad, Vincente Minnelli, did an excellent job as director of the picture) and Michael Feinstein provide an engaging commentary. There are also two documentaries: "Get Aboard! The Band Wagon" about the making of the movie and an older expose entitled "The Men Who Made the Movies: Vincente Minnelli." You won't regret these-they are excellent and very informative! SMILE There's also the outtake musical number of Two Faced Women. Very good! For Astaire fans there's an Astaire trailer collection and even a musical short of Jack Buchanan with the Glee Quartet. I was particularly pleased with the fine commentary Liza Minnelli and Michael Feinstein give here.The other two disc special edition is of the MGM classic Easter Parade. Wow! This has always been one of my very favorite musicals. The acting and the chemistry between Astaire playing the professional dancer and Judy Garland playing Hannah Brown his at first unlikely dance partner-and eventually romantic partner-is nothing short of excellent and captivating! Ann Miller turns in a great performance as the dancer who leaves Fred's character to try to get even further ahead in her career. The digital quality of the video and the sound are both excellent. There's a documentary of the making of this movie and a particular favorite of mine is the American Masters documentary profile: "Judy Garland: By Myself" put out only with the essential effort of my friend John Fricke. (The American Masters documentary won more than just one Emmy, making this a particularly valuable extra! John won one of the Emmys for this; he is the leading Garland biographer who wrote several books on Judy.) John worked so hard on this profile! John's fine commentary along with Ava Astaire (Fred Astaire's daughter) proves to be an excellent resource for reliable information about this film and Judy. You also get the outtake musical number "Mr. Monotony." There's a Judy Garland trailer collection and some promotions for the original film are provided. Wow! A fine two disc set in and of itself. The other two disc special edition is of the MGM classic Easter Parade. Wow! This has always been one of my very favorite musicals. The acting and the chemistry between Astaire playing the professional dancer and Judy Garland playing Hannah Brown his at first unlikely dance partner-and eventually romantic partner-is nothing short of excellent and captivating! Ann Miller turns in a great performance as the dancer who leaves Fred's character to try to get even further ahead in her career. The digital quality of the video and the sound are both excellent. There's a documentary of the making of this movie and a particular favorite of mine is the American Masters documentary profile: "Judy Garland: By Myself" put out only with the essential effort of my friend John Fricke. (The American Masters documentary won more than just one Emmy, making this a particularly valuable extra! John won one of the Emmys for this; he is the leading Garland biographer who wrote several books on Judy.) John worked so hard on this profile! John's fine commentary along with Ava Astaire (Fred Astaire's daughter) proves to be an excellent resource for reliable information about this film and Judy. You also get the outtake musical number "Mr. Monotony." There's a Judy Garland trailer collection and some promotions for the original film are provided. Wow! A fine two disc set in and of itself. Bells Are Ringing is Judy Holliday's last performance; she plays a worker at a telephone answering service who gets overly involved with her client's personal lives. Jean Stapleton, a favorite actress of mine (from All In The Family as Edith) is in this picture as well. This picture was nominated for an Oscar for Best Scoring of a Musical Picture and the song "Just In Time" is certainly one good reason why! Outtake musical numbers include "Is It a Crime?" and "My Guiding Star." The digital transfer is again excellent and the sound quality is excellent. This is definitely a classic musical.Bells Are Ringing is Judy Holliday's last performance; she plays a worker at a telephone answering service who gets overly involved with her client's personal lives. Jean Stapleton, a favorite actress of mine (from All In The Family as Edith) is in this picture as well. This picture was nominated for an Oscar for Best Scoring of a Musical Picture and the song "Just In Time" is certainly one good reason why! Outtake musical numbers include "Is It a Crime?" and "My Guiding Star." The digital transfer is again excellent and the sound quality is excellent. This is definitely a classic musical.Brigadoon boasts a wonderful musical score by Lerner and Lowe. The principle cast is only the best: Gene Kelly, Van Johnson and Cyd Charisse. An adventurous American suddenly uncovers a magical Scottish town which is only visible one day a century! Does he stay there and perhaps experience a fine true love; or should he return to his life as it is? Quite the dilemma! There are three musical outtakes you want to look at: "Come to Me Bend to Me," "From This Day On," and "Sword Dance." An audio outtake and a brand new digital transfer make this a fine addition to the box set as well as your DVD collection.Brigadoon boasts a wonderful musical score by Lerner and Lowe. The principle cast is only the best: Gene Kelly, Van Johnson and Cyd Charisse. An adventurous American suddenly uncovers a magical Scottish town which is only visible one day a century! Does he stay there and perhaps experience a fine true love; or should he return to his life as it is? Quite the dilemma! There are three musical outtakes you want to look at: "Come to Me Bend to Me," "From This Day On," and "Sword Dance." An audio outtake and a brand new digital transfer make this a fine addition to the box set as well as your DVD collection.Last, but certainly not least, is Finian's Rainbow. A wonderful fanciful musical, this film stars Fred Astaire in his final full length performance as Finian McLonergan. Somehow Finian steals a pot of gold from Og the leprechaun. Finian and his daughter Sharon (the lovely Petula Clark) go to America (as does Og) and use their powers to overcome a rather prejudiced senator. Not only are the musical numbers excellent; the cinematography is superlative and the ending is a happy one! There is an excellent commentary by director Francis Ford Coppola and a cute feature on the film's premiere. Last, but certainly not least, is Finian's Rainbow. A wonderful fanciful musical, this film stars Fred Astaire in his final full length performance as Finian McLonergan. Somehow Finian steals a pot of gold from Og the leprechaun. Finian and his daughter Sharon (the lovely Petula Clark) go to America (as does Og) and use their powers to overcome a rather prejudiced senator. Not only are the musical numbers excellent; the cinematography is superlative and the ending is a happy one! There is an excellent commentary by director Francis Ford Coppola and a cute feature on the film's premiere. All in all, this is clearly one of the best boxed sets of supremely fine great musicals and it is very reasonably priced. For me personally this set was an easy decision-it is already in my personal DVD collection! I highly recommend this boxed set for fans of the great American musicals as well as all patrons of the arts. This is also a solid introduction to some of the quality musicals produced on film to date. Equally important, the hard work and effort everyone put into the seemingly countless extras is superlative. 
 The Great Dictator is a film that took such courage from the star and director, Charlie Chaplin. The movie was filmed and released at the beginnings of World War 2 and at the rise of the Nazi party. The similarities between dictator Adolf Hitler and the comedic genius that is Charlie Chaplin is quite interesting: both sported the small mustache and were born in the same year, same month, in the same week. Chaplin took a serious approach when spoofing Hitler for this film; he viewed many news reels and studied his technique before making it funny on film. The Great Dictator has the ability to tug at your heart and make you laugh until you cry. The music is gorgeous and the writing is superb. Though some scenes do drag a bit, most of it flows smoothly. Perhaps the most famous scene in the movie is the final speech given by Chaplin. It is just him staring at the camera, and nothing stops him from saying what he feels.Movie buffs have to see this film. The Great Dictator is a beautiful presentation that showcases the cinema genius of Charlie Chaplin
 Every film in this collection is a gem. Annie Hall and Manhattan are both top notch, followed by Bananas, Everything you wanted to Know about Sex, Sleeper...heck, even Interiors was such a radical departure its worth seeing at least once or twice. But to me the real diamonds in the rough of this set are Stardust Memories and Love and Death. These two films are probably Woody's least talked about, but really, I think they are both fantastic films. Love and Death is full of the witty one liners and pratfalls that were prevelant in his &quot;earlier, funnier&quot; works... but you can see in the dialogue of Love and Death that Woody was maturing. And Stardust Memories, my favorite Woody film. This film says so much for anyone who fancies themselves an &quot;artist&quot; who is trying to figure out what they want to say...and how to say it. Maybe my one beef is the lack of extras on these DVD's... but for the money, you can't beat the price of this set
 these movies are beautiful and intense, one of those you must watch and enjo
 If you're looking for a silly movie with no content, this is not a collection for you. The series is a great insight to a range of human emotions and finding your true self. I recommend it to anybody who loves good movies. Just beware. This set has english subtitles, so if you don't like that you can think twice before commiting to a purchase
 I DON`T LIKE IT A WHOLE LOT,BUT IT`S PRETTY GOOD!I LIKED THE OLDER ELMO MOVIES BETTER THAN THIS ONE
 I DON`T LIKE IT A WHOLE LOT,BUT IT`S PRETTY GOOD!I LIKED THE OLDER ELMO MOVIES BETTER THAN THIS ONEThe answer is No Deal!The answer is No Deal!In Ruthless People Danny DeVito is great as Sam and Bette Midler as  Barbara is terrific buttogether they are a miserable couple. Sam, who has a girlfriend, Carol, wants out of the marriage but,doesn't want it to cost him anything. When he learns that Barbara has been kidnapped, he thinks he has it made!By not agreeing to pay the ransom amount, no matter how little that might be, he counts on the kidnappersto save him from paying alimony by bumping Barbara off! The bumbling kidnappers are Ken and Sandy, adeptly played by Judge Reinhold and Helen Slater.They have a grudge against Sam who stole their dress design and made a mint.They are astounded when, after giving Sam their demands, he emphatically says, 'No Deal' and hangs up on them.In desperation they lower the amount. Sam still says, 'No Deal'! Barbara learns Sam has refused to pay the ransom not once but twice!She is furious and can't believe that she has been marked down like clothes on a sale rack!She is furious and can't believe that she has been marked down like clothes on a sale rack!Barbara and Sandy create a bond when Barbara, through a better diet and exercise, has lost weightand needs different size clothes and Sandy provides her with clothing she has designed.Barbara loves the designs and they decide to form a partnership.Their first agenda being Sam and the second developing a clothing line.The plot thickens when the police become involved, thanks to Carol. As suspicion focuses on Sam,he is forced to come up with the ransom to clear himself!he is forced to come up with the ransom to clear himself!Fuming, he gets the money and drops it off counting on the police to arrest the kidnappersand retrieve his money. The drop off does not go well. A car chase ensues!And then what happens next is . . . hmmm  . . . let's just say Sam's fortune takes a dive
 I'm not one to go in length about films on Amazon, but I'll write a short little bit for this amazing film. I first saw this 10 years ago when I was in my teens and have never forgotten it, it really touched something inside of me, much like a great piece of art would affect you after seeing it up close for the first time.
 Hal Hartley never fails to entertain, never fails to engage my mind and emotions on a parallel level.  Simple Men is no exception.  The seemingly simple plot - two brothers in search of their missing dad - provides so much room for character growth that I wish there were an entire series of films centered around them.  Hal Hartley never fails to entertain, never fails to engage my mind and emotions on a parallel level.  Simple Men is no exception.  The seemingly simple plot - two brothers in search of their missing dad - provides so much room for character growth that I wish there were an entire series of films centered around them.  With a hard-edged view of the world as: "There's no such thing as adventure. There's no such thing as romance. There's only trouble and desire" (actually from a Fritz Lang movie of the 1920's) there's plenty going on to both prove and disprove Hartley's ambivalent theories.With a hard-edged view of the world as: "There's no such thing as adventure. There's no such thing as romance. There's only trouble and desire" (actually from a Fritz Lang movie of the 1920's) there's plenty going on to both prove and disprove Hartley's ambivalent theories.Simple Men also formally introduces us to the absolutely delicious Elena Lwensohn.  In one of the coolest and hottest scenes in all of cinema we get to watch her bizarre 50's beatnik-style dance to Sonic Youth's "Kool thing."  Then joined by the two lost soul brothers it turns into an unlikely production number.  Simple Men also formally introduces us to the absolutely delicious Elena Lwensohn.  In one of the coolest and hottest scenes in all of cinema we get to watch her bizarre 50's beatnik-style dance to Sonic Youth's "Kool thing."  Then joined by the two lost soul brothers it turns into an unlikely production number.  Many dismiss this film, and Hartley as unwatchable or trivial and miss the point.  What is amazing about Hartley is that he takes the seemingly trivial and elevates it to a level of art that, once seen, reflects our lives on every level from brilliance to the inane.  Many dismiss this film, and Hartley as unwatchable or trivial and miss the point.  What is amazing about Hartley is that he takes the seemingly trivial and elevates it to a level of art that, once seen, reflects our lives on every level from brilliance to the inane.  Simple Men is pure cinematic delight.  Simple Men is pure cinematic delight.  Hooray for Hartley
 Not being familiar with yoga, I chose this DVD because of Rodney Yee's reputation and the low cost.  What I found was an easy to follow workout that makes you feel relaxed, and yet energized, after the first session.  There are no bells or whistles, just a great workout.  I've purchases two other titles in the series, Power Yoga - Strength and Power Yoga - Stamina, and I switch off each workout.  Some of the moves are more difficult than others, but it gives you something to work up to.  If I couldn't do a stretch, I would go as far as I could and hold it. It was a great feeling when I was finally able to stand in a pose or do a stretch that initailly I was unable to do.  Aside from these video's, the only equipment that you need is a mat which is extremely important to prevent slipping and back pain...  I DO know this for a fact. 
 If you love Adam Sandler's comedy, you'll adore this outstanding SNL compilation of the Best of Adam Sandler. It features all his best skits, and outlines how great and wonderfully talented this actor/comedian is. Also featured in this DVD are skits with the great Chris Farley, Mike Myers, and other great SNL stars.If you love Adam Sandler's comedy, you'll adore this outstanding SNL compilation of the Best of Adam Sandler. It features all his best skits, and outlines how great and wonderfully talented this actor/comedian is. Also featured in this DVD are skits with the great Chris Farley, Mike Myers, and other great SNL stars.The only disappointment from this DVD is that it contains no special features.The only disappointment from this DVD is that it contains no special features.Best Skits:Best Skits:Zagats: This skit features Chris Farley and Adam Sandler playing an old couple who have to decide what restaurant they want to go to for their anniversary. This best displays Farley's comical brilliance, but we also get a great delivery from Sandler.Zagats: This skit features Chris Farley and Adam Sandler playing an old couple who have to decide what restaurant they want to go to for their anniversary. This best displays Farley's comical brilliance, but we also get a great delivery from Sandler.Opera Man: Always a classic in the field of SNL.Opera Man: Always a classic in the field of SNL.The Denise Show: A classic from Sandler, as he delivers a skit about an ex-girlfriend he can't forget about.The Denise Show: A classic from Sandler, as he delivers a skit about an ex-girlfriend he can't forget about.Schmidt's Gay: A hilarious commercial of a homo-erotic beer featuring Sandler and Farley.Schmidt's Gay: A hilarious commercial of a homo-erotic beer featuring Sandler and Farley.Overall, this is a must-buy for any Adam Sandler fan as it features some of the best SNL skits of all time
 When Daryl Deever (William Hurt) tells TV reporter Tony Sokolow (Sigourney Weaver) he knows more than he actually does about a murder in the building where he works as a janitor, he gets more than he bargained for. Deever is a good guy, smart enough but ambitious only on his own terms. He's sort of engaged to his best friend's sister, but he's had a crush on Sokolow for two years. When the man in the building gets his throat slit, Sokolow is one of the reporters on the scene. Deever sees a perfect chance to get to meet her, so he tells her he may know something. She goes after the story and he goes after her. Sokolow is not quite engaged to a dedicated, capable man known as Joseph (Christopher Plummer), who is good friends with Sokolow's parents. It becomes clear that her wealthy parents, their rich friends and Joseph are engaged in the shadowy business of buying illegal ways for Jews to escape from the Soviet Union and to journey to Israel. And it appears that the man killed may have had an involvement, too. Before long, the man's associates learn of Deever's gambit with Sokolow and go after them to find out who was behind the killing. More lethally, the real murderer learns of what Deever said to Sokolow and believes Deever might actually know something. He goes after Deever.When Daryl Deever (William Hurt) tells TV reporter Tony Sokolow (Sigourney Weaver) he knows more than he actually does about a murder in the building where he works as a janitor, he gets more than he bargained for. Deever is a good guy, smart enough but ambitious only on his own terms. He's sort of engaged to his best friend's sister, but he's had a crush on Sokolow for two years. When the man in the building gets his throat slit, Sokolow is one of the reporters on the scene. Deever sees a perfect chance to get to meet her, so he tells her he may know something. She goes after the story and he goes after her. Sokolow is not quite engaged to a dedicated, capable man known as Joseph (Christopher Plummer), who is good friends with Sokolow's parents. It becomes clear that her wealthy parents, their rich friends and Joseph are engaged in the shadowy business of buying illegal ways for Jews to escape from the Soviet Union and to journey to Israel. And it appears that the man killed may have had an involvement, too. Before long, the man's associates learn of Deever's gambit with Sokolow and go after them to find out who was behind the killing. More lethally, the real murderer learns of what Deever said to Sokolow and believes Deever might actually know something. He goes after Deever.This is a tight, well constructed murder mystery with two first-rate components. First is the romance which builds between the characters played by Hurt and Weaver. These two people are attractive and smart. Hurt, in particular, comes across as guileless but he's no one's patsy. The two are very likable. Second, the situation which develops poses some ethical questions. Grades of gray come into play; it wouldn't be accurate to say that the murderer is simply another bad guy.This is a tight, well constructed murder mystery with two first-rate components. First is the romance which builds between the characters played by Hurt and Weaver. These two people are attractive and smart. Hurt, in particular, comes across as guileless but he's no one's patsy. The two are very likable. Second, the situation which develops poses some ethical questions. Grades of gray come into play; it wouldn't be accurate to say that the murderer is simply another bad guy.The movie also features some first-rate actors besides Hurt and Weaver. There's Christopher Plummer who, as usual, brings so much assurance and nuance to his role; James Woods as the best friend, always a little off balance; Pamela Reed as Woods' sister; her mutual declaration of non-love with Hurt is very funny and appealing; Steven Hill and Morgan Freeman as the two cops assigned to the case; Kenneth McMillan as Hurt's father, angry and vulnerable; and Irene Worth and Albert Paulsen as Weaver's parents, people who love her but, especially the mother, always put responsibilities and obligations into the love. They all are very good.The movie also features some first-rate actors besides Hurt and Weaver. There's Christopher Plummer who, as usual, brings so much assurance and nuance to his role; James Woods as the best friend, always a little off balance; Pamela Reed as Woods' sister; her mutual declaration of non-love with Hurt is very funny and appealing; Steven Hill and Morgan Freeman as the two cops assigned to the case; Kenneth McMillan as Hurt's father, angry and vulnerable; and Irene Worth and Albert Paulsen as Weaver's parents, people who love her but, especially the mother, always put responsibilities and obligations into the love. They all are very good.I like this movie a lot. The DVD picture looks fine. There are no extras to speak of
 Most people have a hard time adjusting to foreign films because reading subtitles and trying to watch the film is difficult.  That's why I love Melville's Le Samourai, not much speaking throughout the film equals minimal subtitles.  This film doesn't require many lines of speech.  The main character is an assassin who is hired to do a job and is rounded up by the police as a possible suspect.  While trying not to get arrested he is trying to find out who double crossed him.  My first Melville film and I loved it.  If you like this one you should also see Le Cercle Rouge and especially Bob Le Flambeur
 There isn't one wasted second in this film.  Not one!!!  You'll be sucked in, and surprised, within the first two minutes, and there's very little dialogue so you need not worry about too much subtitle reading.  You can tell there's a lot of influence from American film noir in this film, but "Le Samourai" takes it to a level of perfection.  I wish some of the folks that throw their good money towards bad modern action flicks would take the time to watch "Le Samourai" they just might discover a thing or two about how it could really be done.  Brilliant
  SPOILERS SPOILERS When Star Trek's production crew started falling behind in both schedule and budgets during the first season, they came up with the brilliant idea of using the unsold The Cage pilot as the basis for a two part episode. The result: One of the most important and brilliant Treks ever done! When Star Trek's production crew started falling behind in both schedule and budgets during the first season, they came up with the brilliant idea of using the unsold The Cage pilot as the basis for a two part episode. The result: One of the most important and brilliant Treks ever done!Everyone knows the basic plot by now: Spock kidnaps his crippled former Captain, and hijacks the Enterprise, and sets course for the one forbidden planet in all The Federation. He eventually is court-martialed en route, and presents as his evidence an unusally detailed account of the Enterprise's visit to Talos IV 13 years prior. Everyone knows the basic plot by now: Spock kidnaps his crippled former Captain, and hijacks the Enterprise, and sets course for the one forbidden planet in all The Federation. He eventually is court-martialed en route, and presents as his evidence an unusally detailed account of the Enterprise's visit to Talos IV 13 years prior. THIS is the episode which cements Spock's character forever: the supposedly emotionless Vulcan, who demonstrates more passion and loyalty than most humans. Leonard Nimoy's performance is one of his best as Spock : initially seeming as though Spock had gone crazy almost, kidnapping Pike, using false computer tapes and voices to convince people that the ship is under 'secret orders', all sorts of indications SOMEthing must be wrong with Spock...until after the Talosian's plan is revealed,where it is found THEY have been manipulating events all along, and Spock returns to his stoic self.....except..when leaving the briefing room with Pike for the last time, his head bowed, shoulders slumped.THIS is the episode which cements Spock's character forever: the supposedly emotionless Vulcan, who demonstrates more passion and loyalty than most humans. Leonard Nimoy's performance is one of his best as Spock : initially seeming as though Spock had gone crazy almost, kidnapping Pike, using false computer tapes and voices to convince people that the ship is under 'secret orders', all sorts of indications SOMEthing must be wrong with Spock...until after the Talosian's plan is revealed,where it is found THEY have been manipulating events all along, and Spock returns to his stoic self.....except..when leaving the briefing room with Pike for the last time, his head bowed, shoulders slumped.Shatner's understated performance in this has been sloughed off in some circles. I say :'unfair'...Frankly, it is PERFECT for the events - all during these events, Kirk acts rather stunned at all these events: His friend and 1st Officer has seemingly gone crazy and hijacked his ship, he almost dies going after him in a shutle, THEN he is releived of command for all of this! By the time the Talosians supposedly abandon Spock and forces the trial board to take a vote, even Kirk is convinced Spock should be put away.But..at the end..is able to smile when the Talosian shows him the 'rejuvenated' Pike happy again at last.Shatner's understated performance in this has been sloughed off in some circles. I say :'unfair'...Frankly, it is PERFECT for the events - all during these events, Kirk acts rather stunned at all these events: His friend and 1st Officer has seemingly gone crazy and hijacked his ship, he almost dies going after him in a shutle, THEN he is releived of command for all of this! By the time the Talosians supposedly abandon Spock and forces the trial board to take a vote, even Kirk is convinced Spock should be put away.But..at the end..is able to smile when the Talosian shows him the 'rejuvenated' Pike happy again at last.All of these performances are directed with care by Marc Daniels, the veteran TV director who was at the helm of the 'envelope'. They make an deliberate  point of cutting to the more mature, unemotional Spock during the famous 'laughing' scene,and you can ALMOST see a flicker of 'was I THAT emotional?' cross his face!All of these performances are directed with care by Marc Daniels, the veteran TV director who was at the helm of the 'envelope'. They make an deliberate  point of cutting to the more mature, unemotional Spock during the famous 'laughing' scene,and you can ALMOST see a flicker of 'was I THAT emotional?' cross his face!The makeup used on Sean Kenney, the 'substitute' Captain Pike (Jeffery Hunter was unavailable),might be some of the best ever done for any Trek: it holds up totally through repeated cuts back and forth from the pilot footage: you are totally convinced this is an older, horribly maimed Jeffrey Hunter! The makeup used on Sean Kenney, the 'substitute' Captain Pike (Jeffery Hunter was unavailable),might be some of the best ever done for any Trek: it holds up totally through repeated cuts back and forth from the pilot footage: you are totally convinced this is an older, horribly maimed Jeffrey Hunter! Some small parts of The Cage are cut: some shots of Pike's fellow 'zoo-mates', some VERY sexist lines about 'women on the bridge', and the obligatory 'aliens running through the computer' scene. None of these are very important to the plot of EITHER the pilot or the envelope. Some small parts of The Cage are cut: some shots of Pike's fellow 'zoo-mates', some VERY sexist lines about 'women on the bridge', and the obligatory 'aliens running through the computer' scene. None of these are very important to the plot of EITHER the pilot or the envelope. And just to add some trivia: And just to add some trivia: Part II of The Menagerie was the highest rated episode of Star trek ever in prime time! Part II of The Menagerie was the highest rated episode of Star trek ever in prime time! Actor Malachi Throne had been the original voice of the Talosian Keeper in the pilot. Since he was cast as Commodore Mendez, voice artist Vic Perrin was dubbed in as The Keeper.Actor Malachi Throne had been the original voice of the Talosian Keeper in the pilot. Since he was cast as Commodore Mendez, voice artist Vic Perrin was dubbed in as The Keeper.As per the Director's Guild, Marc Daniels was credited as director for Part I, while the director of The Cage, Robert (Mr Pilot) Butler, was given the screen credit for Part II.As per the Director's Guild, Marc Daniels was credited as director for Part I, while the director of The Cage, Robert (Mr Pilot) Butler, was given the screen credit for Part II.The Menagerie is amazing experience from start to finish!
 This is a terrific movie regarding military life in the '60s.  Jessica Lange truly deserved her Oscar and Tommy Lee is excellent and of course Powers Booth shows his narily side which he protrays so well in so many movies.  I can't even tell you how many times I have seen this movie and I will watch it again and again. 
 wonderful season! funny episodes....can't laugh enough on this season.....i'm waiting for the next one!
 I don't know what it is about him and this DVD, but my daughter (16 months) is in LOVE.  All you have to do is say his name and she runs to the TV pointing and stomping in excitement.  It's just too funny.  She doesn't get that way for anyone else. 
 All Monty Python movies are a must-see. I think my generation has seen them all. I hope the younger generation (less than 40) watch at least one. The humor is at many levels, so the movie should be watched multiple times to soak it all in. This just means the movie gets funnier with each viewing. Like all good humor, it includes truthful commentaries about society and human behavior in general, as well as, politics and religion (without getting nasty)
 Everybody knows the plot of this movie. So, I can't add anything in that respect. However, I can tell you that the quality of the DVD is very good. Clear picture and sound - great buy
 A very good film staring Cary Grant and Grace Kelly. Cary plays the part of a retired jewel thief. Someone begins to steal jewels and the local police think its Cary. Grace plays the part of the daughter of a rich Amrican widow. The film then covers how Cary Grants  finds the people who have copied his MO.A fun romp through the French country side. Well acted and directed. A must see if you are a Cary Grant or Grace Kelly fan.A very good film staring Cary Grant and Grace Kelly. Cary plays the part of a retired jewel thief. Someone begins to steal jewels and the local police think its Cary. Grace plays the part of the daughter of a rich Amrican widow. The film then covers how Cary Grants  finds the people who have copied his MO.A fun romp through the French country side. Well acted and directed. A must see if you are a Cary Grant or Grace Kelly fan.                                                  jame
 In the movie Some Like It Hot its a great movie and its genre is comic and lovely.It takes place in Chicago and in Forida.This movie is about two musicians that accidentallywitness a gangland shooting and then they the other people wanted to killed them. Morover they two musicians Joe(Tony Curtis) and Jerry(Jack Lemmon)decide to go to Florida to participate to a girl jazz band. The problem is that they cannot go as boys so they decide to dress themselves as girls and to present themselves as JOsephine and Daphne. in they way to Forida they meet a lverlorn singer that is Marilyn MOnroe.Their plan is perfect until  Josephine falls in love with Marilyn Monroe. Then at the same time a old man falls in love with daphne and wants to engage her.In the movie Some Like It Hot its a great movie and its genre is comic and lovely.It takes place in Chicago and in Forida.This movie is about two musicians that accidentallywitness a gangland shooting and then they the other people wanted to killed them. Morover they two musicians Joe(Tony Curtis) and Jerry(Jack Lemmon)decide to go to Florida to participate to a girl jazz band. The problem is that they cannot go as boys so they decide to dress themselves as girls and to present themselves as JOsephine and Daphne. in they way to Forida they meet a lverlorn singer that is Marilyn MOnroe.Their plan is perfect until  Josephine falls in love with Marilyn Monroe. Then at the same time a old man falls in love with daphne and wants to engage her.One conflict that the movie has is when the old man tries to engage daphne but she told hin that they can't marrie and she gievs a lot of excuses to him and he says that it doesn't matter that he would forgive her. in addition at the end she says to him that she is a man and he asnwers him that is ok that nobody is perfect. I think that was a good conflict because eventhough she try to get away with it he accepts her without having a problem.The usual is that he wouldn't accept her bor being a man, but that didnt matter to him.One conflict that the movie has is when the old man tries to engage daphne but she told hin that they can't marrie and she gievs a lot of excuses to him and he says that it doesn't matter that he would forgive her. in addition at the end she says to him that she is a man and he asnwers him that is ok that nobody is perfect. I think that was a good conflict because eventhough she try to get away with it he accepts her without having a problem.The usual is that he wouldn't accept her bor being a man, but that didnt matter to him.The character in this movie are really good actors all of them had a great actuation.The only thing that was different is that the gangster got killed and i think they didnt have a good acting. all the sets wre good except for the one that i just talk about. The lightning in the movie was very creative it was very good, the costumes wre really nice and everyone dressed great in the movie.The character in this movie are really good actors all of them had a great actuation.The only thing that was different is that the gangster got killed and i think they didnt have a good acting. all the sets wre good except for the one that i just talk about. The lightning in the movie was very creative it was very good, the costumes wre really nice and everyone dressed great in the movie.The music the movie has was ok too because it goes with the type of the movie. I had never seem a movie like this and i think it may relationate with the real life where people does this kind of things. I recomend this film to all the people that want to have some fun and entertain themselves with something good like this movie.
 What a truly stunning film, this type of film has been long overdue in the movie industry, more of these should see the light 
 This film was absolutely beautiful because of the location in which it was shot and the main characters.  However, its true appeal comes from the manner in which it portrays the desperation that comes from living a life which is less than truthful, the struggles involved in being true to oneself despite the consequences, and the difficulties that sometime occur when trying to figure out what is really important to your soul.  Although I have recommended this film to several people, I caution them that it can be pretty disturbing.  I thought about it for weeks after I saw it the first time, and it took me a while to get up the nerve to watch it again.  Definitely not a "light hearted" evening of entertainment
 i own many of the 50 packs of movies and i must say i like this set very much.most of these movies are from the 30's and 40's, the hayday of movie mysterys. the transfers are ok ,but not great and some of the movie have sterotype's of all kinds. just keep in mind when they were made,and if they bother you don't watch. a nice set and a great way to build your movie collectio
 IntroductionIntroduction3 Games to Glory III is a two-disc video compilation of the 2004 New England Patriots playoffs, including their Super Bowl victory over the Philadelphia Eagles 24-21 in Super Bowl XXXIX.  This Super Bowl victory was the Patriots third in four years, marking them as the team of `00s.  For New England Patriots fans it's a chance to relive the glory of back-to-back Super Bowl victories and three championships in four years.  Non-New England Patriots fans probably would not particularly enjoy this in-depth video. 3 Games to Glory III is a two-disc video compilation of the 2004 New England Patriots playoffs, including their Super Bowl victory over the Philadelphia Eagles 24-21 in Super Bowl XXXIX.  This Super Bowl victory was the Patriots third in four years, marking them as the team of `00s.  For New England Patriots fans it's a chance to relive the glory of back-to-back Super Bowl victories and three championships in four years.  Non-New England Patriots fans probably would not particularly enjoy this in-depth video. Main FeaturesMain Features3 Games to Glory III provides extensive highlights of both New England Patriots' playoff wins and Super Bowl victory after the 2004 season.  3 Games to Glory III provides extensive highlights of both New England Patriots' playoff wins and Super Bowl victory after the 2004 season.  These playoffs found New England once again schooling the Indianapolis Colts in yet another year where Peyton Manning and the vaunted Colts offensive choke under playoff pressure.  The high flying Colts offense was throttled by the superior schemes and tough play of the Patriots in a 20-3 AFC Divisional Playoff win at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Massachusetts. These playoffs found New England once again schooling the Indianapolis Colts in yet another year where Peyton Manning and the vaunted Colts offensive choke under playoff pressure.  The high flying Colts offense was throttled by the superior schemes and tough play of the Patriots in a 20-3 AFC Divisional Playoff win at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Massachusetts. This is followed by New England's dramatic defeat of the Pittsburgh Steelers, 41-27, in the AFC Championship Game at Heinz Field in Pittsburgh.  The Patriots entered this game as decided underdogs to the 15-1 Steelers after being throttled by Pittsburgh earlier in the season.This is followed by New England's dramatic defeat of the Pittsburgh Steelers, 41-27, in the AFC Championship Game at Heinz Field in Pittsburgh.  The Patriots entered this game as decided underdogs to the 15-1 Steelers after being throttled by Pittsburgh earlier in the season.Finally, you get to enjoy the extensive highlights of New England's impressive 24-21 win over the NFC Champion Philadelphia Eagles.  This is yet another game where New England's superior execution and stamina in the later stages of the game brought them ultimate glory.  The Super Bowl was played in Jacksonville, Florida on February 6, 2005.Finally, you get to enjoy the extensive highlights of New England's impressive 24-21 win over the NFC Champion Philadelphia Eagles.  This is yet another game where New England's superior execution and stamina in the later stages of the game brought them ultimate glory.  The Super Bowl was played in Jacksonville, Florida on February 6, 2005.The highlights of each game are very extensive and seem to cover nearly every play.  They are also mostly well done, but frankly the highlights often fail to capture the real drama of the game.  Of course no highlight reel can match the excitement and drama of a live contest, but there are times when key turning points of the game really just become another quick hit in the video.  The highlights of each game are very extensive and seem to cover nearly every play.  They are also mostly well done, but frankly the highlights often fail to capture the real drama of the game.  Of course no highlight reel can match the excitement and drama of a live contest, but there are times when key turning points of the game really just become another quick hit in the video.  There are a few disappointments in this video though and it's not quite as well done as the preceding 3 Games to Glory II (covering the Patriots playoff run and Super Bowl victory after the 2003 season).  First, there is not as much pre-game drama and preparation presented in these videos compared to last year.  Secondly, there are not as many close up, on the field shots that bring the game right into your living room.  It's much more distant and not as close up as previous editions in this series.There are a few disappointments in this video though and it's not quite as well done as the preceding 3 Games to Glory II (covering the Patriots playoff run and Super Bowl victory after the 2003 season).  First, there is not as much pre-game drama and preparation presented in these videos compared to last year.  Secondly, there are not as many close up, on the field shots that bring the game right into your living room.  It's much more distant and not as close up as previous editions in this series.Despite these drawbacks, it's still great to relive a great season through these videos.Despite these drawbacks, it's still great to relive a great season through these videos.Bonus FeaturesBonus FeaturesThe bonus features on this edition of 3 Games to Glory are not nearly as good as the ones on 3 Games to Glory II.  The bonus features are nice they just didn't live up the standard in the previous edition.  Following is a brief rundown of what you'll get on the DVD.The bonus features on this edition of 3 Games to Glory are not nearly as good as the ones on 3 Games to Glory II.  The bonus features are nice they just didn't live up the standard in the previous edition.  Following is a brief rundown of what you'll get on the DVD.There are some "Bill Belichick" breakdowns of key plays for each game but there are very few of them and really leaves the viewer wanting more.  There are some "Bill Belichick" breakdowns of key plays for each game but there are very few of them and really leaves the viewer wanting more.  There's also a "Points After: Sounds of the Game" which shows post-Super Bowl press conference features, but again, it's really short and leaves you wanting more.There's also a "Points After: Sounds of the Game" which shows post-Super Bowl press conference features, but again, it's really short and leaves you wanting more.The "Patriot's All Access" which appears along with each of the playoff and Super Bowl wins shows locker room scenes and practices, team meetings, and other shots of players as they prepare for games.  These are pretty well done short features that add a great deal to the video.  The "Patriot's All Access" which appears along with each of the playoff and Super Bowl wins shows locker room scenes and practices, team meetings, and other shots of players as they prepare for games.  These are pretty well done short features that add a great deal to the video.  The "All Access" section for the Super Bowl of course included pre-game plane trip, post game party and the parade.  I find these a bit boring frankly, but I guess it's nice to see the players up close on their daily routines.The "All Access" section for the Super Bowl of course included pre-game plane trip, post game party and the parade.  I find these a bit boring frankly, but I guess it's nice to see the players up close on their daily routines.The Super Bowl Highlights are shown twice, once with the regular commentary and once with commentary from Rosevelt Colvin (LB), Ted Johnson (LB), and Matt Light (T).  Matt Light is a funny guy and this was more entertaining than the one last year.The Super Bowl Highlights are shown twice, once with the regular commentary and once with commentary from Rosevelt Colvin (LB), Ted Johnson (LB), and Matt Light (T).  Matt Light is a funny guy and this was more entertaining than the one last year.I thought the best bonus feature was one on Disc Two called "Views from the Past" with interviews with three great players from previous decades - Gino Cappelletti of the 1960's, Michael Haynes of the 1970's, and Andre Tippett of the 1980's and 1990's.  This conversation was mostly about comparing this current Patriots' team with teams of the past and how the game has changed over the decades.I thought the best bonus feature was one on Disc Two called "Views from the Past" with interviews with three great players from previous decades - Gino Cappelletti of the 1960's, Michael Haynes of the 1970's, and Andre Tippett of the 1980's and 1990's.  This conversation was mostly about comparing this current Patriots' team with teams of the past and how the game has changed over the decades.Finally, the video has the 2005 playoff roster, Super Bowl stats, and 2005 game by game results - just like you can get in any book, it just shows it printed on the screen.Finally, the video has the 2005 playoff roster, Super Bowl stats, and 2005 game by game results - just like you can get in any book, it just shows it printed on the screen.Overall, while all these bonus features are nice, 3 Games to Glory III is not nearly as good as 3 Games to Glory II.  It did not include an extensive behind the scenes segment on the Super Bowl, which I found fascinating on the previous edition, nor did it have highlights for each game of the regular season like the previous edition.  I found the lack of these too items very disappointing as I thought they were outstanding editions to last year's disc.  Overall, while all these bonus features are nice, 3 Games to Glory III is not nearly as good as 3 Games to Glory II.  It did not include an extensive behind the scenes segment on the Super Bowl, which I found fascinating on the previous edition, nor did it have highlights for each game of the regular season like the previous edition.  I found the lack of these too items very disappointing as I thought they were outstanding editions to last year's disc.  Nevertheless, the bonus features overall are nice, just nice as nice as last time.Nevertheless, the bonus features overall are nice, just nice as nice as last time.Bottom LineBottom LineAll New England fans should enjoy reliving a third Super Bowl win through this highlights package.  It's mostly well done and certainly brings back great memories of a great season.  Those who are not Patriots fans I am sure would find the video quite boring.All New England fans should enjoy reliving a third Super Bowl win through this highlights package.  It's mostly well done and certainly brings back great memories of a great season.  Those who are not Patriots fans I am sure would find the video quite boring.Disclaimer:  I am a die hard New England Patriots fan and am totally biased in this review
 ..Well..at least its in my top 5 =o)..I'm not the biggest Chaplin fan.more of a Keaton and Lloyd..kinda guy..But dang if this movie dosen't do me in everytime..I never fail to fall into hysterics over the "Feeding Chair" Scene..or the Gibberish song..and several other scenes.and I always get teary eyed over the plight of Charlie and his little love Gamin..This movie just packs so much into its 89 or so minutes and it all flows beautifully from one frame to the next!...Don't be botherd by the hype about this being a social commentary..or a Commie film or whatever!..Its still the same little tramp who goes against any kind of social order!!....Now I have this wonderful new 2 disc Mk2 version from the Chaplin Collection box to pull out every Christmas Holiday season..along with City Lights..as I'm want to do..and Check out the little Cuban documentary on the second disc about the Traveling projectionists who take the Movie to a remote farming village to show to the people for the first time..The Tears in these peoples eyes as they watch..tell you everything about this wonderful one of a kind film
 It have a plenty range of Glould's legacy. Personally I hate the contemporary music, honestly I bought it because it have one interpretation of the magestic Partita No.6 in E minor. It have a rear romatic influence, and definitly it don't have the same perfection with the greatest baroque influence that Glenn leave us in the one recorded in 1957. Nonetheless you will see the great personality of Glenn and its lively interpretation
 If you can get through David's boot camp video with moderate effort, this video may be a bit too easy for you.  That said, this is an excellent workout for a beginning or intermmediate exerciser.  David does a great job of breaking the exercises down and offering comments to help you maintain good form.  He is very encouraging throughout.  The workout progresses from easy to more difficult and can be made tougher by increasing the amount of weight used (two dumbbells needed).  There are a few innovative moves thrown in as well.  If you can get through David's boot camp video with moderate effort, this video may be a bit too easy for you.  That said, this is an excellent workout for a beginning or intermmediate exerciser.  David does a great job of breaking the exercises down and offering comments to help you maintain good form.  He is very encouraging throughout.  The workout progresses from easy to more difficult and can be made tougher by increasing the amount of weight used (two dumbbells needed).  There are a few innovative moves thrown in as well.  Since the difficulty level of any workout video is relative, I'll give a quick background of myself - I run 4-5 times a week, for a total of 40+ miles/week.  I also lift weights 2-3 times a week, incorporating plyometrics and compound movements.  I've personally found David's boot camp video to be just the right amount of intensity when using 5-lb dumbbells and think this one-on-one video is great for days I have less energy.  Regardless of fitness level, you are sure to enjoy this workout.  If you need to make it more intense, use heavier weights.  The biggest thing to remember about David's style (in my opinion) is to really *focus* on every repetition, *focus* on the muscle being worked, and *focus* on isometrics (contracting the muscle without movement - eg. pushing against a brick wall is isometric).  Hope this helps
 I was reading some reviews of "The Quiet Man" earlier this year. And a thread running through most of them was that it is a movie that defies time, entertaining for the generation that it was made for and subsequent children, grandchildren and I imagine great grandchildren.I was reading some reviews of "The Quiet Man" earlier this year. And a thread running through most of them was that it is a movie that defies time, entertaining for the generation that it was made for and subsequent children, grandchildren and I imagine great grandchildren.In that league of the timeless you have to put Ben-Hur, a story of love, redemtion, compassion, revenge, retribution, foregiveness and tranquility, in an epic truly larger than life. If we are to believe that the best movies were those made long ago, then certainly William Wyler's third oscar winner provides substantial evidence to support that view.In that league of the timeless you have to put Ben-Hur, a story of love, redemtion, compassion, revenge, retribution, foregiveness and tranquility, in an epic truly larger than life. If we are to believe that the best movies were those made long ago, then certainly William Wyler's third oscar winner provides substantial evidence to support that view.For me, seeing it again and again, I am always startled by Mr. Heston's skills as an actor, often missed in the size he brought to a film and his overall presence. Here the antagonist is Stephen Boyd, Judah Ben-Hur's best friend from childhood, now addicted to the narcotic of power. The two will clash; this is the time of Christ's ministry. Christ is seen as a rabble rouser and Rome, an international giant the world had never seen, seeks to thwart that message by girding up Jerusalem. So they send the now goal oriented and vicious Messala to the home of Ben-Hur.For me, seeing it again and again, I am always startled by Mr. Heston's skills as an actor, often missed in the size he brought to a film and his overall presence. Here the antagonist is Stephen Boyd, Judah Ben-Hur's best friend from childhood, now addicted to the narcotic of power. The two will clash; this is the time of Christ's ministry. Christ is seen as a rabble rouser and Rome, an international giant the world had never seen, seeks to thwart that message by girding up Jerusalem. So they send the now goal oriented and vicious Messala to the home of Ben-Hur.Heston is also supported ably by Jack Hawkins, a brilliant actor in his prime, as the Roman Counsel Quintus Arrius. Judah Ben-Hur, sentenced to virtual death on the Roman Galleys, survives a battle with the Macedonians to only save Quintus Arius. Heston is also supported ably by Jack Hawkins, a brilliant actor in his prime, as the Roman Counsel Quintus Arrius. Judah Ben-Hur, sentenced to virtual death on the Roman Galleys, survives a battle with the Macedonians to only save Quintus Arius. I say this as a prelude to my second favorite scene, the arrival of Quintus Arrius in Rome, a hero, with his trusted slave now friend soon to be freeman, Judah Ben-Hur. William Wyler spared no money nor extras in so many scenes but as Jack Hawkins climbs the staircase to bow before Ceasar there must be 100 steps! And the camera back away to see Hawkins in his magenta robe, draped over the pure white stairs, climbing the steps before a crowd of thousands and you get a feel for the enormity of the empire. In "Spartacus," also a fine movie a few years later, the script tells you about the size of the Roman empire. Here in this one scene, Wyler expresses it without reliance on the spoken word.I say this as a prelude to my second favorite scene, the arrival of Quintus Arrius in Rome, a hero, with his trusted slave now friend soon to be freeman, Judah Ben-Hur. William Wyler spared no money nor extras in so many scenes but as Jack Hawkins climbs the staircase to bow before Ceasar there must be 100 steps! And the camera back away to see Hawkins in his magenta robe, draped over the pure white stairs, climbing the steps before a crowd of thousands and you get a feel for the enormity of the empire. In "Spartacus," also a fine movie a few years later, the script tells you about the size of the Roman empire. Here in this one scene, Wyler expresses it without reliance on the spoken word.At the same time, Judah Ben-Hur, remaining in the chariot at the foot of the stairs, looks around and in that one expression on Heston's face of awe and the size and the power of 1st century Rome, he amplifies the scene of Hawkins climbing the staircase.At the same time, Judah Ben-Hur, remaining in the chariot at the foot of the stairs, looks around and in that one expression on Heston's face of awe and the size and the power of 1st century Rome, he amplifies the scene of Hawkins climbing the staircase.A great, great move. Well worth your time if you have never seen it. Well worth your time again if you have. 5 stars. Larry Scantlebur
 This is an outstanding DVD.  I highly recommend it.  If you have seen Riverdance live you can relive the great moments.  If you haven't seen Riverdance live you are in for a real treat with this DVD from the comfort of your own home
 You should see this because it has an eary appearance by America (yes, peo-ple, that is HER real name) Ferarra!!!  WHo, you ask?? Oh (casually) only the star of UGLY BETTY.   (looks up, says ala Pulp Fiction) "Oh, do I have your attention now????  Also in this movie is Roary from GG (gilmore Girls for the ignorant).  The only thing I didnt like was the blonde who had sex with the older man, not only was it innapropriate, but also illegal!!!!  WSo, parents be aware of this if you're daughter's want to watch this movie.  It has sexual content!!!!  Especially if they are under age!  Now, peo-ple, I am a male and also over 18 so i can watch what I want, but I'm just saying that for young girls they shouldn't watch this one!!!  But we ALL can watch Ugly Betty!!!!
 I thought this was an excellent coming-of-age movie.  Very poignant in parts.  Love the soundtrack as well!  These Days is an especially beautiful song
 For all true Dream Theater fans, this is a must have DVD! The only drawback to "Score" that I found was that they didn't play "Never Enough", but that shouldn't prevent you from purchasing "Score". I have watched the DVD over 10 times already and it hasn't gotten old for me..
 For those who were fans of the show when it was originally aired, all I can say is that you won't be disappointed.  This series is one of my all time favorite TV shows.  When I discovered it was on dvd I snapped it up right away.  The picture quality and sound is much better than the on air cable signal version I originally saw.  This is the first TV series I have ordered on dvd and I was afraid the picture quality would be vhs.  Boy was I wrong, this series looks as good as any hollywood movie dvd I have ever purchased.  If you have never seen this series but liked the space marines in the second aliens movie then you will probably really like this series
 My kids just love this movie; Barbie in the 12 Dancing Princesses.  It is a very clean movie.  It is not scary except for the mean Duchess; but she really isn't scary, just mean.  It teaches about honesty and family, and how they care about each other; which is really good for children to see.  Plus it was entertaining and a whole lot of fun to watch
 Before we first rented one of the Barbie videos for my daughter, I was expecting them to be trite, over-commercialised, and over-sugary. However, I have been pleasantly surprised.Before we first rented one of the Barbie videos for my daughter, I was expecting them to be trite, over-commercialised, and over-sugary. However, I have been pleasantly surprised.Yes, they do have a lot of commercial spin-offs and a high saccarine count, but the quality of the Barbie films we have subsequently bought or rented, including "12 Dancing Princesses," was significantly higher than I had expected. They have not just kept my children engrossed for hours - including my son as well as my daughter - but introduced them to some beautiful stories and truly wonderful music. On more than one occasion I have been listening to a CD of a classic such as Beethoven's pastoral symphony, or The Queen of the Night's aria from Mozart's magic flute, and my daughter has recognised and expressed appreciation of the music, and correctly remembered which Barbie film had used it. ("Magic of Pegasus" and "Mermaidia" respectively.) Yes, they do have a lot of commercial spin-offs and a high saccarine count, but the quality of the Barbie films we have subsequently bought or rented, including "12 Dancing Princesses," was significantly higher than I had expected. They have not just kept my children engrossed for hours - including my son as well as my daughter - but introduced them to some beautiful stories and truly wonderful music. On more than one occasion I have been listening to a CD of a classic such as Beethoven's pastoral symphony, or The Queen of the Night's aria from Mozart's magic flute, and my daughter has recognised and expressed appreciation of the music, and correctly remembered which Barbie film had used it. ("Magic of Pegasus" and "Mermaidia" respectively.) The soundtrack to "Twelve Dancing Princesses" is mostly adapted from some of Mendelsohn's best work, including "A Midsummer night's dream" and the Scottish and Italian symphonies. It also includes a lullaby sung to the King by the 12 princesses which was based on a 16th century anthem by Byrd, the recording of which was sung beautifully by Melissa Lyons and the Women's Occidental Glee club.The soundtrack to "Twelve Dancing Princesses" is mostly adapted from some of Mendelsohn's best work, including "A Midsummer night's dream" and the Scottish and Italian symphonies. It also includes a lullaby sung to the King by the 12 princesses which was based on a 16th century anthem by Byrd, the recording of which was sung beautifully by Melissa Lyons and the Women's Occidental Glee club.The story is loosely based on the children's story. "Barbie" plays "Princess Genevieve", the seventh of 12 daughters of a widowed King (e.g. seven young women, plus a pair of twins who appear to be about 11 and a set of triplets who appear to be about 6.) Like the original, the story is about 12 princesses who having been banned from dancing, sneak off every night through a magic passage and take a magic barge to a special island where they can dance all night. However, in this version the killjoy who tries to stop them dancing is not the King their father, who loves them very much, but his cousin, Duchess Rowena, who he has brought to the palace to be their tutor. At first even the princesses do not realise quite what a bad mistake this was ...The story is loosely based on the children's story. "Barbie" plays "Princess Genevieve", the seventh of 12 daughters of a widowed King (e.g. seven young women, plus a pair of twins who appear to be about 11 and a set of triplets who appear to be about 6.) Like the original, the story is about 12 princesses who having been banned from dancing, sneak off every night through a magic passage and take a magic barge to a special island where they can dance all night. However, in this version the killjoy who tries to stop them dancing is not the King their father, who loves them very much, but his cousin, Duchess Rowena, who he has brought to the palace to be their tutor. At first even the princesses do not realise quite what a bad mistake this was ...As with many of the Barbie films, comic relief is provided by talking animal companions of some of the principal characaters. In this case Princess Genevieve has a pet cat, and the evil Duchess Rowena has an equally evil pet monkey, Brutus. The hero, who in this version is the royal cobbler, Derek, has a pet parrot, who for some reason talks with a greatly exaggerated Indian accent. (That's Indian from the subcontinent, not native American.)As with many of the Barbie films, comic relief is provided by talking animal companions of some of the principal characaters. In this case Princess Genevieve has a pet cat, and the evil Duchess Rowena has an equally evil pet monkey, Brutus. The hero, who in this version is the royal cobbler, Derek, has a pet parrot, who for some reason talks with a greatly exaggerated Indian accent. (That's Indian from the subcontinent, not native American.)Those people who enjoy criticising what the Barbie franchise represents will not have much difficulty finding things in this production to sneer at. If you, or more importantly your kids, are allergic to an excess of twee sweetness, then this film and the Barbie videos generally may not be for them. And the female characters are all on the thin side of plausibility: I'm not worried that watching this is going to give my daughter anorexia as she likes food too much and has a good sense of the difference between fantasy and reality, but if you are worried that your children may be forming an unrealistic idea about how thin a healthy body shape is, that is a concern with this film.Those people who enjoy criticising what the Barbie franchise represents will not have much difficulty finding things in this production to sneer at. If you, or more importantly your kids, are allergic to an excess of twee sweetness, then this film and the Barbie videos generally may not be for them. And the female characters are all on the thin side of plausibility: I'm not worried that watching this is going to give my daughter anorexia as she likes food too much and has a good sense of the difference between fantasy and reality, but if you are worried that your children may be forming an unrealistic idea about how thin a healthy body shape is, that is a concern with this film.But on the plus side: it is beautifully made, it will hold the attention of most small children for long enough for the typical exhausted parent to clear the mess they have made in several rooms of the house or collapse for an hour's rest after doing so. Alternatively there are enough more sophisticated jokes thrown in that you won't be completely bored to death if you decide to watch it with your offspring. And best of all, the soundtrack is almost worth buying the film for on it's own
 One of M-G-Ms Brightest , Cheeriest Musical . Astair and Garland are most engaging screen couple . The Uplifting Irving Berlin score is first-rate and used to Perfection .Strolling along 5th Avenue in turn of the century or going on the bum as "a couple of swells" , Judy Garland (1922-1969) and Fred Astaire (1899-1987) lead a Parade of Music 17 (Irving Berlin 1888-1988) tunes and an Academy Award-winning adaption score arranged by Johnny Green (1908-1989) and Roger Edens (1905-1970) and gotta dance-fun (including drum drum crazy ) in this neverending delifgt co-starring Ann Miller (1923-2004) performing a knock out: Shaking the blues Away and Peter Lawford (1923-1984) gamely crooning: The fella with the umbrella with Garland . Dont let this Colorful EASTER PARADE pass you ! . All new digital transfer from restored picturre and Audio elements . Super Tehnicolor And Super Sound . Highly recommended                
 A French coming-of-age art film that I rented while on vacation.  Despite rave reviews all over the packaging, this story of two moody teenage girls growing apart as sexuality enters their lives seemed pretty slow and predictable, even a bit tedious.  Jet lag set in and we gave up two-thirds of the way through the film, and took it back the next day. In all fairness, this is probably a fine film if you're in the mood for Serious Art, but I found it a bit dreary
 This is a really scary movie.  I've always put Ju-On on the top mantle as being the scariest horror movie ever, but this movie surpasses that movie.  I didn't expect much, seeing the title of the movie which doesn't sound scary at all, but was I wrong, dead wrong.  If you are a horror fan, you got to see this movie.  The terror one feels stays with you even after the movie ends.  Cold chills ran through my bones and the hair never stopped standing at the back of my neck.  Asian horror movies don't rely on gore, but suspense and an ever so thickening creepiness that never stops.  Contemporary American horror movies don't scare me much anymore and it often relies on the same old tricks.  Asian horror movies like this one, which is Korean, is not an original idea, but the craft of scaring the living daylights out of you is getting stronger and better.  Other Asian titles I recommend are Ju-On, Dark Water, and The Red Shoes
 A fun musical comedy, THE TROUBLE WITH GIRLS isn't the usual Elvis Presley film but it's completely charming with it's faithful period recreation and fine supporting cast.A fun musical comedy, THE TROUBLE WITH GIRLS isn't the usual Elvis Presley film but it's completely charming with it's faithful period recreation and fine supporting cast.Presley plays Walter Hale, manager of the traveling "Chautauqua" tent-show, circa. 1927, who gets mixed up in the lives of the residents of the latest town to host the show.  Hale finds himself falling in love with Charlene (Marlyn Mason), organiser of the children's activities; whilst trying to help local single mother Nita Bix (Sheree North) when she murders her nasty married boyfriend (Dabney Coleman).  Presley's numbers include "Swing Down Sweet Chariot" and "Clean Up Your Own Backyard".Presley plays Walter Hale, manager of the traveling "Chautauqua" tent-show, circa. 1927, who gets mixed up in the lives of the residents of the latest town to host the show.  Hale finds himself falling in love with Charlene (Marlyn Mason), organiser of the children's activities; whilst trying to help local single mother Nita Bix (Sheree North) when she murders her nasty married boyfriend (Dabney Coleman).  Presley's numbers include "Swing Down Sweet Chariot" and "Clean Up Your Own Backyard".It's certainly a lot better than some of the other Elvis films from the same period; and seeing Elvis in a more traditional musical is a great treat.  Marlyn Mason, probably one of Presley's most formidable leading-ladies, is stunning (and her rendition of "Sign of the Zodiac" is a knockout).  Nicole Jaffe (as the amorous hotel clerk), Vincent Price (eccentric speaker "Mr Morality"), John Carradine (as a colourful Shakespearian actor), Joyce van Patten (disgruntled former channel swimmer Maude) and Edward Andrews (as Hale's beleaguered assistant) are also fine.  Fans of classic TV shows should keep an eye out for Anissa Jones ("Family Affair") and Susan Olsen ("The Brady Bunch")
 I really enjoyed this movie.  Death Warrant was filled with supense and action. Jean-Claude Van Damme portrays officer Louis Burke who goes undercover to investigate murder and corruption in the prison system. Eventually officer Burke meets up with a convicted murderer that he had arrested and put behind bars. I really enjoyed this movie.  Death Warrant was filled with supense and action. Jean-Claude Van Damme portrays officer Louis Burke who goes undercover to investigate murder and corruption in the prison system. Eventually officer Burke meets up with a convicted murderer that he had arrested and put behind bars. I did not lose interest with the nonstop suspense and action.I did not lose interest with the nonstop suspense and action.Sincerely,Sincerely,Renee Ra
 "Fargo" is a very good film. The Cohen Brothers put another feather in their cap with this suspenseful film. The film stars Jerry Lundegaard (William H. Macy) as a car salesman in dire need of money. When he hires a couple of losers to kidnap his wife for ransom, things go from bad to worse. I couldn't help feeling sorry for the wife as she tries to escape from the clutches of her kidnappers. The father of the kidnapped wife does not want to play along with the ransom, and decides to act on his own. Jerry now finds himself in an even deeper mess. Moreover, he has a saavy police chief (McDormand) on the case. "Fargo" is a very good film. The Cohen Brothers put another feather in their cap with this suspenseful film. The film stars Jerry Lundegaard (William H. Macy) as a car salesman in dire need of money. When he hires a couple of losers to kidnap his wife for ransom, things go from bad to worse. I couldn't help feeling sorry for the wife as she tries to escape from the clutches of her kidnappers. The father of the kidnapped wife does not want to play along with the ransom, and decides to act on his own. Jerry now finds himself in an even deeper mess. Moreover, he has a saavy police chief (McDormand) on the case. The film is a definite black-comedy, as many of the Cohen brother's films are. This one is a bit more disturbing than usual however. Hot on the case is a policewoman, Marge Gunderson (Frances McDormand). She is witty and intelligent and knows something is not right. Steve Buscemi stars as one of the kidnappers, and his partner has a few loose marbles. The film is a delightful [at times funny] film that is highly recommended. Moreover, there are many colorful and funny character actors in the film, which only enhance the films appeal. There are also some disturbing scenes, however, the film is well worth the watch and purchase. Highly recommended. [Stars: 4.5
 I thought the film was great, it has a interesting storyline. It also has a interesting backstory on which the film was based on.I thought the film was great, it has a interesting storyline. It also has a interesting backstory on which the film was based on.I don't understand why people will rate this movie so low. Is it cuz it doesn't have a pre-Hollywood established actress/actor in it? That it isn't some mainstream unoriginal film, which even the most moronic of morons can grasp?I don't understand why people will rate this movie so low. Is it cuz it doesn't have a pre-Hollywood established actress/actor in it? That it isn't some mainstream unoriginal film, which even the most moronic of morons can grasp?Listen don't rate this movie low if it doesn't seem good to you, because it requires thinking unlike the mainstream cookie-cutter films in the theaters. You stay to your pablum un-original mainstream films, and leave those people who work hard on indie films alone.Listen don't rate this movie low if it doesn't seem good to you, because it requires thinking unlike the mainstream cookie-cutter films in the theaters. You stay to your pablum un-original mainstream films, and leave those people who work hard on indie films alone.For the people who complained the girls were dressed too little, I've seen many more hollywood films where women wear nothing but string bikinis basically. These girls were dressed for a majority of the film.For the people who complained the girls were dressed too little, I've seen many more hollywood films where women wear nothing but string bikinis basically. These girls were dressed for a majority of the film.For the person who said Ashley was "plump", you must really like your women to be Anorexic
 I did this workout for the very first time today and I don't think I've felt ever felt this good about myself. This DVD works. It's not high impact aerobics, but I don't think I've ever sweat that much in one workout before. And I totally disagree with whoever said the breaks every twenty minutes makes you sleepy. I'm not in very good shape, so I need those breaks to be able to do the entire workout (I didn't think I'd like this DVD because it is one of the longer ones Ana and Ravi put out). I am really, really looking forward to getting the other two Fat Free DVDs to add to my collection
 I think this is a great film.  Many critics and a few reviewers always complain about it's running time (128 minutes), insisting it's too slow.  Almost ALL of Clint's films (the ones he's directed) run long.  The running times range from just over 2 hours to just under 3 hours (the longest being Bird, at 2 hours, 40 minutes).  Sure, the film isn't PC, but it was made in 1975, when you didn't have to be PC.  But there is one thing that almost everyone agrees on...the mountain climbing scenes at the end of the film.  These are nervewracking and incredibly authentic.  Clint did all his own stunts in these sequences, and many professional rock climbers and mountaineers have praised these sequences.  And they are very intense to watch, because you know the actors are really up there.  No CGI in those days.  This is one of the reasons they work so well.  CGI looks fake anyway.  It makes movies seem like cartoons.  People know it isn't real.  CGI reliance should be reduced in Hollywood, as it takes the tension out of action scenes. I think this is a great film.  Many critics and a few reviewers always complain about it's running time (128 minutes), insisting it's too slow.  Almost ALL of Clint's films (the ones he's directed) run long.  The running times range from just over 2 hours to just under 3 hours (the longest being Bird, at 2 hours, 40 minutes).  Sure, the film isn't PC, but it was made in 1975, when you didn't have to be PC.  But there is one thing that almost everyone agrees on...the mountain climbing scenes at the end of the film.  These are nervewracking and incredibly authentic.  Clint did all his own stunts in these sequences, and many professional rock climbers and mountaineers have praised these sequences.  And they are very intense to watch, because you know the actors are really up there.  No CGI in those days.  This is one of the reasons they work so well.  CGI looks fake anyway.  It makes movies seem like cartoons.  People know it isn't real.  CGI reliance should be reduced in Hollywood, as it takes the tension out of action scenes. Check this film out.  It's worth all of its 128 minutes.  Check this film out.  It's worth all of its 128 minutes.  
 Recently realizing that Jackie Chan and Jet Li are about done with movie making for the most part, I always wondered if there was anyone who could take over.  Chan and Li are one of a kind and the best out there.  Fortunately, Tony Jaa has entered the scene with skills and originality of his own.  The first thing I like about Tony Jaa is he is an expert in Muay Thai fighting, something new and original for the good guy in a movie.  The next thing I like is that he fights like Jet Li and does stunts like Jackie Chan, though once again he adds his own originality quite often.  Recently realizing that Jackie Chan and Jet Li are about done with movie making for the most part, I always wondered if there was anyone who could take over.  Chan and Li are one of a kind and the best out there.  Fortunately, Tony Jaa has entered the scene with skills and originality of his own.  The first thing I like about Tony Jaa is he is an expert in Muay Thai fighting, something new and original for the good guy in a movie.  The next thing I like is that he fights like Jet Li and does stunts like Jackie Chan, though once again he adds his own originality quite often.  Ong Bak is pure action excitement - don't expect a deep story and do expect horrible English dubbing that is just down right annoying (you can still switch to subtitles with Thai spoken if desired).  If these 2 things don't matter to you, this movie just plains rocks.  Its a bit slow here and there, but overall it is filled with all the action you could want - illegal club fights, an incredible club brawl fight, tons of stunts and chases, a car chase scene that is actually done with carts instead of cars, a ring fight, and a good ol finale showdown that combines great fighitng with stunts, lasting for a good 10 minutes.  I also liked the background music for the movie - lots of smooth laid-back hip hop beats.Ong Bak is pure action excitement - don't expect a deep story and do expect horrible English dubbing that is just down right annoying (you can still switch to subtitles with Thai spoken if desired).  If these 2 things don't matter to you, this movie just plains rocks.  Its a bit slow here and there, but overall it is filled with all the action you could want - illegal club fights, an incredible club brawl fight, tons of stunts and chases, a car chase scene that is actually done with carts instead of cars, a ring fight, and a good ol finale showdown that combines great fighitng with stunts, lasting for a good 10 minutes.  I also liked the background music for the movie - lots of smooth laid-back hip hop beats.I'm pleased to say that with newcomer Tony Jaa to the world of martial arts films, the loss of Chan and Li someday soon won't be as bad.  Ong Bak is brilliant action and originality. The only thing that could make it 5 stars is if it had a better story and decent dubbing, which Chan and Li movies do much better
 A friend of mine told me about this movie and I went to the local video store and rented it. CRAZY!!! I thought that the CGI and wire work was so smooth that it almost looked real. However, after watching the special features of him doing the stunts from the movie LIVE!! Jackie who??? Bruce what?? Jet whatchamacallit ???? He is the martial arts star for the new generation.  For those that see the decline of martial arts movies, this kid gives us  hope
 A hilarious movie, made moreso by the fact that the acting and plot are universally better than what you'd find in the object of it's spoofing, "Top Gun." The film is loaded with Abrahams's usual sight-gags, puns, slapstick, and quick wordplay. There's always something going on in the background, making for fun repeat viewings. The overall cheesiness of the special effects really adds to the overall experience. Besides that, it's educational, too! You'll never again wonder what a chafing dish is
 The product is a1 BUT why arewe penalised for late delivery in the form of warfage !!!!! Shurly this is wrong ??
 This DVD was better than I could have asked for. It uses footage from the tv show This Week In Baseball [TWIB], and real baseball games over the past few years to cover the silly side of America's Pastime. It goes behind the scenes with a bunch of players including Tim Hudson, Ryan Dempster, select Phillies players, & many others, as well as looking at past characters who stand out in the game such as Tommy Lasorda and Yogi Berra. If you love TWIB's "How 'Bout That" section of the show, you will adore this DVD.This DVD was better than I could have asked for. It uses footage from the tv show This Week In Baseball [TWIB], and real baseball games over the past few years to cover the silly side of America's Pastime. It goes behind the scenes with a bunch of players including Tim Hudson, Ryan Dempster, select Phillies players, & many others, as well as looking at past characters who stand out in the game such as Tommy Lasorda and Yogi Berra. If you love TWIB's "How 'Bout That" section of the show, you will adore this DVD.As far as I can tell, every major league team is shown, though some have the spotlight on them more than others. This is a must have for any baseball fan. It's by far one of the best MLB DVDs released in a long time.
 This is a sad little gem of a movie.  I really liked that the plot explored more themes than just romantic love. The story had as much to do with issues of identity, community, and fidelity.  In my opinion, there were a few technical and narrative flaws that kept the film from attaining the level of greatness that it should have achieved, especially when considering the quality of the performances.  The slight quiver in Weisz's voice was right on target as was Perez's accent. The rest of the illustrious cast was more than capable. Considering the type of story and the setting, I can't help but think that a three-part mini-series would have been a more appropriate treatment than a feature film.  I emerged from watching the movie with a feeling  that there was a lot more to explore beneath the surface of each character
 I have watched the first disk of the Tick, and I laughed my ass off!! I am working on getting a copy of it in order to send it to Comedy Central, and requst that they air the first season on their channel. I think that Fox screwed up by cancelling this show, and that Comedy Central should pick it up. It is by far the best show I have seen in awhile, and deserves to be resurrected!! Thank you
 I'm the kind of guy who takes out large clumps of grass with every swing no matter what club I use. It's so bad that my "so called" friends wouldn't even go to the range with me anymore because I embarrassed them too much. I was the butt of all the jokes at the office too. I already had a closet full of VHS tapes and a few DVDs, I've spend hundreds on my local "golf pro" and I've been reading magazines for years, but I just never could figure out the what, where and whys of my game. A friend recommended this set so I got one and it's been GREAT. I could easily understand and follow alone with the tips so well that I must have watched all the tips in one weekend.  And after only a few rounds I could finally start to understand what's going on with each drive, approach and putt I hit and that's helped me improve enough that my friends are playing with me again. In my opinion anyone would find these DVDs helpful. Even my local "golf pro" would benefit from this collection. However, I'm not sure I'll give away my new edge to all my "friends". At least until I can cut a few more strokes and they have to play catch up.
 Martin Short joins the cast in this volume, securing this show's enduring genius and originality. The cast, brilliant as always, never fail to deliver. I grew up watching this show--- and what a thrill to have it on DVD. I feel like they have finally come home!!! woo hoo!!
     *TALES FROM THE CRYPT THEME MUSIC PLAYS, AS THE CAMERA SHOOTS THROUGH A SPOOKY HAUNTED MANSION. THE CAMERA REACHES THE BASEMENT, OUT POPS THE CRYPT KEEPER WITH HIS MENACING CACKLE* "TALES FROM THE CRYPT". This show is one of my all-time favorites. I used to sit in front of the television with my father every Saturday night when this  show came on. The stories in this show were so amazing and so well done, that I couldn't help myself when I became hooked on the show, and I was only four-years-old when this show debuted with its first season back in 1989.    *TALES FROM THE CRYPT THEME MUSIC PLAYS, AS THE CAMERA SHOOTS THROUGH A SPOOKY HAUNTED MANSION. THE CAMERA REACHES THE BASEMENT, OUT POPS THE CRYPT KEEPER WITH HIS MENACING CACKLE* "TALES FROM THE CRYPT". This show is one of my all-time favorites. I used to sit in front of the television with my father every Saturday night when this  show came on. The stories in this show were so amazing and so well done, that I couldn't help myself when I became hooked on the show, and I was only four-years-old when this show debuted with its first season back in 1989.     TALES FROM THE CRYPT takes you on a journey through six horrifying episodes, each one scaring you in one way or another. This here first season only includes six episodes, but all six are very terrifying, and many ways, rather comical as well.     TALES FROM THE CRYPT takes you on a journey through six horrifying episodes, each one scaring you in one way or another. This here first season only includes six episodes, but all six are very terrifying, and many ways, rather comical as well.#1: THE MAN WHO WAS DEATH (aired June 10, 1989)   This spook-tacular episode shows a man named NILES (played by William Saddler, who would then go on to take the male lead role in the first-ever TALES FROM THE CRYPT motion picture entitled, TALES FROM THE CRYPT presents DEMON KNIGHT), who has spent the last twelve years of his life shooting electricity into prisoners, sending out their life sentences. But now, a law has been passed to ban the life sentence, for even executing murderers and law breakers is "Still Murder Within The Eyes of God". Niles then appears in a few court cases where the defendants happen to be let off the hook, despite the fact they are indeed guilty. This leaves Niles to privately execute the defendants, where it leads Niles into his own arrest, where is then in for a "Shocking" surprise.   This spook-tacular episode shows a man named NILES (played by William Saddler, who would then go on to take the male lead role in the first-ever TALES FROM THE CRYPT motion picture entitled, TALES FROM THE CRYPT presents DEMON KNIGHT), who has spent the last twelve years of his life shooting electricity into prisoners, sending out their life sentences. But now, a law has been passed to ban the life sentence, for even executing murderers and law breakers is "Still Murder Within The Eyes of God". Niles then appears in a few court cases where the defendants happen to be let off the hook, despite the fact they are indeed guilty. This leaves Niles to privately execute the defendants, where it leads Niles into his own arrest, where is then in for a "Shocking" surprise.#2: AND ALL THROUGH THE HOUSE (aired June 10, 1989)  In this chilling Holiday-filled episode, a woman murders her husband in cold blood on Christmas Eve. As she tries to bury the body outside in the freezing cold snow, she neglects to hear on the news that an escaped mental patient as broken out of the sanitarium, and has already killed four women in the county. The news has even stated that the patient has been seen wearing a Santa Claus suit, a suit he had stolen from one his victims. The mental patient stumbles upon this woman, practically killing her, but she seems to have killed him by stabbing him in the stomach. As she gets a hold of the police on the phone, she is told by the police to look around for a weapon to use, since she has informed the police that the patient has gotten up and entered her house, after she stabbed him the stomach. She goes into the closet to get her gun, but the door locks. As she pounds on the door, trying to get out, the patient climbs up to the woman's daughter's bedroom, with the daughter thinking that's it the real Santa. She busts through the closet and finds her daughter safe and sound, holding "Santa" by the hand, with her mother screaming at the top of her lungs.  In this chilling Holiday-filled episode, a woman murders her husband in cold blood on Christmas Eve. As she tries to bury the body outside in the freezing cold snow, she neglects to hear on the news that an escaped mental patient as broken out of the sanitarium, and has already killed four women in the county. The news has even stated that the patient has been seen wearing a Santa Claus suit, a suit he had stolen from one his victims. The mental patient stumbles upon this woman, practically killing her, but she seems to have killed him by stabbing him in the stomach. As she gets a hold of the police on the phone, she is told by the police to look around for a weapon to use, since she has informed the police that the patient has gotten up and entered her house, after she stabbed him the stomach. She goes into the closet to get her gun, but the door locks. As she pounds on the door, trying to get out, the patient climbs up to the woman's daughter's bedroom, with the daughter thinking that's it the real Santa. She busts through the closet and finds her daughter safe and sound, holding "Santa" by the hand, with her mother screaming at the top of her lungs.#3: DIG THAT CAT...HE'S REAL GONE (aired June 10, 1989)   In this brilliant episode, ULRIC (played by Joe Pantoliano) comes across a seemingly mad scientist, who gives Ulric an offer he can't refuse: Have the gland of a cat inserted into his brain to give him the ability to resurrected after he is killed. The surgery goes successful, where Ulric becomes a classic act at the county fairs. He has been drowned, shot in the heart with an arrow, electrocuted, and many more. But he just kept coming back from beyond the grave. Here is now about to pull his next death stunt: being buried alive for twelve hours, and then resurrected. But...wait a minute. Ulric has already died and been resurrected...nine times.   In this brilliant episode, ULRIC (played by Joe Pantoliano) comes across a seemingly mad scientist, who gives Ulric an offer he can't refuse: Have the gland of a cat inserted into his brain to give him the ability to resurrected after he is killed. The surgery goes successful, where Ulric becomes a classic act at the county fairs. He has been drowned, shot in the heart with an arrow, electrocuted, and many more. But he just kept coming back from beyond the grave. Here is now about to pull his next death stunt: being buried alive for twelve hours, and then resurrected. But...wait a minute. Ulric has already died and been resurrected...nine times.#4: ONLY SIN DEEP (aired June 14, 1989)   In this sexy and beauty-filled episode, SYLVIA (played by Lea Thompson) is a 21-year-old hooker, looking to quit the business and clean up her act. She does so with the money she has robbed from her pimp...after killing him. She goes into a pawn shop to have her pimp's jewelery, but the pawner reveals that the jewelery isn't worth crap, for the jewelery is "hot". But he's willing to pay Sylvia $10,000 for her "beauty". He informs her that if she wants her beauty back, she has to get it back within a four-month period. Okay, whatever, you old whack-job. Sylvia goes through with the pawning of her beauty and goes out on her way with her 10 Gs. She meets a playboy and begins dating him. Four months go by and Sylvia begins seeing some odd changes in her complextion. She goes to a dermotologist, but he cannot seem to figure out what is wrong, where it is then and there that Sylvia figures out that the pawner was not kidding. She demands her beauty back, but the pawner will only sell it back to her for...$100,000. She kills her playboy boyfriend, and scrapes up every piece of jewelery he ever bought her. She gets her beauty back, which was formed in a plaster-of-paris head of her own self, but it ends up being smashed to pieces when one of Sylvia's hooker friends bumps right into her, not recognizing Sylvia, for she has become so hideous, like an old, disgusting haggard witch.   In this sexy and beauty-filled episode, SYLVIA (played by Lea Thompson) is a 21-year-old hooker, looking to quit the business and clean up her act. She does so with the money she has robbed from her pimp...after killing him. She goes into a pawn shop to have her pimp's jewelery, but the pawner reveals that the jewelery isn't worth crap, for the jewelery is "hot". But he's willing to pay Sylvia $10,000 for her "beauty". He informs her that if she wants her beauty back, she has to get it back within a four-month period. Okay, whatever, you old whack-job. Sylvia goes through with the pawning of her beauty and goes out on her way with her 10 Gs. She meets a playboy and begins dating him. Four months go by and Sylvia begins seeing some odd changes in her complextion. She goes to a dermotologist, but he cannot seem to figure out what is wrong, where it is then and there that Sylvia figures out that the pawner was not kidding. She demands her beauty back, but the pawner will only sell it back to her for...$100,000. She kills her playboy boyfriend, and scrapes up every piece of jewelery he ever bought her. She gets her beauty back, which was formed in a plaster-of-paris head of her own self, but it ends up being smashed to pieces when one of Sylvia's hooker friends bumps right into her, not recognizing Sylvia, for she has become so hideous, like an old, disgusting haggard witch.#5: LOVER, COME HACK TO ME (aired June 21, 1989)  In this ciller, Charles has found Peggy, the perfect girl. Peggy has found Charles, the perfect man. The two have married, against the wishes of Peggy's aunt. On their way to their honeymoon, they are stranded into an old house, where they have to succomb into spending their wedding night in this disgusting old house. Peggy wants her wedding night to be perfect, so consumating their marriage on the sofa is not a good idea. Comsumating their marriage in a bed is much better. They do their thing, and they both fall asleep, where Peggy says in a sort of joking way that they've made a child, a little girl. Charles falls asleep, but he wakes up to the sound of Peggy entering the house with another man. He watches his own wife screw another guy on the sofa, where they guy falls asleep, while Peggy tells him of how they've just conceived a child, a little girl. She then picks up an axe, leans over to the man's ear and simply says, "Peggy would make a great name for our little girl, wouldn't it?" She swings the axe and kills the guy she just had sex with. Charles wakes up in horror, for it was only a nightmare, but it was a nightmare about a true fact: Peggy's mother had killed her Peggy's father on their wedding night, after they had consumated their marriage, where her mother and father had just conceived Peggy that very night. Peggy's mother said she did it to consume the perfect love to a perfect wedding night. But Charles claims that he didn't marry Peggy out of love. He married her for her money, and he was going to murder Peggy that very night, report to the police that an accident had happened, where he would inherit the money, but Peggy has made a change in plans: continuing her family tradition, which is: Murdering her husband to consume the perfect love on the perfect wedding night, after consumating their marriage, which led into the conception of their daughter.  In this ciller, Charles has found Peggy, the perfect girl. Peggy has found Charles, the perfect man. The two have married, against the wishes of Peggy's aunt. On their way to their honeymoon, they are stranded into an old house, where they have to succomb into spending their wedding night in this disgusting old house. Peggy wants her wedding night to be perfect, so consumating their marriage on the sofa is not a good idea. Comsumating their marriage in a bed is much better. They do their thing, and they both fall asleep, where Peggy says in a sort of joking way that they've made a child, a little girl. Charles falls asleep, but he wakes up to the sound of Peggy entering the house with another man. He watches his own wife screw another guy on the sofa, where they guy falls asleep, while Peggy tells him of how they've just conceived a child, a little girl. She then picks up an axe, leans over to the man's ear and simply says, "Peggy would make a great name for our little girl, wouldn't it?" She swings the axe and kills the guy she just had sex with. Charles wakes up in horror, for it was only a nightmare, but it was a nightmare about a true fact: Peggy's mother had killed her Peggy's father on their wedding night, after they had consumated their marriage, where her mother and father had just conceived Peggy that very night. Peggy's mother said she did it to consume the perfect love to a perfect wedding night. But Charles claims that he didn't marry Peggy out of love. He married her for her money, and he was going to murder Peggy that very night, report to the police that an accident had happened, where he would inherit the money, but Peggy has made a change in plans: continuing her family tradition, which is: Murdering her husband to consume the perfect love on the perfect wedding night, after consumating their marriage, which led into the conception of their daughter.#6: COLLECTION COMPLETED (aired June 28, 1989)  In this lame episode, Audrey Lindley (the actress best known for her role as HELEN ROPER on Three's Company) plays a lonely housewife, who's husband named JULIAS has just retired. One the first day of his retirement, her husband is already going crazy because of all the animals his wife has in the house. She continues to claim that she does not want to get rid of the animals because they are her "friends", they've kept her company all those years her husband had spent working, instead of paying more attention to his own wife. Days go by, and the house is seeing less and less of the animals. Julias then shows his wife where all the animals have gone: in his basement...stuffed. The last animal to be taken care of is a cat, but Julias' wife bashes his skull in. But the next afternoon, she is sitting in the living room with Julias, talking to him as if he were still alive. Their friendly next-door neighbor drops by, where he discovers Julias' stuffed body.  In this lame episode, Audrey Lindley (the actress best known for her role as HELEN ROPER on Three's Company) plays a lonely housewife, who's husband named JULIAS has just retired. One the first day of his retirement, her husband is already going crazy because of all the animals his wife has in the house. She continues to claim that she does not want to get rid of the animals because they are her "friends", they've kept her company all those years her husband had spent working, instead of paying more attention to his own wife. Days go by, and the house is seeing less and less of the animals. Julias then shows his wife where all the animals have gone: in his basement...stuffed. The last animal to be taken care of is a cat, but Julias' wife bashes his skull in. But the next afternoon, she is sitting in the living room with Julias, talking to him as if he were still alive. Their friendly next-door neighbor drops by, where he discovers Julias' stuffed body.    This was a great season. But stay tuned, Boils and Ghouls. There's plenty more terrifying tales to come in the following seasons *CRYPT KEEPER'S CACKLE
 Visually & aurally this is a feast!  Great musicianship, excellent lighting, colour, camera angles etc etc.   If you know & like Pat & know the piece you won't be really disappointed BUT the reason it's 4* & not 5* for me is a combination of 2 things relatively insignificant in themselves but together worth knocking off a star.  First, there's no intro (the first note is struck with the title screen still showing) & no pictures of the band standing & taking the crowd's ovation (the credits start rolling straight after the last note);  I always find it nice to get a sense of the atmosphere, location & occasion before AND after the music starts playing.  Second, those familiar with the piece will be aware of the extraordinary guitar/trumpet interplay closing out Part Two; well, I'm not sure if this is in the playing or sound on the night or the dvd mixing but as the sound builds the trumpet dynamic gets a bit lost & all you really hear as an individual voice is the guitar synth - great of course but could've been even better!  This said, 4* for a Pat product still means a "must buy"!
 'The Bunker' is one of three films that deal with Hitler's final days as the Soviets encircle Berlin and put an end to the Third Reich in April/May 1945.'The Bunker' is one of three films that deal with Hitler's final days as the Soviets encircle Berlin and put an end to the Third Reich in April/May 1945.'The Bunker' is both one of the best and one of the worst of the three (the others being 1973's 'Hitler: the last ten days' and 2005's 'Downfall') at the same time.  The triumph of 'The Bunker' is Anthony Hopkins tour de force performance as Hitler, at times so exact it is as if you are watching a newsreel.  The element that makes the film almost painful to watch is that almost a 1/3 of it is dedicated to the whitewashing of convicted Nazi war criminal Albert Speer.'The Bunker' is both one of the best and one of the worst of the three (the others being 1973's 'Hitler: the last ten days' and 2005's 'Downfall') at the same time.  The triumph of 'The Bunker' is Anthony Hopkins tour de force performance as Hitler, at times so exact it is as if you are watching a newsreel.  The element that makes the film almost painful to watch is that almost a 1/3 of it is dedicated to the whitewashing of convicted Nazi war criminal Albert Speer.One thing that makes 'The Bunker' different from the others is the occasional use of flashbacks, and although brief they do allow Hopkins to portray Hitler in different venues and in a relaxed mode, casually chating and enjoying the company of friends when times were fat.  In the bunker itself Hopkins turns Hitler purple in a full throttle rage as he yells about the need to destroy "the scourge and pestilence of Jewish Marxism!"One thing that makes 'The Bunker' different from the others is the occasional use of flashbacks, and although brief they do allow Hopkins to portray Hitler in different venues and in a relaxed mode, casually chating and enjoying the company of friends when times were fat.  In the bunker itself Hopkins turns Hitler purple in a full throttle rage as he yells about the need to destroy "the scourge and pestilence of Jewish Marxism!"'Hitler: the last ten days' does a bit better than the rest in portraying the supporting cast of characters in the drama but one stands out in 'The Bunker' and that is Michael Lonsdale as Martin Borman, Hitler's personal secretary and gatekeeper, a man of considerable power who plays his cards close to the vest and is always scheming to stay one step ahead of his rivals.  Despite its flaws 'The Bunker' earns a high rating as the Hopkins performance simply cannot be missed. 
 this is a fantastic video. I use it regularly for teaching. It gives a wonderful &amp; sophisticated view of chuck close as an individual and an artist, as well as a glimpse of the other artist's work who are interviewed in the video. It is filmed in a very immediate and personal style. There is nothing stiff, boring, or disconnected about it, common faults of many art videos. Anyone who has experienced a similar tragedy in their family will find the discussion of chuck's &quot;event&quot; very moving, and not at all sappy
 Bergman first introduced us to Johan and Marianne in his 1974 masterpiece Scenes from a Marriage, one of the cinema's most exacting dissections of our all-too-human failure to connect.  Bergman and the splendid Scandanavian actors Erland Josephson and Liv Ullmann took us through Johan and Marianne's marriage, divorce, and post-divorce reconciliation.  In the end, they live apart, but still make room for the bond between them.  Three decades later, Bergman, Josephson and Ullmann have given us Saraband, a late-life gift.  Marianne decides that even though she hasn't seen Johan since the 1970s, it's time to make contact again.  Johan has inherited money from an aunt, and lives in splendid isolation overlooking a lake.  She literally wakes him with a kiss, but soon enough Marianne's fantasy of an idyllic reunion evaporates as she gets drawn deeper into the power struggles in Johan's family.Three decades later, Bergman, Josephson and Ullmann have given us Saraband, a late-life gift.  Marianne decides that even though she hasn't seen Johan since the 1970s, it's time to make contact again.  Johan has inherited money from an aunt, and lives in splendid isolation overlooking a lake.  She literally wakes him with a kiss, but soon enough Marianne's fantasy of an idyllic reunion evaporates as she gets drawn deeper into the power struggles in Johan's family.Henrik, Johan's son, is staying in a nearby cottage with his daughter Karin.  Both of them still mourn Anna, Henrik's wife and Karin's mother, who died two years before.  Henrik, a music teacher, is preparing Karin, an accomplished cellist, for her conservatory entrance exams.  The elderly Johan remains cold-hearted but charismatic (not unlike Bergman's own father) and one of the questions the movie explores is why people are so attracted to him.  Henrik wants his father's affection and acceptance, even though Johan refuses to give it, ostensibly due to some slight by Henrik when he was 19 years old.  In a painful scene, Henrik goes to Johan to ask for money to help Karin, and in his 61 year old face, we see the bewilderment of the boy who never came to grips with his self-absorbed father.Henrik, Johan's son, is staying in a nearby cottage with his daughter Karin.  Both of them still mourn Anna, Henrik's wife and Karin's mother, who died two years before.  Henrik, a music teacher, is preparing Karin, an accomplished cellist, for her conservatory entrance exams.  The elderly Johan remains cold-hearted but charismatic (not unlike Bergman's own father) and one of the questions the movie explores is why people are so attracted to him.  Henrik wants his father's affection and acceptance, even though Johan refuses to give it, ostensibly due to some slight by Henrik when he was 19 years old.  In a painful scene, Henrik goes to Johan to ask for money to help Karin, and in his 61 year old face, we see the bewilderment of the boy who never came to grips with his self-absorbed father.For Karin, her grandfather is a counterweight to the suffocating embrace of her father.  Karin struggles to figure out what she owes Henrik, what she owes to the memory of her mother, and what she owes to herself.  She lets Marianne see some, but not all, of the turmoil she's going through.  For Marianne, her attraction to Johan remains as difficult to pin down as it was when she was married to him.  She's always wanted something from him, but since she can't define what it is, she'll probably never get it.For Karin, her grandfather is a counterweight to the suffocating embrace of her father.  Karin struggles to figure out what she owes Henrik, what she owes to the memory of her mother, and what she owes to herself.  She lets Marianne see some, but not all, of the turmoil she's going through.  For Marianne, her attraction to Johan remains as difficult to pin down as it was when she was married to him.  She's always wanted something from him, but since she can't define what it is, she'll probably never get it.The struggles between the characters get played out over ten riveting scenes bookended by Marianne's opening and closing monologues.  Karin makes her choices.  Henrik reacts.  Marianne throws herself once more against Johan's emotional aloofness.  As he's done throughout his brilliant career, Bergman brings it alive through artful dialog, perfect dramatic timing, and riveting cinematic composition.  The characters are not always likable, but they are never less than engrossing.The struggles between the characters get played out over ten riveting scenes bookended by Marianne's opening and closing monologues.  Karin makes her choices.  Henrik reacts.  Marianne throws herself once more against Johan's emotional aloofness.  As he's done throughout his brilliant career, Bergman brings it alive through artful dialog, perfect dramatic timing, and riveting cinematic composition.  The characters are not always likable, but they are never less than engrossing.The Criterion's DVD includes a mini-documentary of Bergman making Saraband.  We watch the 87 year old director slump to the floor to illustrate some blocking, kid around with the crew, poke and prod his actors into position.  It's a treat to watch him work.  One wonders if any other director will ever elicit such an emotionally powerful performance from Julia Dufvenius, the fine young actress who plays Karin.  One also wonders why Bergman put himself through the grueling labor of making another film after he'd announced he was through.  The Criterion's DVD includes a mini-documentary of Bergman making Saraband.  We watch the 87 year old director slump to the floor to illustrate some blocking, kid around with the crew, poke and prod his actors into position.  It's a treat to watch him work.  One wonders if any other director will ever elicit such an emotionally powerful performance from Julia Dufvenius, the fine young actress who plays Karin.  One also wonders why Bergman put himself through the grueling labor of making another film after he'd announced he was through.  Bergman spent his entire career obsessed by the difficulties of human connection.  Apparently he wants to say one last thing about it, which seems to be this:  after all the tears and shouting, all the posturing and cruelty, all the reaching out and pulling back, this is what remains:  marriages of true minds (the photo of Anna used in the film is a picture of Bergman's great love, his deceased wife Ingrid); the fraught ties of fathers and sons; memories of old loves; what you give and get from children; and the devolution of the flesh.  None of it is easy, the master tells us, but all of it is necessary.  In the end, it's all you have.Bergman spent his entire career obsessed by the difficulties of human connection.  Apparently he wants to say one last thing about it, which seems to be this:  after all the tears and shouting, all the posturing and cruelty, all the reaching out and pulling back, this is what remains:  marriages of true minds (the photo of Anna used in the film is a picture of Bergman's great love, his deceased wife Ingrid); the fraught ties of fathers and sons; memories of old loves; what you give and get from children; and the devolution of the flesh.  None of it is easy, the master tells us, but all of it is necessary.  In the end, it's all you have.What's truly sad is that Bergman, sixty years after embarking on his cinematic journey, claims that he's done.  He did for film what Shakespeare did for theater, took it to new levels by expanding the language used to describe the glories and follies of human striving.  He will certainly be missed and he can't be replaced.What's truly sad is that Bergman, sixty years after embarking on his cinematic journey, claims that he's done.  He did for film what Shakespeare did for theater, took it to new levels by expanding the language used to describe the glories and follies of human striving.  He will certainly be missed and he can't be replaced.But don't see Saraband for nostalgic reasons.  It's a moving, insightful film that deserves a place in the director's canon.  Saraband stands on its own, but it's a deeper experience if you watch Scenes from a Marriage first.
 The enduring legacy around Franois Truffaut's emotionally turbulent 1962 film depends primarily on how compatible the three actors are in inhabiting the triangle at the core of the story adapted from Henri-Pierre Roch semi-autobiographical novel. And in showing that elusive rapport, Oskar Werner, Henri Serre and especially Jeanne Moreau provide superbly etched characterizations in one of the defining works of the French New Wave. Fortunately, the two-disc Criterion Collection DVD set provides an appropriately rich package for this classic, although the print transfer is frustratingly variable at times.The enduring legacy around Franois Truffaut's emotionally turbulent 1962 film depends primarily on how compatible the three actors are in inhabiting the triangle at the core of the story adapted from Henri-Pierre Roch semi-autobiographical novel. And in showing that elusive rapport, Oskar Werner, Henri Serre and especially Jeanne Moreau provide superbly etched characterizations in one of the defining works of the French New Wave. Fortunately, the two-disc Criterion Collection DVD set provides an appropriately rich package for this classic, although the print transfer is frustratingly variable at times.The story focuses on the friendship between two writers, an Austrian named Jules and a Frenchman named Jim, kindred spirits who enjoy a decadent lifestyle in pre-WWI Paris. Inspired by a statue of a woman's face with a most enigmatic smile, they agree that they are destined to fall in love with a woman with the same smile. Enter Catherine, as seductively capricious a free-spirit as ever there was in cinema, and the two men are instantly enamored. Jules is intent on marrying her, even though it's clear from the outset that she is not one who could commit for the long term. The war intercedes, and the two friends are fighting on opposite sides. After the war, Catherine, married to Jules and raising their young daughter, is emotionally dissatisfied and embarks on an affair with Jim. With Jules' blessing, things are idyllic for a while, but Jim proves too much the alpha male to defer to Catherine's whims, and the resulting imbalance leads to increasingly dramatic consequences.The story focuses on the friendship between two writers, an Austrian named Jules and a Frenchman named Jim, kindred spirits who enjoy a decadent lifestyle in pre-WWI Paris. Inspired by a statue of a woman's face with a most enigmatic smile, they agree that they are destined to fall in love with a woman with the same smile. Enter Catherine, as seductively capricious a free-spirit as ever there was in cinema, and the two men are instantly enamored. Jules is intent on marrying her, even though it's clear from the outset that she is not one who could commit for the long term. The war intercedes, and the two friends are fighting on opposite sides. After the war, Catherine, married to Jules and raising their young daughter, is emotionally dissatisfied and embarks on an affair with Jim. With Jules' blessing, things are idyllic for a while, but Jim proves too much the alpha male to defer to Catherine's whims, and the resulting imbalance leads to increasingly dramatic consequences.In just his third film, Truffaut's trademark style emerges with fast cuts between scenes and naturalistic camera movements (courtesy of Raoul Coutard's fluid cinematography). Moreover, George Delerue's animated music score and Michel Subor's voiceover add to the evocative photo-album memory atmosphere. At times, the storyline feels a bit disjointed, but the fulsome performances more than compensate. Werner fully captures the internal struggle within Jules in attempting to reconcile his love for Catherine with her impossible demands on him. Serre has the comparatively more objective role but convincingly shows his character surrendering to the tangled situation. After her impressive turn as an obsessed adulterer in Louie Malle's "Elevator to the Gallows", Moreau solidifies her vaunted reputation here, conveying Catherine's petulance and unyielding passion in a vividly mercurial fashion.In just his third film, Truffaut's trademark style emerges with fast cuts between scenes and naturalistic camera movements (courtesy of Raoul Coutard's fluid cinematography). Moreover, George Delerue's animated music score and Michel Subor's voiceover add to the evocative photo-album memory atmosphere. At times, the storyline feels a bit disjointed, but the fulsome performances more than compensate. Werner fully captures the internal struggle within Jules in attempting to reconcile his love for Catherine with her impossible demands on him. Serre has the comparatively more objective role but convincingly shows his character surrendering to the tangled situation. After her impressive turn as an obsessed adulterer in Louie Malle's "Elevator to the Gallows", Moreau solidifies her vaunted reputation here, conveying Catherine's petulance and unyielding passion in a vividly mercurial fashion.The DVD extras are abundant starting with two commentary tracks. The first one, a more factual account of the production, was recorded in 1992 with Truffaut collaborator Suzanne Schiffman, editor Claudine Bouche, co-screenwriter Jean Gruault, and scholar Annette Insdorf. The second, produced in 2000, is far better as it has Moreau sharing her personal recollections of the filming with Truffaut biographer Serge Toubiana. Disc One also includes a brief 1966 interview with Truffaut discussing Roch and a 1985 featurette, "The Key to Jules and Jim", which contains interviews with the author's friends as they discuss the inspirations for the characters. Disc Two takes a broader look at Truffaut with five separate interviews with the director over the span of fifteen years, as well as insightful interviews with Coutard and co-screenwriter Jean Gruault
 I'll tell ya... if I read one more review written by someone born after 1980 dissing Bakshi, I think I'm going to start kicking rump and taking names. Do people diss Disney? Hardly, until they became such a movie mill that they are computer generating what used to be created by hand with a loving touch.I'll tell ya... if I read one more review written by someone born after 1980 dissing Bakshi, I think I'm going to start kicking rump and taking names. Do people diss Disney? Hardly, until they became such a movie mill that they are computer generating what used to be created by hand with a loving touch.Look at "Cool World" as the AntiToonworld of "Roger Rabbit". The characters are psychedelic, psychotic, retro and bent. There is a great deal of (expected) sexuality and lewdness, pushing the edge of the PG-13 as far as it can go. Lots of puns and inside jokes it takes an adult to appreciate, something Warner Bros. cartoons were masters at. Granted, they don't always hit the mark here, and there's more chemistry when the Doodles are on than when the Noids take over.Look at "Cool World" as the AntiToonworld of "Roger Rabbit". The characters are psychedelic, psychotic, retro and bent. There is a great deal of (expected) sexuality and lewdness, pushing the edge of the PG-13 as far as it can go. Lots of puns and inside jokes it takes an adult to appreciate, something Warner Bros. cartoons were masters at. Granted, they don't always hit the mark here, and there's more chemistry when the Doodles are on than when the Noids take over.But I dare anyone to watch that scene with Holli cooing "Let's Make Love" to a sweating Mel Torme wannabe while she's having trouble keeping her Noidness intact and not feel the simulataneous urge to salivate and giggle. The transformation of Noids to Doodles when the wand is removed is humorous... a lounge lizard literally becomes one, a cowboy becomes a horse, a female lead a blank eyed Orphan Annie. But I dare anyone to watch that scene with Holli cooing "Let's Make Love" to a sweating Mel Torme wannabe while she's having trouble keeping her Noidness intact and not feel the simulataneous urge to salivate and giggle. The transformation of Noids to Doodles when the wand is removed is humorous... a lounge lizard literally becomes one, a cowboy becomes a horse, a female lead a blank eyed Orphan Annie. The end cap, where Byrne's character becomes a dim witted but sincere superhero, is happily reminiscent of Captain Sternn from "Heavy Metal". The end cap, where Byrne's character becomes a dim witted but sincere superhero, is happily reminiscent of Captain Sternn from "Heavy Metal". Yes, the acting is practically phoned in. Yes, the plot is odd. But get over it, folks, it's adult animation, and it's entertaining. I watch it again and again... and I always laugh
 Trapping a group of unsuspecting strangers in a house with no exits is not a new concept. They did it in Saw II, House on Haunted Hill, And Then There Were None, and I'm sure quite a few others. But that plot seems to always work. It does for me. House of 9 is no exception. It doesn't follow a storyline that's predictable, even though the plot is not unknown. There are surprises, suspense, thrills and tense moments. Believe me, you won't predict the ending. I was very satisfied with the movement of this film. It's an interesting watch
 Samuel Jackson and Kevin Spacey turn two distinct yet strong performances.  Jackson is always great to watch for his intensity, and this role suits that to a tee.  Spacey continues to impress with a solid and believable performance.  This film and its settings/supporting cast are *slightly* dated by today's standards, but the two main actors and the good story more than make up for it.  Highly worthwile
 Spider-Man 2 is better than the original Spider-Man. I feel I should get that out of the way first, since most sequels have a tough time topping the first one. However, I feel Spider-Man 2 is only better in the sense that if the same production staff remade Spider-Man, it should naturally be better. That's what this sequel feels like, a literal remake with some spiced up elements here and there. It's a good film, but it's not really the way I thought a sequel should be.Spider-Man 2 is better than the original Spider-Man. I feel I should get that out of the way first, since most sequels have a tough time topping the first one. However, I feel Spider-Man 2 is only better in the sense that if the same production staff remade Spider-Man, it should naturally be better. That's what this sequel feels like, a literal remake with some spiced up elements here and there. It's a good film, but it's not really the way I thought a sequel should be.Effects are even better than the first, and the tentacles of Doc Ock make for some truly spectacular battles, including a centerpiece on a runaway train. Tobey Maguire continues to give an excellent portrayal of Peter Parker, and has good chemistry with Kirsten Dunst as Mary Jane. Alfred Molina has more to work with as Doc Ock than Dafoe did as the Goblin, and humanizes what was once a wacky villain. James Franco continues to develop Harry Osborn well, and the supporting cast like JK Simmons and Rosemary Harris fill out the high-caliber acting. Effects are even better than the first, and the tentacles of Doc Ock make for some truly spectacular battles, including a centerpiece on a runaway train. Tobey Maguire continues to give an excellent portrayal of Peter Parker, and has good chemistry with Kirsten Dunst as Mary Jane. Alfred Molina has more to work with as Doc Ock than Dafoe did as the Goblin, and humanizes what was once a wacky villain. James Franco continues to develop Harry Osborn well, and the supporting cast like JK Simmons and Rosemary Harris fill out the high-caliber acting. But the script needs work. It uses one of the worst superhero cliches as the main plot, that of the hero calling it quits. It's never convincing, and the film drags as we wait for Peter to realize things we've known all along. Character relationships, though well-acted, don't seem to have progressed since the first movie. We're still treading the Peter/Mary Jane love triangle, just with a different third wheel. Harry still has his on/off friendship with Peter. There are nice plot twists that shake things up towards the end, but most of the film is wasted on the exact same angst from the first one. For a story supposedly set 3 years later, it might as well have been 3 days.  But the script needs work. It uses one of the worst superhero cliches as the main plot, that of the hero calling it quits. It's never convincing, and the film drags as we wait for Peter to realize things we've known all along. Character relationships, though well-acted, don't seem to have progressed since the first movie. We're still treading the Peter/Mary Jane love triangle, just with a different third wheel. Harry still has his on/off friendship with Peter. There are nice plot twists that shake things up towards the end, but most of the film is wasted on the exact same angst from the first one. For a story supposedly set 3 years later, it might as well have been 3 days.  We get a dvd with good extras and audio/video presentation. I enjoy Spider-Man 2 on its own, and it's nice to have it in my dvd library, but as a sequel it's not fresh enough for me. Hopefully next year's Spider-Man 3 will fix that. 
 had just enough tasteful sex to satisfy and oh yes, the movie was good too :
 Old Boy is the second film in the Revenge Trilogy by Park. The first is Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance and the final being Sympathy for Lady Vengeance.Old Boy is the second film in the Revenge Trilogy by Park. The first is Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance and the final being Sympathy for Lady Vengeance.After being imprisoned for 15 years, Ho Dae-su (whose name means "getting along with everybody") is released and finds he only has 5 days to find his captor and seek his revenge. Once the captor is found, Dae-su will learn about a past he conveniently forgot and find he is in for an even bigger surprise during the final confrontation.After being imprisoned for 15 years, Ho Dae-su (whose name means "getting along with everybody") is released and finds he only has 5 days to find his captor and seek his revenge. Once the captor is found, Dae-su will learn about a past he conveniently forgot and find he is in for an even bigger surprise during the final confrontation.The film is mesmerizing, hypnotic, and well edited with flashbacks and jump cuts. Park makes an elevator ride feel like a roller coaster. There is a notable fight sequence referred to as the "one-take corrider scene" where Dae-su takes several men in mostly hand-to-hand and hammer-to-head combat.The film is mesmerizing, hypnotic, and well edited with flashbacks and jump cuts. Park makes an elevator ride feel like a roller coaster. There is a notable fight sequence referred to as the "one-take corrider scene" where Dae-su takes several men in mostly hand-to-hand and hammer-to-head combat.This is a powerful film. It is a meditation on our addiction to TV, the bloody thirst for revenge, and the tomfoolery your mind resorts to when it is forced to relive your memories. The film will make you question the importance of forgetting, forgiving, and the satisfaction, or lack there of, in seeking revenge.This is a powerful film. It is a meditation on our addiction to TV, the bloody thirst for revenge, and the tomfoolery your mind resorts to when it is forced to relive your memories. The film will make you question the importance of forgetting, forgiving, and the satisfaction, or lack there of, in seeking revenge.The movie has an incredible build leading up to the finale. The end scene is full of twists. You will be amazed and you watch the truth slowly unravel. You learn that one memory is not as it appears and that another more important memory holding the key to the puzzle was completely forgotten. You will learn that getting the revenge is not the most important thing, but instead be able to live with yourself is. You will find that neither man will be able to do so, which leads to an explosive ending. There is also a bizarre, if not disgusting, love story at the center of this.The movie has an incredible build leading up to the finale. The end scene is full of twists. You will be amazed and you watch the truth slowly unravel. You learn that one memory is not as it appears and that another more important memory holding the key to the puzzle was completely forgotten. You will learn that getting the revenge is not the most important thing, but instead be able to live with yourself is. You will find that neither man will be able to do so, which leads to an explosive ending. There is also a bizarre, if not disgusting, love story at the center of this.Favorite Quote: Too many good ones to mention. It is a tie between "Be it a grain of sand or a rock - They both sink" and "Revenge is good for your health, but Pain will find you again."Favorite Quote: Too many good ones to mention. It is a tie between "Be it a grain of sand or a rock - They both sink" and "Revenge is good for your health, but Pain will find you again."DVD Extras: Commentary, Multiple Deleted Scenes, Interview with director, Still Gallery, and Trailers from Tartan Asia Extreme.DVD Extras: Commentary, Multiple Deleted Scenes, Interview with director, Still Gallery, and Trailers from Tartan Asia Extreme.Bottom Line: You will be entranced while following the plot and pleasantly shocked the surprise ending. I will be seeking out Park's other work as well and I suggest you do the same.Bottom Line: You will be entranced while following the plot and pleasantly shocked the surprise ending. I will be seeking out Park's other work as well and I suggest you do the same.Rating: 8.5/10Rating: 8.5/10Rating: 8.5/10Molly Celaschi[..]MySpace.com/HorrorYearboo
 An absolutely wonderful film by Clint Eastwood. Thelonious was an amazing man. He said things on the piano that we wordsmiths aren't able to communicate. His unusual character made for an interesting subplot. This film is footage of the man himself, usually playing his music. I'm just sitting here being stunned.
 The Thin Man movies were funny and sophisticated when they came out and remain so.  It seems rare today to find such rich dialogue. 
 Anchor Bay has come through again with this wonderful set of Paul Verhoeven's early films. All of the transfers are top-notch and the subtitles are very clear and concise. As the individual titles have already been reviewed seperately, the big draw to this collection is being able to collect all of these brilliant films for much less than their retail price. The collectible booklet that's included provides plot summaries and quotes from the director and/or cast member(s). Overall, I highly recommend this collection for even the casual filmgoer who is looking for that unique film experience
 Great acting and development in the multi-linear plot movie. Very heavy movie however, that may be out of some people's "reach" as to understanding and appreciation. Strisand and Nolte were both brilliant
 The tale starts out with a historical reference to Chaucer.  For a fraction you wonder if you are watching the film you expected. And then you see the Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger eagle that transitions us form mid-evil times to present day (1944) England.The tale starts out with a historical reference to Chaucer.  For a fraction you wonder if you are watching the film you expected. And then you see the Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger eagle that transitions us form mid-evil times to present day (1944) England.Time is taken to give depth and background to all the main characters by the use of interactive dialog. We find that each brings different technical skills and interpretations of the road to Canterbury:Time is taken to give depth and background to all the main characters by the use of interactive dialog. We find that each brings different technical skills and interpretations of the road to Canterbury:U.S. Army Sergt. Bob Johnson (U.S. Sergeant John Sweet) on his way to Canterbury mistakenly gets off in the hamlet of Kent. He is accused of having his stripes on upside down.U.S. Army Sergt. Bob Johnson (U.S. Sergeant John Sweet) on his way to Canterbury mistakenly gets off in the hamlet of Kent. He is accused of having his stripes on upside down.British Sgt. Peter Gibbs (Dennis Price) is temporarily stationed at Kent while staging for overseas. He was and theater organ player before the war.British Sgt. Peter Gibbs (Dennis Price) is temporarily stationed at Kent while staging for overseas. He was and theater organ player before the war.Alison Smith (Sheila Sim) a London store clerk before the war is now seeking a job as a `Land Girl'. She seems to have an uncanny knowledge of Kent and the Pilgrims' road to Canterbury.Alison Smith (Sheila Sim) a London store clerk before the war is now seeking a job as a `Land Girl'. She seems to have an uncanny knowledge of Kent and the Pilgrims' road to Canterbury.The night they got off the train at Kent they had a strange encounter with the mysterious "Glue Man".  Then befriended by the local magistrate, Thomas Colpeper, JP (Thomas Colpeper, JP). Mr. Colpeper is interested in the history of the Pilgrims' Road from Kent to Canterbury.The night they got off the train at Kent they had a strange encounter with the mysterious "Glue Man".  Then befriended by the local magistrate, Thomas Colpeper, JP (Thomas Colpeper, JP). Mr. Colpeper is interested in the history of the Pilgrims' Road from Kent to Canterbury.Until you get pretty much through this story you are never really sure where they are trying to take you.  Is the focus on a local mystery? The interaction of the players or the lives of the characters themselves?Until you get pretty much through this story you are never really sure where they are trying to take you.  Is the focus on a local mystery? The interaction of the players or the lives of the characters themselves?--------------------------------------------------------------------Be sure to get the Criterion version with the second DVD. The main item besides the film is the voice over commentary by film historian Ian Christie which will rival the film for entertainment and after watching you may want to give the film that other star.
 This documentary is very concise, and very straight forward.  It does not beat around the bush or preach to the choir.  It features interviews with some very credible sources, all of whom have their unique take on such a timely discussion topic.  I really enjoyed the way the interviews were woven together.  This documentary makes a great point and I'd highly recommend it for anyone who is interested in learning the hard facts about the drug industry and its ethics
 One of the best movies I have seen!!! The subject itself forces you to look at your own limitations on anything that is out of your 'normal' boundaries. After watching this movie, you have a better insight on how limited most of us are and how this causes a lot more harm than we think it does.In terms of film quality, it is also one of the best I have seen. The actors are tremendous, the characters are so accurately portrayed that you actually feel the pain of each one of them. Of course, Ludovic's innocence is rendered beautifully, but the changes that the mother goes through are very emotionally charged (maybe because I am a mother myself???). She seems at first to be the most understanding of all when it comes to her son's differences, then goes through a confusion stage, and then tries really hard to understand him. But when her family's whole life setting (house, husband's job, social life) goes havoc, she closes down emotionally on her own son which is extremely painful to watch. After one final emotionally violent confrontation with Ludovic, she realizes that she's loosing him and finally sees him the way it should be: her beautiful child, nothing more, nothing less.It is also filmed in a very colorful manner (especially during Ludovic's escapes into dreamland), which accentuate the notion of Ludovic's innocence. The neighborhood setting seems to be a bit of a caricature of American suburbia (green front lawns, barbecue parties) with an European flavor (adults dancing at neighborhood parties). In any case, the movie seems to make a clear statement that intolerance seems to be most prominent in middle-class white surburban populations, which many could find this to be a bit of a stereotype.In any case, I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants something more out of movie than what is presented in mainstream movies.In any case, I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants something more out of movie than what is presented in mainstream movies.
 Monty Python are probably the best known sketch comedian ever. They made a tv show, Monty Python's Flying Circus, and several hilarious movies.Monty Python are probably the best known sketch comedian ever. They made a tv show, Monty Python's Flying Circus, and several hilarious movies.AND NOW FOR SOMETHING COMPLETELY DIFFERENTTheir first movie, which is a collection of their best skits from their tv show. This movie is hilarious. It includes The Lumberjack Song, The Dead Parrot Sketch, The Dirty Fork, and the World Funniest Joke.Their first movie, which is a collection of their best skits from their tv show. This movie is hilarious. It includes The Lumberjack Song, The Dead Parrot Sketch, The Dirty Fork, and the World Funniest Joke.MONTY PYTHON AND THE HOLY GRAILTheir best movie. It's about Arthur and his knights looking for the Holy Grail. This movie will make you laugh insanely. Funny moments include The Killer Rabbit, The Knights Who Say Ni, and The Black Knight.Their best movie. It's about Arthur and his knights looking for the Holy Grail. This movie will make you laugh insanely. Funny moments include The Killer Rabbit, The Knights Who Say Ni, and The Black Knight.THE ADVENTURES OF BARON MUNCHAUSENThis movie is not a Monty Python film but was made by Terry Gilliam and co-stars Eric Idle, both of whom are former Pythons.A must have for any Monty Python fan.A must have for any Monty Python fan.This set deserves the five stars and more. I recommend this to any Monty Python fan, British Comedy fan, or comedy fan in general. Too bad it didn't inlude The Meaning Of Life or Life Of Brian
 We have both of these, although we purchased them seperately. Save yourself the time and money and just get them together. The Magical Halloween Adventure has characters picking out costumes to wear and then it goes into hayrides, pumpkin patches, carving pumpkins and making cider. There is a cute songs about monsters not being scary. The Elmo Says Boo! one has cute songs with different poeple and charcters and of course has Elmo all over it. We have had these since my daughter was 2 and she has never expressed fear about them or anything like that. In my opinion, they are not scary. Also, we watch them year round...especially the Elmo one. She will pull it out and ask for it...who knew you could have Halloween in July??
 I spent ten years working various scenes at the Trinity Church Hellhouse.  Yes, it is a bit campy, and yes, it is often over the top, but I can say that the people are well intentioned, just a bit off target.  I attended Trinity Church from birth until I was 22 years old.  I do not attend their anymore because of the close-minded attitude that is prevalant in this documentary.  I stopped doing HellHouse when they added the decision room my last year.  I just felt it was an un-biblical  scare tactic.  I now feel that way about the entire operation.  The worst feeling I get is knowing the young teenagers are blindly following the leadership without doing any research themselves.  I know because I was once one of them.  I have found that a growing number of former Trinity Youth Group members my age do not attend there for the same reasons I listed above.  This movie will open your eyes to the way teens are herded like cattle in fundamentalist Christian Churches. 
 This is a movie you'll want to watch over again--a number of times for a number of reasons.  For one, you'll want to catch all the laughs that flew by too quick on the first go-round (perhaps the second and third go-round, too, and even beyond).  As the legend goes, with the exception of a few brief, well-timed breathers, director Howard Hawks has the actors assailing us with about 240 words for each of this film's sleek 92 minutes, with the jokes sometimes launched from multiple conversations at once.This is a movie you'll want to watch over again--a number of times for a number of reasons.  For one, you'll want to catch all the laughs that flew by too quick on the first go-round (perhaps the second and third go-round, too, and even beyond).  As the legend goes, with the exception of a few brief, well-timed breathers, director Howard Hawks has the actors assailing us with about 240 words for each of this film's sleek 92 minutes, with the jokes sometimes launched from multiple conversations at once.I agree with the Amazon review: you'll also want to give the movie at least one look devoted exclusively to Cary Grant's performance as master-manipulator news chief Walter Burns.  One can only marvel at his hair-trigger, incendiary reactions to each situational development.  The big scoop involves the politically-driven gallows sentence of a meek little "anarchist" (John Qualen) alleged to have killed a black cop, and while ferociously tracking the story, Burns chats up and tries to reclaim his ace reporter, Hildy Johnson.I agree with the Amazon review: you'll also want to give the movie at least one look devoted exclusively to Cary Grant's performance as master-manipulator news chief Walter Burns.  One can only marvel at his hair-trigger, incendiary reactions to each situational development.  The big scoop involves the politically-driven gallows sentence of a meek little "anarchist" (John Qualen) alleged to have killed a black cop, and while ferociously tracking the story, Burns chats up and tries to reclaim his ace reporter, Hildy Johnson.The movie is based on Hecht and MacArthur's long-running Broadway hit The Front Page.  An early talk-era version had been produced already for the silver screen, but Hawks decided his inspired idea of switching Hildy's gender to that of a woman justified another remake.  He was right: of the various stage and film renditions, His Girl Friday is regarded as the most powerful and effective use of the source material.The movie is based on Hecht and MacArthur's long-running Broadway hit The Front Page.  An early talk-era version had been produced already for the silver screen, but Hawks decided his inspired idea of switching Hildy's gender to that of a woman justified another remake.  He was right: of the various stage and film renditions, His Girl Friday is regarded as the most powerful and effective use of the source material.Handed this basic premise, scriptwriter Charles Lederer added one last layer of complexity: Hildy Johnson is not just any woman, but Walter Burns's ex-wife.  As the action begins, she is bidding the chaotic, cynical, wise-cracking reporter's life farewell, having decided to settle down and marry an insurance man named Bruce Baldwin (Ralph Bellamy, perfect as the earnest, slow-witted foil to Grant).Handed this basic premise, scriptwriter Charles Lederer added one last layer of complexity: Hildy Johnson is not just any woman, but Walter Burns's ex-wife.  As the action begins, she is bidding the chaotic, cynical, wise-cracking reporter's life farewell, having decided to settle down and marry an insurance man named Bruce Baldwin (Ralph Bellamy, perfect as the earnest, slow-witted foil to Grant).On hearing this, Burns hatches his plot.  If he can pull off the entire stunt, he will beat the competition to a story on local corruption.  By getting Hildy involved again, and helping her realize the Hawksian principle that "you are what you do," he will also regain a writer of rare talent.  These two goals alone would be enough to keep his motivation interesting.  But of course the chance to win back his ex-wife brings a sexy tension to the frantic, lunatic action.On hearing this, Burns hatches his plot.  If he can pull off the entire stunt, he will beat the competition to a story on local corruption.  By getting Hildy involved again, and helping her realize the Hawksian principle that "you are what you do," he will also regain a writer of rare talent.  These two goals alone would be enough to keep his motivation interesting.  But of course the chance to win back his ex-wife brings a sexy tension to the frantic, lunatic action.The one thing you have to do is reserve a viewing strictly for watching Rosalind Russell as Hildy.  In the part that literally no one wanted (Jean Arthur, Claudette Colbert, Irene Dunne and Carole Lombard all turned it down), Russell succeeds in making His Girl Friday her movie.  Among her colleagues in the press room (played by a sterling ensemble of character actors), she's got the hard-nosed wit to sound right at home with the boys.  At the same time, she stands out--not just in her bold pinstriped outfits, but with her unflagging dedication to the raw, key-punching grind of the professional "news man."  When necessary she dashes from telephone to telephone, one raging conversation to the next, yet in the movie's moment of high pathos, she manages to be absoltuely riveting while barely raising her voice above a whisper.  Finally, of course, her kinetic scenes with Grant are what earn this movie its reputation as one of the fastest, funniest zingers ever produced.The one thing you have to do is reserve a viewing strictly for watching Rosalind Russell as Hildy.  In the part that literally no one wanted (Jean Arthur, Claudette Colbert, Irene Dunne and Carole Lombard all turned it down), Russell succeeds in making His Girl Friday her movie.  Among her colleagues in the press room (played by a sterling ensemble of character actors), she's got the hard-nosed wit to sound right at home with the boys.  At the same time, she stands out--not just in her bold pinstriped outfits, but with her unflagging dedication to the raw, key-punching grind of the professional "news man."  When necessary she dashes from telephone to telephone, one raging conversation to the next, yet in the movie's moment of high pathos, she manages to be absoltuely riveting while barely raising her voice above a whisper.  Finally, of course, her kinetic scenes with Grant are what earn this movie its reputation as one of the fastest, funniest zingers ever produced.My sole warning: fork over the dough for Columbia's authorized release.  The cheap-o's--and there are several on the market--are pretty shabby in terms of image and sound quality.  With so much re-watching in your future, do what it takes to get the best version
 I don't usually like romance films, but 2046 is brilliant!  I don't usually like romance films, but 2046 is brilliant!  A mind trip AND sensual candy!A mind trip AND sensual candy!If you have a short attention span, you will not appreciate this work of art.  But if the first half draws you in, the second half will BLOW YOUR MIND!If you have a short attention span, you will not appreciate this work of art.  But if the first half draws you in, the second half will BLOW YOUR MIND!Wong Kar Wai sets up analogies between the relationships of each character.  By comparing characters in this way, we are given infinite perspectives on the characters and their emotions.Wong Kar Wai sets up analogies between the relationships of each character.  By comparing characters in this way, we are given infinite perspectives on the characters and their emotions.This is genius!This is genius!This is art!This is art!Full of colorful symbolism
 i have ever seen.What to say for this film.Great acting,great story and great music.Don't hesitate go get it.This will be one of the gems in your movie collection.And please guys when you come to movies like this masterpiece don't give them a 3 star rate.Not beacuse it didn't have many extras or something like this.The movie is that counts
 This entire movie could have run in only 20 minutes and you wouldn't miss anything and might even enjoy it. Unfortunately it ran 88 minutes too long and I couldn't wait for it to end.  I saw it in the theater and the people all around me were all complaining how boring it was. At least a quarter of them walked out before the end. It's that bad. It's a shame, I love a good suspense/horror movie and the decent actors in this movies were waisted
 If you are looking for a good movie to buy for your child, pass on this one. This movie has so many drug references, i can't even begin to explain.(trust me, I just so happen to have taken acid before) This is a movie that NEVER should have been directed toward children.      If you want your child to be drug free when he/she grows up, do not buy this
 Fun to watch but my 9 1/2 yr. old daughter could not follow the moves.  Neither could I for that matter.  We tried to learn the moves through "breaking it down" but there is just not enough repetition.  Too complicated. 
 Every review I've read about this movie pops and fizzes with praise and I just don't get it.  No one speaks until practically 10 minutes into it, and by then you're so confused by the random scenes thrown together and the cyrilic letters, it makes it hard to enjoy what comes next.  If you like extremely BROAD slapstick humor and find that totally charming, then I guess I can see the appeal.  Everyone talks about how this movie spawned so many catch phrases.  I have to wonder what they could be: "Damned Melon!" or "I passed out when I broke my wrist, and when I woke up, the cast was already on!"???  I will say listening to the dubbed english and having the english subtitles on at the same time does add some humor, because they say completely different things, or omit speech altogether.  In sum, don't waste your time
 The acting was very good. The pace was adequate. However, the plot was predictable. The movie just reeks of the intelligent thriller syndrome. Clive's character kept calling this the perfect robbery. The characters talk about the relative intelligence of the other characters or how the other characters can't possibly know what is going on. I'm still not sure what Jody Foster's character brings to the plot.  The acting was very good. The pace was adequate. However, the plot was predictable. The movie just reeks of the intelligent thriller syndrome. Clive's character kept calling this the perfect robbery. The characters talk about the relative intelligence of the other characters or how the other characters can't possibly know what is going on. I'm still not sure what Jody Foster's character brings to the plot.  Any way, they do stupid things. The bank robbers dig a latrine in a storage closet. You don't know the hole is a latrine until the end of the movie. However, they do call it a "s--thole during the movie. They spent hours on this hole. Why not use a bucket instead of a hole in the floor for a latrine? They even brought buckets in with them. They were disguised as painters. Why couldn't Clive's character use a bucket with chemical treatments instead of a hole in a floor of a bank for a latrine. Any way, they do stupid things. The bank robbers dig a latrine in a storage closet. You don't know the hole is a latrine until the end of the movie. However, they do call it a "s--thole during the movie. They spent hours on this hole. Why not use a bucket instead of a hole in the floor for a latrine? They even brought buckets in with them. They were disguised as painters. Why couldn't Clive's character use a bucket with chemical treatments instead of a hole in a floor of a bank for a latrine. Finding plot holes in this movie is like shooting fish in the barrel. Furthermore, the plot is so predictable that it made the movie drag. I have to be honest, I didn't guess the ending. I kicked myself for they gave plenty of clues. For example, a big one is the title of the movie. However, the lame clues (the s--thole) acted like red herrings. They threw me off the scent. 
 Wedding Crashers is the kinda film alot of people will love because it is stupid but alot of others like myself, won't enjoy. two womanizers fall in love, one because he finds out that his gf is not actually a virgin, like first off, what does virginity have to do with love? & second, who would actually believe that she was telling the truth when she said that she was a virgin? & then Owen Wilson's character fall in love with Rachel's McAdams character and well, that's the usual predictable romance plot. the problem with this film is it's not that funny. it seems to think it's better then it is. I don't think I hardly laughed during this film. the part about the "supposive" gay guy like people think he is gay so therefore of course, because it's this kind of film, he ends up being gay and of course, he tries to hit on Vince Vaughn's character in a scene that is beyond creepy. lets just say that "gay" guy is prob one of the worst actors I've seen. & then we get a cameo from Will Ferrell, alot of people I know find this guy "so" funny. but I don't get it. it just wasn't funny to me. u know, I loved the classic, "American Pie" that was just stupid for its own good but it delivered the goods to make it a great comedy! this film wasn't so much funny as stupid. & for the most part, I'm not going to remember this film in 5 years from now because it's just an average film
 It's amazing how Hollywood and the publishing industry have bent their knees to Secession mythology, from Birth of a Nation to the present example of melodramatic falsification. This is a very dull, shapeless, stilted movie. I wouldn't bother to denounce it on artistic grounds, but since it is above all a piece of propaganda, I'm compelled to condemn it as history. What it presents is the "War between the States" version of the Civil War, in which the gallant Southerners defend their homes,their beloved hills and dales, their cultured lives from the inexplicable invasion of the rude hordes of the North. There are only two Black characters, both sentimentally loyal to their Southernness and their masters; otherwise, slavery is beside the point. The generalship of Lee and Jackson, of course, is idolized, while the Northern officers above the rank of colonel are portrayed as fools. The battle scenes are perfectly predictable; guys charge on foot, other guys shoot, the fields are littered with bodies. Wouldn't a little exposition of the logistics of those battle been more interesting? How real is it to show only one train, and that Southern, in a war won more by transportation than by musketry? If you are a believer in the myth of the Lost Cause and the justice of Secession, if you have ever cottoned to the notion that the War wasn't really about slavery, then I challenge you honor! I defy you to read just one heavy, scholarly book, Arguing About Slavery by William Lee Miller, a professor at the University of Virginia. It retells the debates that occurred in the House of Representatives, over slavery, in the 1830s, twenty-five years before the election of Lincoln. The uncompromising sectional hatred expressed in those debates will surely convince you that the Civil War had deeper roots than you thought, and that slavery Was indeed the central issue for both sides, Blue and Grey
 Maybe for some people, to spend 40 days without sex is not big deal, but in Matt Sullivan's case, it could be a total nightmare.After his girlfriend Nicole leaves him, Matt spends about six months devouring girls, until he starts to hallucinate. Advised by his brother, Matt decides that celibacy is the answer to his problems, and proposes to go through lent without sex.For Matt's friends, this odyssey is as absurd as impossible, and immediately they take advantage of the situation to make bets about how long will last Matt's abstinence. He doesn't have it easy, as many temptations will make him suffer, and even smell the possibility of a new love.40 days and 40 nights is a movie that tries to get the most comedy possible out of the sexual frustration of his leading character. In a similar way that other grotesque comedies have try to explode in the past years, this film tries to sell us the idea that relationships based only in sex are less satisfactory than those based on love. OH. WHAT A SHOCKING DISCOVERY!
 Great movie but CD not perfoming in the last few scenes.  It gets stuck or restarts itself.  Very frustrating and more frustrating to have to return new CD
 Editorial ReviewsEditorial ReviewsAmazon.com essential videoAfter initially rejecting the role as too sentimental, Ginger Rogers found the title character of Kitty Foyle to be an Oscar winner and a career breakthrough. Released in 1940, only a year after her nine-picture partnership with Fred Astaire ended, Kitty Foyle helped establish Rogers as a nonmusical box-office star. The film portrays a white-collar working girl who receives a warm and welcome marriage proposal from Mark (James Craig), a kindly but humble doctor. As soon as she accepts, however, she receives a different proposition, this one from her former love, wealthy socialite Wyn (Dennis Morgan), who plans to flee his life and his wife and asks Kitty to join him and live in unwedded bliss in South America. Kitty then recounts her life in flashback to help her choose which man to love. Rogers gives an appealing performance as the feisty yet vulnerable Kitty, who makes up in moxie what she lacks in social status. Did she really deserve the Best Actress Oscar over Bette Davis in The Letter, Joan Fontaine in Rebecca, Katharine Hepburn in The Philadelphia Story, and Martha Scott in Our Town? Well, evidently Rogers had real-life moxie too. --David Horiuchi After initially rejecting the role as too sentimental, Ginger Rogers found the title character of Kitty Foyle to be an Oscar winner and a career breakthrough. Released in 1940, only a year after her nine-picture partnership with Fred Astaire ended, Kitty Foyle helped establish Rogers as a nonmusical box-office star. The film portrays a white-collar working girl who receives a warm and welcome marriage proposal from Mark (James Craig), a kindly but humble doctor. As soon as she accepts, however, she receives a different proposition, this one from her former love, wealthy socialite Wyn (Dennis Morgan), who plans to flee his life and his wife and asks Kitty to join him and live in unwedded bliss in South America. Kitty then recounts her life in flashback to help her choose which man to love. Rogers gives an appealing performance as the feisty yet vulnerable Kitty, who makes up in moxie what she lacks in social status. Did she really deserve the Best Actress Oscar over Bette Davis in The Letter, Joan Fontaine in Rebecca, Katharine Hepburn in The Philadelphia Story, and Martha Scott in Our Town? Well, evidently Rogers had real-life moxie too. --David Horiuchi Product DescriptionKnown for light comedies and her partnership with Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers stepped off the dance floor and into 1940's Oscar spotlight with her Best Actress turn as Kitty, an indomitable working-class girl who endures the rejection of Philadelphia society, makes her own way as a single woman and ultimately chooses between an unmarried arrangement with Main Line scion Wynnewood Strafford VI (Dennis Morgan) or marriage to a struggling physician (James Craig). Rogers' deserved Academy Award confirmed she was more than a dance star - a fact humorously underscored when she returned to the studio and was greeted by staffers and actors in top hats and tails. Jane Wyman won the Best Actress Academy Award for her sensitive portrayal of Belinda, capturing the girl's affecting isolation, awakening desire to learn and ultimate triumph. Directed by Jean Negulesco and co-starring Lew Ayres, Charles Bickford and Agnes Moorehead (all four Oscar nominees* for their fine work), Johnny Belinda (nominated for a total 11 Oscars including Best Picture) blends atmosphere, nuance and high drama into a heartbreaking classi
 I'm surprised by all the praise this movie gets here at Amazon and beyond. There really wasn't much here I liked. The soundtrack was the usual "pap" you'd expect from a family friendly movie, though the sets were nice. It seems this movie was just miscast. Mel just doesn't do comedy all that well, at least for a lead role. Jame Garner, the reason I bought this seems more like a bystander. And Jodie is Jodie and I never bought for a moment she was her character. I'm surprised by all the praise this movie gets here at Amazon and beyond. There really wasn't much here I liked. The soundtrack was the usual "pap" you'd expect from a family friendly movie, though the sets were nice. It seems this movie was just miscast. Mel just doesn't do comedy all that well, at least for a lead role. Jame Garner, the reason I bought this seems more like a bystander. And Jodie is Jodie and I never bought for a moment she was her character. Although the cast is a powerhouse (on paper), sadly the chemistry never really works and the jokes are just cornball. An example: There was a sequence when Bret asks his friends (who are standing behind him) to whistle to reveal themselves to some bandits he was confronting; which as it turns out they are unable to do. Instead Jodie and James, blow madly, just like the movie.Although the cast is a powerhouse (on paper), sadly the chemistry never really works and the jokes are just cornball. An example: There was a sequence when Bret asks his friends (who are standing behind him) to whistle to reveal themselves to some bandits he was confronting; which as it turns out they are unable to do. Instead Jodie and James, blow madly, just like the movie.This movie reminds me a HELL of a lot like ''The Three Amigo's''; on paper you would think it couldn't miss, but on film it's painful to watch
 this has got to be the WORST film I've ever seen. its not sad. Its not funny, jest over blow mellow dramatic garbage. I don't have any sympathy toward nick in this movie, because he does give you anything to work with or want to keep him. the actor is the worst of all. i cant tell if he's sad in some seens, or angry or jest retarded. I've seen some sad movies but this one jest sucks, I guess its aimed at a different time of homosexuals instead of the present. it probably worked better back in 96'. but this movie is SO SO SO BAD. its embarrassing. do not rent it or buy it or view it on television.NOTE'S: THIS FILM HAD  SOME GREAT TALENTA song from Olivia Newton Jon, and (one of my most personal favorites) Mila AND my favorite comedians Margaret Cho. She's to good but...why this film, she (and Mila ) are to good for some want to be tearjerker movie like this.    
 I was very excited about this film as a fan of both the book and Ghibli Studios previous works. All the greater the disappointment then, when less than half way through, the story becomes something utterly unrecognizable from the original, several key characters are lumped together most confusingly, and others lose all their complex charm. What a shame. I was very excited about this film as a fan of both the book and Ghibli Studios previous works. All the greater the disappointment then, when less than half way through, the story becomes something utterly unrecognizable from the original, several key characters are lumped together most confusingly, and others lose all their complex charm. What a shame. If you have never read the book and are a fan of Miyazaki, by all means buy this. You're very likely to enjoy the excellent animation and yet another unusual story from him.If you have never read the book and are a fan of Miyazaki, by all means buy this. You're very likely to enjoy the excellent animation and yet another unusual story from him.If you are a fan of the book, steer well clear. You're likely to want to poke Miyazaki with a stick and see if his head turns into a turnip or his turnip into a head.
 Along with the nanny, the stepdad, the cable guy, the 14-year-old girl with a crush... we now have the PHOTO PROCESSING CLERK to fear! Yes, everyone is out to get us.. or at least that's what Hollywood would have us believe.Along with the nanny, the stepdad, the cable guy, the 14-year-old girl with a crush... we now have the PHOTO PROCESSING CLERK to fear! Yes, everyone is out to get us.. or at least that's what Hollywood would have us believe.I am getting sick of films like this that constantly contort  normal healthy human interaction and community relations into perverse horrors that are far from reality. No wonder we live in a culture of such exagerrated suspicion, mistrust, fear (and the resulting isolation) when we have films like this constantly stoking these fears of people around us.    I am getting sick of films like this that constantly contort  normal healthy human interaction and community relations into perverse horrors that are far from reality. No wonder we live in a culture of such exagerrated suspicion, mistrust, fear (and the resulting isolation) when we have films like this constantly stoking these fears of people around us.    Yes, films like these have their place. However, I think Hollywood has taken it a bit too far and needs to pull itself back into reality. Yes, films like these have their place. However, I think Hollywood has taken it a bit too far and needs to pull itself back into reality. Yes, films like these have their place. However, I think Hollywood has taken it a bit too far and needs to pull itself back into reality. 
 Well, I sure could have skipped this one.  I well remember the critics raving over this on television, but why is beyond me.  Mostly, I was just plain bored.  There simply was no depth at all, just bunches of short takes and wise cracks.  Bush was just downright dirty, making insults and slurs all over the place, something I do not consider an appropriate attitude in a man who would be President.  And it is interesting that in one of the reviews it was noted that Mary Matalen, the deputy manager of Bush's campaign and very acid-tongued (maybe she wrote some of the slurs Bush used), is now the wife of James Carville, top strategist for Clinton's campaign, and basically the star of the movie.  But all the scenes were focused on the funny quip, the bon mot, no long scenes of the nitty-gritty work, or any answers to any questions about Clinton either, for that matter. 
 So I bought this movie because some of the reviews said that the acting was terrible but the dancing was amazing.  Well, anyone who thinks that the salsa dancing in this movie is amazing, awesome, good, or ok, has never actually SEEN salsa dancing!!I am a salsa dancer, and this movie was HORRIBLE!!!  I have seen amazing dancing, and good dancing.  This was TERRIBLE dancing!  And there was hardly any salsa!It was 80s dancing to salsa music!  That's IT.  The only time there was actually salsa dancing was when the main character was training with the club owner.  Other than that, it was just 80s dancing to salsa music.  That's it.  If you want to see salsa dancing, I DEFINITELY DO NOT recommend this movie.  If you want to see horrible acting, and old 80s dancing, then I recommend this movie...There was only one thing that I liked about this movie.  The appearances made by Tito Puente and Celia Cruz.  That was great to see, but not worth buying the movie for....  Oh, and the story line?  What was it again????  Yeah...I love movies, good ones and bad ones.But this one???  The WORST movie I have seen so far...But this one???  The WORST movie I have seen so far...To the best of my knowledge, there aren't actually any movies with really good salsa dancing. Hopefully, someday, there will be
 From start to finish a total waste of time.  I viewed this movie with some of the single women from my church including a recently married woman, we were all appalled at how desparate this "Pamela" was note to the director not all women waiting on God are that desparate.  The so called Christian principals in this movie were laughable.  At the end of the movie I found myself apologizing to my guests for wasting their time
      This movie was so horrible I don't know where to start. Maybe I could start with the fact the actors were so horrible it was as if the director picked them randomly off the street. Or maybe he just casted his own family...at any rate they were untrained and stale. Secondly, I had a serious issue with this movie not following basic christian principles. If Tyler Perry manages to tone down the swearing in his semi-christian plays, why wouldn't this movie director have enough sense to follow suit...If you're trying to actually sale to a christian audience. Furthermore, I thought the bible said a little something against divorce; like it wasn't permitted unless your spouse commits adultery/fornication. This movie seems to say it's okay to go against the word of God if you're in love. In fact, christianity was more of a theory in this movie than it was a practice....by even the protagonist! I laugh as I think of the scene where Ce-Ce Peniston's character says seductively, "I'm looking for a man with his mind on Jesus" Yet she's dressed like a hooker. Speaking of clothing, why did Ce-Ce seem to change outfits even in the middle of scene. They go on a date and she's dressed one way, by the time they come home she has on something different; with no logical explanation. And please explain why they had someone's grandfather playing the role of Rico Suave. Maybe the movie would have actually been worth while had he looked more like the man of any woman's dream. I felt more like telling him about AARP than I did falling in love with him. In addition, the soundtrack, IT-WAS-JUST-ANNOYING. At some parts it was even hard to hear what the characters were saying because of the music. I just wanted the maddness to stop! Lastly, It seems as if the director tried to portray single church women as being overwhelmingly desperate (although some are) However, having pamela fall so quickly for bryant was just, well, almost juvenile...perhaps even a disrespect to women at large. Overall, this movie made me want to puke. PASTOR Larry "Flash" Jenkins really needs to get some true insight on the conditions of the church and maybe even go back and read the bible for himself for clarity
 this has got to be one of the WORST, most unrealistic movies to date. i never have high expectations for lesbian flicks--rarely are they done well. this one, however, takes it to a whole new level. what was courtney love thinking?!this has got to be one of the WORST, most unrealistic movies to date. i never have high expectations for lesbian flicks--rarely are they done well. this one, however, takes it to a whole new level. what was courtney love thinking?!you'll regret wasting your money on this. i can't even fathom why it's gotten decent reviews so far
 This movie didn't do anything for me...Didn't care for the characters or the plot.  The ending was disapointing also. 
 Cheap Trick is undoubtedly one of the best live acts around today.They have such great stage charisma, top notch talent, and they consistently get better with age!  What other band sounds better 30 years later?They have such great stage charisma, top notch talent, and they consistently get better with age!  What other band sounds better 30 years later?After my disappointment with the Special One CD, I was excited to hear about this DVD; I heard most Special One songs live, and couldn't understand why they translated to tape poorly.  Having these songs stripped and performed live would be exactly the hot product to put out.  And the songs DO sound much better now, such tremendous intensity Robin has live, the guitars and bass sound great, and there's a great build up to the climax of each song.After my disappointment with the Special One CD, I was excited to hear about this DVD; I heard most Special One songs live, and couldn't understand why they translated to tape poorly.  Having these songs stripped and performed live would be exactly the hot product to put out.  And the songs DO sound much better now, such tremendous intensity Robin has live, the guitars and bass sound great, and there's a great build up to the climax of each song.However, what's really the downer about this DVD is that although you get fun fictious anecdotes and silly interviews of the band between every track, you then get 2/3 of each live song.  NOT A SINGLE SONG APPEARS HERE IN ITS ENTIRETY.  It's like a Behind the Music (without drama or drugs) based around a new live show.  The banter is great, but this clip-show format KILLS the replay value of this disc.  However, what's really the downer about this DVD is that although you get fun fictious anecdotes and silly interviews of the band between every track, you then get 2/3 of each live song.  NOT A SINGLE SONG APPEARS HERE IN ITS ENTIRETY.  It's like a Behind the Music (without drama or drugs) based around a new live show.  The banter is great, but this clip-show format KILLS the replay value of this disc.  The closest comparison I can give is the 2-DVD version of Silver, how the second DVD has fun clips and chat between tracks and then overlays into the songs.  That's exactly what this is like, however, you do not get the benefit of the complete uncut show.The closest comparison I can give is the 2-DVD version of Silver, how the second DVD has fun clips and chat between tracks and then overlays into the songs.  That's exactly what this is like, however, you do not get the benefit of the complete uncut show.Bonus features are fun, with the band and their families visiting Japan, although the two live special appearances they played are again not shown in their entirety.Bonus features are fun, with the band and their families visiting Japan, although the two live special appearances they played are again not shown in their entirety.Perhaps someday we'll get the Budakan show on DVD or an updated Every Trick in the Book DVD.Perhaps someday we'll get the Budakan show on DVD or an updated Every Trick in the Book DVD.Update 6/14/05:  Exactly a year later, I've still yet to pop this into my DVD player for a second watch, and Cheap Trick's still my favorite band. 
 This DVD gives documentary coverage concerning such DA VINCI CODE topics as Rosslyn Chapel, the Priory of Scion, the Knights Templar, the Gnostic Gospels, Le Dossier Secrets, Da Vinci paintings, and Opus Dei.This DVD gives documentary coverage concerning such DA VINCI CODE topics as Rosslyn Chapel, the Priory of Scion, the Knights Templar, the Gnostic Gospels, Le Dossier Secrets, Da Vinci paintings, and Opus Dei.This DVD, BEYOND THE DA VINCI CODE seems to bend over backwards, measuring every narrated word, to try to support and be sympathetic towards the Dan Brown allegations made in his novel--despite the evidence and expert interviews that they themselves provide in this documentary, they still seem to be in favor of what Dan Brown has written in the DA VINCI CODE.This DVD, BEYOND THE DA VINCI CODE seems to bend over backwards, measuring every narrated word, to try to support and be sympathetic towards the Dan Brown allegations made in his novel--despite the evidence and expert interviews that they themselves provide in this documentary, they still seem to be in favor of what Dan Brown has written in the DA VINCI CODE.Out of a half dozen expert interviewees, the most notable are two "big" names who are MAJOR influences on THE DA VINCI CODE book. Margaret Starbird, author of THE WOMAN WITH THE ALABASTER JAR; and Richard Leigh, one of three authors of HOLY BLOOD, HOLY GRAIL, (which was a NY Times Bestseller in 1982), both appear throughout this program. Out of a half dozen expert interviewees, the most notable are two "big" names who are MAJOR influences on THE DA VINCI CODE book. Margaret Starbird, author of THE WOMAN WITH THE ALABASTER JAR; and Richard Leigh, one of three authors of HOLY BLOOD, HOLY GRAIL, (which was a NY Times Bestseller in 1982), both appear throughout this program. These two are probably the biggest proponents of the Jesus/Magdalene conspiracy today, after Dan Brown himself. So it is especially meaningful when Richard Leigh and Margaret Starbird disagree with what Dan Brown has written!These two are probably the biggest proponents of the Jesus/Magdalene conspiracy today, after Dan Brown himself. So it is especially meaningful when Richard Leigh and Margaret Starbird disagree with what Dan Brown has written!According to expert interviewee Richard Leigh, though THE DA VINCI CODE book says that the Knights Templar found documents to prove the Jesus/Magdalene conspiracy, in reality, NOBODY knows what, if anything, was found by the Knights Templar in Solomon's Temple. According to expert interviewee Richard Leigh, though THE DA VINCI CODE book says that the Knights Templar found documents to prove the Jesus/Magdalene conspiracy, in reality, NOBODY knows what, if anything, was found by the Knights Templar in Solomon's Temple. Leigh also says the whole business about the pentagram, pentacles, 5-pointed stars as mainly representing the "sacred feminine" is NONSENSE--that symbol has been used throughout history to represent other things just as often! Leigh also says the whole business about the pentagram, pentacles, 5-pointed stars as mainly representing the "sacred feminine" is NONSENSE--that symbol has been used throughout history to represent other things just as often! Richard Leigh also explains that the original Priory of Scion was last referenced in 1619, but the modern day Priory of Scion people from the last 50 years are "bonkers," trying to present a hoax of the LE DOSSIER SECRETS, to try to gain political influence for themselves. Richard Leigh also explains that the original Priory of Scion was last referenced in 1619, but the modern day Priory of Scion people from the last 50 years are "bonkers," trying to present a hoax of the LE DOSSIER SECRETS, to try to gain political influence for themselves. This LE DOSSIER SECRETS, which appears on the bogus "FACT" page at the beginning of THE DA VINCI CODE book attempts to show a traceable genealogy of descendents of Jesus, but has been debunked for decades in France. It does NOT belong on a page titled "FACT" in the DA VINCI CODE book! That is very misleading, not factual. Brown says the LE DOSSIER SECRETS were discovered, but leaves out the fact that they are commonly known to be phoney!This LE DOSSIER SECRETS, which appears on the bogus "FACT" page at the beginning of THE DA VINCI CODE book attempts to show a traceable genealogy of descendents of Jesus, but has been debunked for decades in France. It does NOT belong on a page titled "FACT" in the DA VINCI CODE book! That is very misleading, not factual. Brown says the LE DOSSIER SECRETS were discovered, but leaves out the fact that they are commonly known to be phoney!Margaret Starbird, another major influence on the Dan Brown novel, says that even though she believes in the Jesus/Magdalene bloodline, there is NO PROOF of the bloodline lasting into the French Merovingian line of kings, circa the first millenium A.D.Margaret Starbird, another major influence on the Dan Brown novel, says that even though she believes in the Jesus/Magdalene bloodline, there is NO PROOF of the bloodline lasting into the French Merovingian line of kings, circa the first millenium A.D.The documentary, using other expert interviewees and location footage, goes on to debunk the ridiculous claim of the Rose Line alignments being found in significant locations throughout THE DA VINCI CODE novel; as well as showing there is no evidence that Leonardo Da Vinci was a member of the Priory of Scion, let alone the Grandmaster; the rose is NOT the symbol for the Priory of Scion; and Opus Dei has NO INTEREST in the "secret" bloodline of Jesus/Magdalene because they don't believe it even exists.The documentary, using other expert interviewees and location footage, goes on to debunk the ridiculous claim of the Rose Line alignments being found in significant locations throughout THE DA VINCI CODE novel; as well as showing there is no evidence that Leonardo Da Vinci was a member of the Priory of Scion, let alone the Grandmaster; the rose is NOT the symbol for the Priory of Scion; and Opus Dei has NO INTEREST in the "secret" bloodline of Jesus/Magdalene because they don't believe it even exists.Sadly, most of the debunking occurs towards the end of the show, in brief statements, before quickly moving on to the next topic; while most of the screen time is spent romanticizing and retelling what Dan Brown's DA VINCI CODE book claims about the Jesus/Magdalene conspiracy.Sadly, most of the debunking occurs towards the end of the show, in brief statements, before quickly moving on to the next topic; while most of the screen time is spent romanticizing and retelling what Dan Brown's DA VINCI CODE book claims about the Jesus/Magdalene conspiracy.Overall I was disappointed by this HISTORY CHANNEL DVD for presenting such seemingly wishful support while showing that so much just ain't so in the DA VINCI CODE book--though I am not surprised, the HISTORY CHANNEL usually sides against Christianity on issues to support atheism in their shows, in my opinion.Overall I was disappointed by this HISTORY CHANNEL DVD for presenting such seemingly wishful support while showing that so much just ain't so in the DA VINCI CODE book--though I am not surprised, the HISTORY CHANNEL usually sides against Christianity on issues to support atheism in their shows, in my opinion.A much better DA VINCI CODE debunking DVD is BREAKING THE DA VINCI CODE, which more clearly presents the evidence without romanticizing the novel's lies about history and Jesus
 I saw this at the library and brought it home, thinking it might be interesting to watch. I very rarely watch films made after the 1950's, but this one looked as if it could be enjoyable. It ended up being only mildly enjoyable, and a bit boring. I felt that within all the time it ran, we didn't really get a good understanding of the inner being of the main characters; seemed to remain in shallow waters all along. The film was sort of good...pretty photography,and for the most part it seemed like the costumes, hair, way of speaking, etc. were accurate for the time period (so often such movies are so obviously modern people dressed up and pretending to be from way back when) but something just wasn't quite right, and it is hard to know exactly what it was. I was surprised and disappointed that there was quite a long scene with male nudity which to me was quite unnecessary and inappropriate. I think the whole swim scene could have been done effectively without showing full nudity. I am grateful the women in the film remained properly clothed. So I would not recommend this film for families with young  children, because of the nudity.
 I'm a language teacher and I have a number of DVDs that I use at school as language tools.  DVDs are great because they're inexpensive teaching aids when it comes to foreign languages...but only when the DVDs actually have other tracks than English.  Nowadays practically every released movie has language tracks and sometimes subtitles in other languages but this DVD seems like a hearkening back to the dark ages when people were lucky just to get a movie on this format and no extra effort whatsoever was put into a movie's release on DVD.  I was pretty disappointed to discover just as the DVD was shipping that it wasn't what I thought it was going to be.  I suppose it's my fault for assuming, but I feel ripped off just the same
 The most interesting part of this action movie is the centrality of the cell phone. The movie is a Nokia product placement, highlighting what awful danger you are in if you are not connected and, conversely, what a phone can do for you if you have one. The plot centers on Jessica (Kim Basinger) who is abducted because the bad guys think she has something that they need. Mystery #1: What is it? The most interesting part of this action movie is the centrality of the cell phone. The movie is a Nokia product placement, highlighting what awful danger you are in if you are not connected and, conversely, what a phone can do for you if you have one. The plot centers on Jessica (Kim Basinger) who is abducted because the bad guys think she has something that they need. Mystery #1: What is it? After lots of running/driving in various parts of L.A. the bad guys round up Jessica's family, while on the other end a pretty guy turned superhero and a would-be day spa owner cop are trying to help them. Mystery #2: how will the cell phone save the day?After lots of running/driving in various parts of L.A. the bad guys round up Jessica's family, while on the other end a pretty guy turned superhero and a would-be day spa owner cop are trying to help them. Mystery #2: how will the cell phone save the day?Mystery #3. Watch for the credits at the end of the film. They show up on a...? Yep, you got it
 This is the WORST transfer of a movie (that is not a tape-to-tape before DVD bootleg) that I have ever seen.  Many scenes in the daylight show a jiggling reflected lights, or so it appears, and lines dance around with the sound.  It was so bad I thought it was in individual damaged DVD, until I read other reviews here and on IMDB.This is the WORST transfer of a movie (that is not a tape-to-tape before DVD bootleg) that I have ever seen.  Many scenes in the daylight show a jiggling reflected lights, or so it appears, and lines dance around with the sound.  It was so bad I thought it was in individual damaged DVD, until I read other reviews here and on IMDB.This is far worse than most cheapie transfers that are no longer owned but are in the public domain.  At least in those instances they usually have the excuse that the print they are working from is old and worn.  I have a much better video of Exodus on VHS tape in EP!This is far worse than most cheapie transfers that are no longer owned but are in the public domain.  At least in those instances they usually have the excuse that the print they are working from is old and worn.  I have a much better video of Exodus on VHS tape in EP!And this movie is currently being offered at Amazon for $14.95.  Don't bother!  Tape it off TCM and you'll have a far higher quality visual record.And this movie is currently being offered at Amazon for $14.95.  Don't bother!  Tape it off TCM and you'll have a far higher quality visual record.As for the movie itself, despite good actors and one of the most wonderful music scores, it's very flat.  Kirk Douglas would have been a far better choice than Newman, who acts like he just came off a binge after a losing pool streak.  Nonetheless, it should not be sold with in lousy visual copies
 I unfortunately bought 4 of the ramtha dvds at the same time.. this was the best of them.. the others were pure wastes of money. While this one didnt answer many questions and ramtha takes forever to make a point. if you've seen "what the bleep" dont waste your time or money on these ramtha dvds.
 Wow!  Practice a few vapid platitudes and wield some handy aphorisms and woo-woo sounding phrases, change your voice, and you, too, can be a CHANNELER! For money!  I'm definitely in the wrong occupation.  Has anybody ever thought to question "Ramtha" on a few specifics that a 35,000 year old being from "Atlantis" should know?  Did Ramtha's ancient society speak Indian-accented English?  What an amazing stroke of luck!  What did Ramtha's people do for agriculture and diet, how was his/her society structured, what tools did they use, and where was "Atlantis" precisely located?  I'm certain that archaelogists and anthropologists could benefit from such knowledge that such a wise being could impart after miraculously surviving 35 millenia--or how many years precisely, and in what reckoning?  Could Ramtha show us some writing samples in Atlantean script?  Linguists could help here.  Or--is it just possible that JZ Knight and her kind are great at pulling one over on us because we WANT and NEED to believe?  Isn't that a more realistic explanation?  What does that say about those who buy into this? 
 Even though I would agree that "Erin Brockovich" is an entertaining movie, Julia Roberts performance in it is no more Oscar-worthy than was her performance of a prostitute in "Pretty Woman."  I am second to no one in enjoying a good "David and Goliath" story, but this movie has such shaky roots in reality, it is more of a tall tale, than the "true" story of a historic class action suit that, I would imagine, left more unhappy plaintiffs, than it did satisfied ones.  However, as the movie title implies, this is indeed Erin Brockovich's story, in the same way that the "Xena" character is the main attraction in "Xena: Warrior Princess" (though it should be noted that Xena's wardrobe is considerably more modest than that of the Erin Brockovich character).Even though I would agree that "Erin Brockovich" is an entertaining movie, Julia Roberts performance in it is no more Oscar-worthy than was her performance of a prostitute in "Pretty Woman."  I am second to no one in enjoying a good "David and Goliath" story, but this movie has such shaky roots in reality, it is more of a tall tale, than the "true" story of a historic class action suit that, I would imagine, left more unhappy plaintiffs, than it did satisfied ones.  However, as the movie title implies, this is indeed Erin Brockovich's story, in the same way that the "Xena" character is the main attraction in "Xena: Warrior Princess" (though it should be noted that Xena's wardrobe is considerably more modest than that of the Erin Brockovich character).Erin Brockovich is a vain, brassy, boorish, single mother of three young children, with no marketable work skills, a transparently opportunistic manner, who dresses very much the same way as the prostitute character Roberts played in "Pretty Woman" (prior to Richard Gere's character taking her on the infamous Rodeo Drive shopping spree).  The movie's beginning finds Erin unemployed and pursuing a personal injury lawsuit in connection with an automobile accident; her lawsuit is lost, primarily thanks to her own disastrous testimony (swearing, cursing and shrieking from the witness stand) while being questioned by opposing counsel.   Unbelievably, Erin parlays the failed lawsuit into a job at her attorney's (played by Albert Finney) firm, mainly by pushing her way into the office and ensconcing herself at a desk.   Later, while handling the paperwork for a run-of-the-mill, pro bono, real estate sale, Erin discovers the file contains the seller's medical records, that, for reasons she (correctly) does not understand, seem to be of particular interest to the buyer, the mega utility company, Pacific Gas and Electric.  Erin independently embarks on her own personal investigation of the case and discovers that PG&E had (for decades) negligently contaminated the ground water (surrounding one of their power plants in/near Hinkley, CA on the edge of the Mojave Desert) with toxic, hexavalent chromium.  This discovery leads to the queen mother of all class-action lawsuits (at least in terms of the award), in which hundreds of Hinkley residents sue PG&E (by and through the representation of Erin's boss) in a toxic tort action that eventually nets a 330 million dollar settlement for the plaintiffs.Erin Brockovich is a vain, brassy, boorish, single mother of three young children, with no marketable work skills, a transparently opportunistic manner, who dresses very much the same way as the prostitute character Roberts played in "Pretty Woman" (prior to Richard Gere's character taking her on the infamous Rodeo Drive shopping spree).  The movie's beginning finds Erin unemployed and pursuing a personal injury lawsuit in connection with an automobile accident; her lawsuit is lost, primarily thanks to her own disastrous testimony (swearing, cursing and shrieking from the witness stand) while being questioned by opposing counsel.   Unbelievably, Erin parlays the failed lawsuit into a job at her attorney's (played by Albert Finney) firm, mainly by pushing her way into the office and ensconcing herself at a desk.   Later, while handling the paperwork for a run-of-the-mill, pro bono, real estate sale, Erin discovers the file contains the seller's medical records, that, for reasons she (correctly) does not understand, seem to be of particular interest to the buyer, the mega utility company, Pacific Gas and Electric.  Erin independently embarks on her own personal investigation of the case and discovers that PG&E had (for decades) negligently contaminated the ground water (surrounding one of their power plants in/near Hinkley, CA on the edge of the Mojave Desert) with toxic, hexavalent chromium.  This discovery leads to the queen mother of all class-action lawsuits (at least in terms of the award), in which hundreds of Hinkley residents sue PG&E (by and through the representation of Erin's boss) in a toxic tort action that eventually nets a 330 million dollar settlement for the plaintiffs.Roberts gives a photogenic, if not especially gifted, performance in her role as Erin. The movie contains a plethora of flattering shots of Roberts (literally gushing out skin-tight, low-cut, bustier-inspired "work clothes" that would never be permissible attire for any employee of a law firm on this planet) as she engages in warm and fuzzy discourses with the unsuspecting and unsophisticated Hinkley residents. While there is much to be said for Erin's apparent drive and tenacity as she pursues the plaintiffs in the suit, she is not an especially likeable character; rather, she is rude, verbally abusive and only conciliatory and kind when and if it serves her interests.Roberts gives a photogenic, if not especially gifted, performance in her role as Erin. The movie contains a plethora of flattering shots of Roberts (literally gushing out skin-tight, low-cut, bustier-inspired "work clothes" that would never be permissible attire for any employee of a law firm on this planet) as she engages in warm and fuzzy discourses with the unsuspecting and unsophisticated Hinkley residents. While there is much to be said for Erin's apparent drive and tenacity as she pursues the plaintiffs in the suit, she is not an especially likeable character; rather, she is rude, verbally abusive and only conciliatory and kind when and if it serves her interests.Albert Finney is considerably more appealing and believable as Ed Masry, the aged and  weary attorney who is Erin's boss.  The bantering that occurs between the two is generally amusing; unfortunately thanks to the inept direction and camera work, the focus for these scenes seems to be more on Roberts (strutting about in short leather skirts and noisy, five-inched-heeled mules) than on the sometimes-interesting personality dynamics that seemingly exists between the two characters.  Aaron Eckhart plays the affable, gentle biker and next-door-neighbor, George, who becomes Erin's boyfriend-by-convenience.  The "convenience" factor is totally one-sided and for Erin's benefit exclusively; she  unabashedly uses George for free, live-in childcare, thereby giving her the necessary freedom to assist Masry as they put together the historic case.  Erin eventually winds up receiving a staggering two million dollar "bonus" check  (from Masry) when the tort action case settles; contrastingly, George gets a "thanks" for his nanny services from Erin and his walking papers. Albert Finney is considerably more appealing and believable as Ed Masry, the aged and  weary attorney who is Erin's boss.  The bantering that occurs between the two is generally amusing; unfortunately thanks to the inept direction and camera work, the focus for these scenes seems to be more on Roberts (strutting about in short leather skirts and noisy, five-inched-heeled mules) than on the sometimes-interesting personality dynamics that seemingly exists between the two characters.  Aaron Eckhart plays the affable, gentle biker and next-door-neighbor, George, who becomes Erin's boyfriend-by-convenience.  The "convenience" factor is totally one-sided and for Erin's benefit exclusively; she  unabashedly uses George for free, live-in childcare, thereby giving her the necessary freedom to assist Masry as they put together the historic case.  Erin eventually winds up receiving a staggering two million dollar "bonus" check  (from Masry) when the tort action case settles; contrastingly, George gets a "thanks" for his nanny services from Erin and his walking papers. The plaintiffs in the case are an assortment of simple individuals with unpretentious outlooks on life, who have been dealt a dirty hand by the utility giant.  Though the Hinkley residents are sympathetically portrayed, make no mistake-this movie is about Erin Brockovich (indeed, I do not think there is a single scene in which the chacracter is not present) and less about the brave struggles with life-threatening, generation-spanning illnesses that the real-life plaintiffs were forced to face, due to the toxicity in their water source.  Erin Brockovich is presented to the viewing audience (in typical Hollywood fashion) as a sort of heroine; but in fairness it would seem more accurate to say that she was a woman who indiscriminately used people, walked on others when necessary and seized opportunity after opportunity until she eventually struck it lucky and got rich.  Is the movie entertaining-absolutely.   Inspiring- not even slightly.
 This is the worst Workout tape that I have ever purchase, the trainer switches moves to quick and doesnt explain what she is doing like she expects you to know before hand what she is about to do. I am personally gonna smash my copy of it. Only reason I gave it 1 star is because the ratings dont go lower 
 maybe because I didn't like Porco. Everything was sub-par for me. Animation is definitely not as good as his later movies. Not enough weirdness, tried too much for the plot. Everything was just too ho-hum. As if he tried to carry the whole movie on Porco's shoulders. But once you got past the fact that everyone else was human and Porco was a pig there wasn't anything else there.
     I really did give this a chance but I can't say I like the show. It focuses more on the "police" aspect and less on the science, which differentiates the CSI series from most of the other garbage out there. I know David Caruso has his fans but I just can't appreciate him in this vehicle...  
 This was not very good, in my opinion. The Ring scared the bejeezus outta me. This was not scary. Two weeks afterwards, I still find my mind wandering about one thing...why the heck didn't they just kick that little boy in the head and send him accross the room? If I walk into my house and see a half-naked boy meowing and hissing at me, I'm gonna flip him over my knee and give him a good spankin
 While some movies require that you throw out your disbelief, I had a very hard time doing so with this movie.  This movie was just plain stupid.  They should have kept this film story in the states.  Once everything moves over to Tokyo, the film plummets into inauthenticity the likes of which I haven't seen in a long time.  I would have respected the film 1,000 times more had it ended when the main character goes to Japan.While some movies require that you throw out your disbelief, I had a very hard time doing so with this movie.  This movie was just plain stupid.  They should have kept this film story in the states.  Once everything moves over to Tokyo, the film plummets into inauthenticity the likes of which I haven't seen in a long time.  I would have respected the film 1,000 times more had it ended when the main character goes to Japan.So let's get this straight, Japanese high school students act like American high school students?  Lucas Black's character is simply told to go to a Japanese high school where he will simply pick up the language and make do?  Everybody speaks English ? His father lives in a tiny apartment yet has a garage that's about double the size of his apartment?So let's get this straight, Japanese high school students act like American high school students?  Lucas Black's character is simply told to go to a Japanese high school where he will simply pick up the language and make do?  Everybody speaks English ? His father lives in a tiny apartment yet has a garage that's about double the size of his apartment?I would have much preferred subtitles and a story that felt, looked and sounded more Japanese.  Japanese students are among some of the most polite students you will ever meet.  The Japanese culture is steeped and immersed in being respectful, polite and dutiful.  Real Japanese high school students would be embarassed by the way their culture was represented here.  Actually they probably wouldn't be embarassed, they would laugh at the film's poor attempt in showing true or even remotely true Japanese culture.  Japanese culture is not steeped in American hiphop and egocentric behavior and it's a pity so many Americans will see this film and actually think that Japanese students are just like American students.  There would be nothing further from the truth.  Japanese students do not act, look or sound like what was filmed here.  Not by a long shot.I would have much preferred subtitles and a story that felt, looked and sounded more Japanese.  Japanese students are among some of the most polite students you will ever meet.  The Japanese culture is steeped and immersed in being respectful, polite and dutiful.  Real Japanese high school students would be embarassed by the way their culture was represented here.  Actually they probably wouldn't be embarassed, they would laugh at the film's poor attempt in showing true or even remotely true Japanese culture.  Japanese culture is not steeped in American hiphop and egocentric behavior and it's a pity so many Americans will see this film and actually think that Japanese students are just like American students.  There would be nothing further from the truth.  Japanese students do not act, look or sound like what was filmed here.  Not by a long shot.Given my dislike of how the Japanese culture was handled in this film, it left me finding the plot irrelevant.  The plot was OK but it would have been much better if they had either stuck to a more authentic representation of Japanese culture or kept the story in the states.Given my dislike of how the Japanese culture was handled in this film, it left me finding the plot irrelevant.  The plot was OK but it would have been much better if they had either stuck to a more authentic representation of Japanese culture or kept the story in the states.Given my dislike of how the Japanese culture was handled in this film, it left me finding the plot irrelevant.  The plot was OK but it would have been much better if they had either stuck to a more authentic representation of Japanese culture or kept the story in the states.Given my dislike of how the Japanese culture was handled in this film, it left me finding the plot irrelevant.  The plot was OK but it would have been much better if they had either stuck to a more authentic representation of Japanese culture or kept the story in the states.
 I'm making an exception to my usual practice of not reviewing anything on amazon, due to the utter vileness of this movie.  I saw it when it came out in theaters and hated it, and then a friend purchased the DVD and convinced me to give it a second chance...  all in all, this movie ended up taking about four hours of my life that I will never get back.I'm making an exception to my usual practice of not reviewing anything on amazon, due to the utter vileness of this movie.  I saw it when it came out in theaters and hated it, and then a friend purchased the DVD and convinced me to give it a second chance...  all in all, this movie ended up taking about four hours of my life that I will never get back.The performances are thin and uneven, the plot is inconsistent, and the dialogue sounds like it was pulled from fortune cookies made by the cast of Friends.  To be fair, this movie does face several major obstacles.  It has the misfortune to depend on the "acting" of glorified Ken doll Freddie Prinze, Jr. and the vastly overrated Julia Stiles, and in addition to trying to rise above these challenges, it also attempts to survive the intrusion of Ashton Kutcher.  It fails on all counts.  The performances are thin and uneven, the plot is inconsistent, and the dialogue sounds like it was pulled from fortune cookies made by the cast of Friends.  To be fair, this movie does face several major obstacles.  It has the misfortune to depend on the "acting" of glorified Ken doll Freddie Prinze, Jr. and the vastly overrated Julia Stiles, and in addition to trying to rise above these challenges, it also attempts to survive the intrusion of Ashton Kutcher.  It fails on all counts.  I do not hate the whole romantic comedy genre; nor do I hate the "teen" movie sub-genre, under which some would place "Down to You."  (In fact, "Can't Hardly Wait" is one of my favorite movies.)  I simply hate BAD movies, and this movie is a true abomination.  If you enjoy the experience of wanting to drill into your own skull, then by all means, buy this DVD.  If, however, you value your sanity, then please do not make the same mistake I did; stay far, FAR away from this movie
 Many of these shorts on this DVD (as well as the other DVD's in this series) have been on the treasures allready so i recomend passing on these DVD's besides all the dirt and the bad restoration you'll see on the cartoons
 This DVD exposes the Ultimate Warrior as 25% postitive and 75% negative.I do believe that Jim Hellwig does suffer from narcissm in relation to his ongoing identity crisis.  Just another case of a wreslter who couldn't seperate himself from the character, and even still till this day as he is retired give speaches to colleges.  The only thing that bothers me is that Jim Hellwig wasn't involved in this dvd to give his perspective and opinions.  He was offered to participate and again offered to make his story heard before and after the fact.  Jim Hellwig declined, & used it as another opportunity to initiate a lawsuit.This guy did make an impact in the wrestling world, but it was too shortlived.  Fans can chalk it up as a cool memory, but unfortunately not one linked with any high level of respect like we can with Flair, Piper, Hogan, and the most respected of all The Undertaker
 Considering the sensational cast (Eli Wallach, Terrence Hill, Bud Spencer, Kevin McCarthy and Brock Peters), the Euro-western era it was made in and the locations where it was shot, Ace High is a major disappointment. The plot is uninvolving and incoherent, the cinematography is cramped and completely lacking in style, the music is weak during a time that spawned so many memorable soundtracks and the direction lacks any focus whatsoever. The editing looks like it was performed with a butcher's knife. After the first ten minutes, I knew I'd made a mistake buying it. A boring 120 minute piece of junk, Ace High is hopelessly outgunned by any number of great Italian westerns including Corbucci's The Mercenary or Parolini's Sabata series. Save your fistful of dollars for a better film
 Rather than give another general review as others have kindly done,  my review focuses on one aspect of the film, indeed one character, that of Martha. Rather than give another general review as others have kindly done,  my review focuses on one aspect of the film, indeed one character, that of Martha. Martha Dunstock is known throughout the film as Martha Dumptruck. Even the film credits include the nickname `Dumptruck' besides the character's surname (evidently feeling the need to labour the point). Portrayed as unattractive and pathetically grateful for any attention she is given, she unwittingly provides the Slater character with information enabling him to murder a student. Later, when the cult status of the `suicides' (that is, murdered students) becomes apparent, Martha attempts her own suicide by walking into the path of traffic. But her attempt is shown as a failure. At the end of the film Martha is bruised and now disabled, in an electric wheelchair. Ryder's character, having finished her voyage of self-realisation, rejects the school Prom night and instead invites Martha to stay in with a video and popcorn. Martha gratefully accepts and the closing scenes show Ryder walking along the corridor while Martha encircles her like a planet around the sun.Martha Dunstock is known throughout the film as Martha Dumptruck. Even the film credits include the nickname `Dumptruck' besides the character's surname (evidently feeling the need to labour the point). Portrayed as unattractive and pathetically grateful for any attention she is given, she unwittingly provides the Slater character with information enabling him to murder a student. Later, when the cult status of the `suicides' (that is, murdered students) becomes apparent, Martha attempts her own suicide by walking into the path of traffic. But her attempt is shown as a failure. At the end of the film Martha is bruised and now disabled, in an electric wheelchair. Ryder's character, having finished her voyage of self-realisation, rejects the school Prom night and instead invites Martha to stay in with a video and popcorn. Martha gratefully accepts and the closing scenes show Ryder walking along the corridor while Martha encircles her like a planet around the sun.The image of Martha in her wheelchair, an object of pity for Ryder and for the audience, signifies to us fears of being different, of not being beautiful, of not being loved and respected. Martha is the person we are all frightened of becoming. She is given no means of solving her predicament by the film maker. And though some of us in the audience may be fat, or disabled, or both, we may yet still fear Martha, and are invited to consider Ryder's protagonist's journey of self discovery as our own, even is in physical and social reality, we are more like Martha.The image of Martha in her wheelchair, an object of pity for Ryder and for the audience, signifies to us fears of being different, of not being beautiful, of not being loved and respected. Martha is the person we are all frightened of becoming. She is given no means of solving her predicament by the film maker. And though some of us in the audience may be fat, or disabled, or both, we may yet still fear Martha, and are invited to consider Ryder's protagonist's journey of self discovery as our own, even is in physical and social reality, we are more like Martha.For this reason, `Heathers' fails as an exploration of the `Hell' of High School ( a description often used by Buffy/Angel/ Firefly's Joss Whedon). Those in the audience NOT as thin and complying with Western standards of `beauty' as the protagonists (probably the majority of us) ultimately may find the so-called subversion of cruel hierarchy in this film just that little too shallow, leaving a bitter after-taste. The way `fat' people are portrayed in films such as these unfortunately often reflect the predictable, transparent and absurd fixations of the film makers. Sadly this is happening even today - in some ways it has gotten even worse since the Western World decided to wage a 'war on fat' (to quote Paul Campos) - and even at best it is lazy film-making.
 Those of you who remember Ryan Starr from American Idol know why she quickly became "has been" material for VH1's the Surreal Life. Ryan Starr also happens to be the worst actress I have ever watched on film, television and or commercials.  The director must have agreed with me becaue there are very few shots of Ryan that last more than 10 seconds at a time.  Her dialogue is kept short and simple, and when she does have more than 3 lines at once, the complete lack of feeling, expression & emotion in her voice makes you consider turning off the movie and doing something worthwhile, like cleaning out the fridge or picking at your hang-nails.  That is all I can say, I would really like to put this movie behind me and never speak of it again
 Those of you who remember Ryan Starr from American Idol know why she quickly became "has been" material for VH1's the Surreal Life. Ryan Starr also happens to be the worst actress I have ever watched on film, television and or commercials.  The director must have agreed with me becaue there are very few shots of Ryan that last more than 10 seconds at a time.  Her dialogue is kept short and simple, and when she does have more than 3 lines at once, the complete lack of feeling, expression & emotion in her voice makes you consider turning off the movie and doing something worthwhile, like cleaning out the fridge or picking at your hang-nails.  That is all I can say, I would really like to put this movie behind me and never speak of it againWhatever else the GLTB community may find laudable about this waste of a video disk, the undeniable fact is that the cover blurbs coyly and disingenuously suggest that it is a comedy, and that is a boldfaced lie.  Featuring world famous funny man Dom DeLuise, the movie is described as what happens when he casts real life lesbians in the roles of two on-stage lesbians...and "sparks fly."  As it is, the only sparks that probably flew occurred when someone with greater sense tried to set fire to the master reels and destroy this boring piece of tripe.Whatever else the GLTB community may find laudable about this waste of a video disk, the undeniable fact is that the cover blurbs coyly and disingenuously suggest that it is a comedy, and that is a boldfaced lie.  Featuring world famous funny man Dom DeLuise, the movie is described as what happens when he casts real life lesbians in the roles of two on-stage lesbians...and "sparks fly."  As it is, the only sparks that probably flew occurred when someone with greater sense tried to set fire to the master reels and destroy this boring piece of tripe.From the movie's self-proclaimed description, and with DeLuise in a major role, the comic possibilities that suggest themselves to the potential viewer are endless:  Does DeLuise KNOW that the actresses are lesbians?  Do the production's other members? Does that derail the production?  What mayhem ensues? From the movie's self-proclaimed description, and with DeLuise in a major role, the comic possibilities that suggest themselves to the potential viewer are endless:  Does DeLuise KNOW that the actresses are lesbians?  Do the production's other members? Does that derail the production?  What mayhem ensues? In point of fact, however, the single attempt at "comedy" comes from DeLuise's portrayal of the director as a prissy, fastidious old queen, pampered and catered to by his boy-toy assistant each time he gets the vapors and overheats.  In point of fact, however, the single attempt at "comedy" comes from DeLuise's portrayal of the director as a prissy, fastidious old queen, pampered and catered to by his boy-toy assistant each time he gets the vapors and overheats.  The bulk of the movie is essentially dull documentary monologue, as the "actresses" explain to the camera their respective experiences in being cast in the roles of on-stage lovers.  Unfortunately, there is nothing endearing or even slightly interesting about either character and the result is a great bore.  The few flashback scenes where the viewer actually sees the two characters practicing their on-stage roles under DeLuise's fevered direction come across as uncomfortably voyeuristic.  There is an inescapable feeling that the camera, the viewer, AND DeLuise, are intruders.The bulk of the movie is essentially dull documentary monologue, as the "actresses" explain to the camera their respective experiences in being cast in the roles of on-stage lovers.  Unfortunately, there is nothing endearing or even slightly interesting about either character and the result is a great bore.  The few flashback scenes where the viewer actually sees the two characters practicing their on-stage roles under DeLuise's fevered direction come across as uncomfortably voyeuristic.  There is an inescapable feeling that the camera, the viewer, AND DeLuise, are intruders.About the only thing that CAN be said about this film is that Director Lee Friedlander mercifully eschewed the usual Hollywood practice of casting preternaturally beautiful women in the lead roles, thereby adding at least a touch of reality to this otherwise banal effort; the lead actresses look like just any two women off the street.  Other reviewers have commented on the bad, infomercial level acting of the two lead characters.  Whether or not that is accurate depends upon whether the leads, Robin Greenspan and Lacie Harmon, are actually lesbians simply playing themselves.  If so, then this IS bad acting.  If the women are straight, however, one has to at least give them credit for convincing performances.  Sadly, there is not much other credit to be given to anything else about this film.About the only thing that CAN be said about this film is that Director Lee Friedlander mercifully eschewed the usual Hollywood practice of casting preternaturally beautiful women in the lead roles, thereby adding at least a touch of reality to this otherwise banal effort; the lead actresses look like just any two women off the street.  Other reviewers have commented on the bad, infomercial level acting of the two lead characters.  Whether or not that is accurate depends upon whether the leads, Robin Greenspan and Lacie Harmon, are actually lesbians simply playing themselves.  If so, then this IS bad acting.  If the women are straight, however, one has to at least give them credit for convincing performances.  Sadly, there is not much other credit to be given to anything else about this film.
 Normally I love documentaries.  I've watched hundreds of them and with one exception I have loved them all.  However, OUTFOXED is the single most boring film I have ever seen.  Normally I love documentaries.  I've watched hundreds of them and with one exception I have loved them all.  However, OUTFOXED is the single most boring film I have ever seen.  A relentless rant against Rupert Murdoch's cable news station, this film could possibly interest someone who is singlemindedly obsessed with Fox News, but I cannot imagine that anyone on earth is interested enough in Fox News to remain awake while watching this movie.A relentless rant against Rupert Murdoch's cable news station, this film could possibly interest someone who is singlemindedly obsessed with Fox News, but I cannot imagine that anyone on earth is interested enough in Fox News to remain awake while watching this movie.Watching OUTFOXED makes me realize what a genius Michael Moore is.  Whether you love him or hate him, whether you agree with him or not, you have to admit his films are entertaining.  This film, however, is a major bore.Watching OUTFOXED makes me realize what a genius Michael Moore is.  Whether you love him or hate him, whether you agree with him or not, you have to admit his films are entertaining.  This film, however, is a major bore.- Regina McMenami
 To be honest with you I thought the movie was really bad. the acting was ok but the only good part about the movie was that ricky (Rodney Eastman) was in the movie. (for about 5 mins) but i would not suggest renting this movie and waisting 4 dollars
 "Con Express" has lots of action in it, which is great because this hides the poor writing and uninteresting characters. Unfortunately, the action isn't enough, and in between stunt pieces and shoot-outs, the audience is tempted to doze off. City Heat Productions isn't really known for producing films of the highest quality, so usually I go easy on them. If this were a big-budget company producing this, I'd be inclined to pan it entirely. But I wasn't expecting much and got a little more than I bargained for. The action is, for the most part, pretty good but nothing competitive with your usual dumb action movie. Flanery and Vosloo are perfectly casted, but everyone else seems to stiff to add any more flow to the movie. Vosloo especially appears to be enjoying himself as an over-the-top bad guy hijacking a train containing deadly chemicals. The film moves fast and contains shades of better movies like Under Siege 2, Con Air, Spy Game, and Speed. If you liked those, you probably won't mind this one too much. Just go easy on it
 I was trying to think of the best short description of what this is. Sure it's a propaganda film but that doesn't mean much to most people. However, most people have seen attack ads around election time. That's what this is, a very long political attack ad, full of all the things we commonly see in such ads: distortions, sarcasm, scary close ups, mood music, mocking tone, glaring omissions, out of context quotes, etc.I was trying to think of the best short description of what this is. Sure it's a propaganda film but that doesn't mean much to most people. However, most people have seen attack ads around election time. That's what this is, a very long political attack ad, full of all the things we commonly see in such ads: distortions, sarcasm, scary close ups, mood music, mocking tone, glaring omissions, out of context quotes, etc.That said, the most rewarding review so far must be the one by AT "DL" (New York), who basically condemns Michael Moore as pro-Bush because Fahrenheit 9/11 doesn't say Bush engineered 9/11 himself. What's next? A review that condemns AT "DL" (New York) as pro-Bush because his review didn't say that Bush flew the planes himself? Or that Bush is an alien who gave birth to Saddam and Osama on a UFO?That said, the most rewarding review so far must be the one by AT "DL" (New York), who basically condemns Michael Moore as pro-Bush because Fahrenheit 9/11 doesn't say Bush engineered 9/11 himself. What's next? A review that condemns AT "DL" (New York) as pro-Bush because his review didn't say that Bush flew the planes himself? Or that Bush is an alien who gave birth to Saddam and Osama on a UFO?Just when you think you've seen the craziest conspiracy theory ..
 The DVD for &quot;The Golden Coach&quot; is for the most part fine, but the final minutes, which are crucial to the full impact of the film, are ruined by deplorable mastering. The scene appears to be out of focus and the colors are washed out to the point of barely being able make out what is happening. I believe Criterion made some kind of mastering error, because Martin Scorsese's introduction to the film explicitly refers to the wonderful restored ending of the film. Criterion should withdraw the DVD and offer a replacement
 I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH STEVE'S PERFORMANCE.  EVENTHOUGH IT TOOK A LOT OUT OF HIM TO REFRAIN FROM SWEARING, HIS MATERIAL TOWARDS THE END OF THE SHOW BEGAN TO DWINDLE TO THE POINT THAT IT JUST BECAME PLAIN IGNORANT, ESPECIALLY IN THE PART WHERE HE WAS EXPRESSING HOW HE WOULD "KILL SOMEONE", ETC., AND GLOATING BOUT IT.  AFTER I BOUGHT IT, I LATER CAUGHT IT ON A CABLE NETWORK.  GOD MAY NOT BE "THROUGH WITH HIM YET", BUT IT WILL BE UP TO HIM (STEVE) TO REPENT ON HIS OWN.  THIS MAY BE GOOD HUMOR FOR A MORE COMPLACENT CHRISTIAN AUDIENCE
 Wasted talent.  None of the characters are believable in the roles they are portraying.  Some funny stuff.  Craig Ferguson can do better.  Charlotte Church should stick to singing as acting is not her forte.  Every thing in this movie seems forced and there is no chemistry between the characters
 I have been a Le Carre fan until the end of the Cold War. I somehow still managed to follow him later for some time. But now it is over, definitely. I disliked this novel, and the movie is obnoxious. Rachel Weisz is quite ridiculous in her part. Which idiot nominated her for her Oscar is beyond the point. Zellweger got an Oscar for an even more horrible performance recently, in the otherwise quite acceptable Cold Mountain. And even the otherwise great Blanchett had to turn in an awful performance in The Aviator to get one. (Why can these nice girls not get one for one of their good movies?)My conclusion: this world is strange. It has no idea what is good and what not.
 Completey and utterly unfunny performances by Oldman and Roth. Stoppard may be a brilliant playwright but a filmmaker he is not, having botched a great potential for his play on the big screen. We get instead a literal and utterly uncinematic treatment of his much-touted play. Watching the first fifteen minutes of "heads, heads, heads, heads, heads, heads, heads, heads, heads," is colossal torture, like status elipticus. It's suited to the stage maybe but can never play well on the big screen. Having hopes it might pick up, that was dashed as the entire film seem to lack any momentum or any type of cinematic sensibility whatsoever. A classic blunder of failing to recognize two different mediums. Don't take my word for it, watch it yourself and see.
    Susan Ward,coming out of daytime and primetime soaps on TV, gave movie acting a try with this rather lame picture from AOL Films.    Director Mary Lambert tries and fails to give us a Basic Instinct story with zero script and while this was a studio pictures, it looks like Warners gave them a fairly low budget to work with.  As the lack of film sets show.   If you like Susan Ward, then give this a movie a try, if you want to hope that she gets better film roles in the future, DON"T FIND IT HERE
 I ordered these, and several other movies from the Tyler Perry Collection, only to find that they were not actual movies but on-stage plays. I returned them and was charged a high restocking fee. Not OK! No where in the description was mention of them being stage plays. I will order my CD's and DVD's from another source in the future.
 This is a pure Rip-Off from the cover of Aerosmith's Live Bootleg album from 1978...Where's the shame? Too bad Twilight are not original enough to come up with their own cover.This is a pure Rip-Off from the cover of Aerosmith's Live Bootleg album from 1978...Where's the shame? Too bad Twilight are not original enough to come up with their own cover.In another words, this DVD is pretty suck and the originality here is nowhere to be found...Especially on the cover art that they stole from a much bigger band.
 Shame on talented actors like Maura Tierney and Jerry Orbach for their involvement in this laughably bad mystery movie.  Uninspired direction with a trite and convoluted script combine with terrible acting to make a movie that has little to recommend it.  "Star"/co-writer John Romo is one of the worst leading men to come around the bend in some time, and this is his only film, and I can see why.  He plays a private investigator who finds himself looking into the murders of several lingerie models whose underwear was designed by Tierney, who also works in a local factory run by Orbach.  Dennis Christopher shows up as a seedy illegal alien investigator; and June Lockhart and Lyle Waggoner lend their names to supporting roles as Tierney's estranged parents.  The movie professes to make some statement on the poor treatment of immigrants but it's so shoddily included, it makes no statement at all.Little heard of movie; I can see why
 Cesar Milan, the so-called 'dog whisperer', bases his training methods on a dog behavior model that is so out of date as to be archaic - from the dinosaur age. He teaches that dogs base all their behavior on their pack status, and that you need to use painful 'corrections' to convince them that you are Alpha. This idea hasn't the slightest shred of evidence going for it. Cesar Milan, the so-called 'dog whisperer', bases his training methods on a dog behavior model that is so out of date as to be archaic - from the dinosaur age. He teaches that dogs base all their behavior on their pack status, and that you need to use painful 'corrections' to convince them that you are Alpha. This idea hasn't the slightest shred of evidence going for it. Yes, dogs do have dominance roles, but that hasn't the slightest thing to do with problem behaviors. Dogs do 'bad' doggy behaviors because they work. Dog guards his food bowl? Dog wants to keep food and knows that growling keeps you away. Dog pulls on the leash? Dog wants to get somewhere faster and knows that pulling speeds things up. The dog doesn't care whether or not you're alpha; he only cares that what he's doing works to get him what he wants. Yes, dogs do have dominance roles, but that hasn't the slightest thing to do with problem behaviors. Dogs do 'bad' doggy behaviors because they work. Dog guards his food bowl? Dog wants to keep food and knows that growling keeps you away. Dog pulls on the leash? Dog wants to get somewhere faster and knows that pulling speeds things up. The dog doesn't care whether or not you're alpha; he only cares that what he's doing works to get him what he wants. Technically, Cesar's methods work. But they use force, fear, and pain to teach the dog, when you can teach the same things faster with the proper positive motivation and non-forceful techniques. I have three hyper, active, highly driven Border Collies, and they're all very obedient and mannerly. They don't haul me around the leash, nor do they leap at guests, nor do they ignore me when I tell them something. And I don't need to be 'Alpha' to get them that way; neither does anyone else. Technically, Cesar's methods work. But they use force, fear, and pain to teach the dog, when you can teach the same things faster with the proper positive motivation and non-forceful techniques. I have three hyper, active, highly driven Border Collies, and they're all very obedient and mannerly. They don't haul me around the leash, nor do they leap at guests, nor do they ignore me when I tell them something. And I don't need to be 'Alpha' to get them that way; neither does anyone else. I strongly suggest that you don't buy this item. Good books to start with are Karen Pryor's 'Getting Started: Clicker Training for Dogs', Melissa Alexander's 'Click for Joy!' (also with a great problem solving section), and Jean Donaldson's 'The Culture Clash'. You can easily have a happy, obedient, well behaved dog without causing him fear and pain
 I agree, these were not used in the first two seasons for a good reason, they are not that good.  OK, there is maybe one or two slightly funny sketches but it is not worth buying.  I love Charlie Murphy and the Ashy guy and I think they could have done more with these guys to make it funny.  Dave, come back to TV
 The sound on this DVD is absolutely horrible.  The dialogue is at a much lower volume than the music and sound effects, making it impossible to view without constantly tinkering.  I also have the VHS, on which the sound is perfect, so I can still watch this wonderful movie.  But I would sure like to get my money back for the DVD
 This review is more about the "SuperBit" transfer of the movie to DVD than the movie itself.  The movie itself is great and I highly recommend it.This review is more about the "SuperBit" transfer of the movie to DVD than the movie itself.  The movie itself is great and I highly recommend it.However, the transfer on to this 2002 "SuperBit" version is very lacking in several areas.  The SUPERBIT idea is a good one that is poorly executed on this transfer.  The original intent was to maximize video and audio quality by limiting or even eliminating extra features (like trailers, documentaries, featurettes, and "Making-Of" snippets) to reserve space such that the movie can be presented in the highest quality.However, the transfer on to this 2002 "SuperBit" version is very lacking in several areas.  The SUPERBIT idea is a good one that is poorly executed on this transfer.  The original intent was to maximize video and audio quality by limiting or even eliminating extra features (like trailers, documentaries, featurettes, and "Making-Of" snippets) to reserve space such that the movie can be presented in the highest quality.They have failed to do that here.  The video and audio quality are not what they could be.They have failed to do that here.  The video and audio quality are not what they could be.First, the movie is encoded onto a DVD-9 RSDL disc.  This means the DVD is capable of storing 9.5 GB of data.  However, not even 6 GB is used. As a result, the video and audio quality is not what it could be.First, the movie is encoded onto a DVD-9 RSDL disc.  This means the DVD is capable of storing 9.5 GB of data.  However, not even 6 GB is used. As a result, the video and audio quality is not what it could be."Panic Room" is a 112 minute movie.  Any movie that is 2 hours long or less should be able to easily fit on a DVD-9 disc at maximum encoding rate, provided no extra features are placed on the disc. The maximum video encoding rate to fit a 2 hour (or less) movie onto a DVD-9 disc is 9.8 Mbps.  However, this SuperBit version averages only 6.5 Mbps."Panic Room" is a 112 minute movie.  Any movie that is 2 hours long or less should be able to easily fit on a DVD-9 disc at maximum encoding rate, provided no extra features are placed on the disc. The maximum video encoding rate to fit a 2 hour (or less) movie onto a DVD-9 disc is 9.8 Mbps.  However, this SuperBit version averages only 6.5 Mbps.This SuperBit version offers audio encoding in 3 types: Dolby 2.0 Surround 192kbps, Dolby Digital 5.1, and DTS 5.1.  At first glance this is great news, until you discover that the DTS encoding isn't as high quality as it could be.  The DD 2.0 Surround is presented at a bitrate of 192bkps as expected.  So is the DD 5.1 at the expected 384kbps rate.  DTS 5.1 can go as high as 1536 kbps, but on this disc is presented at only 768 kbps.  This is unsatisfactory given the fact that one-third of the available disc space of the DVD-9 isn't even used.  The DTS encoding rate should be at least 1024 kbps for a movie like this.  This would represent a 33% increase in filespace for the audio portion, but a much larger increase in audio quality to the human ear.  The filespace increase would be only about 256 MB, which is very reasonable when you have over 3 GB of space not even being used. If they had encoded "Panic Room" on this SuperBit disc at an average video bitrate of 9.5 Mbps, and removed the trailers and features, they would have had enough space to present all three audio encodings above, especially the DTS 5.1 encoding at the 1024 kbps rate I stated.  If they had encoded "Panic Room" on this SuperBit disc at an average video bitrate of 9.5 Mbps, and removed the trailers and features, they would have had enough space to present all three audio encodings above, especially the DTS 5.1 encoding at the 1024 kbps rate I stated.  Such an encoding process would have used 9.4 GB of the 9.5 GB of available space.  A much better way to fill up the DVD-9 disc and adhere to the spirit of the SuperBit ideal.  The result would have been a movie encoded to DVD-9 at a much higher video and audio quality than what was presented on this disc.Such an encoding process would have used 9.4 GB of the 9.5 GB of available space.  A much better way to fill up the DVD-9 disc and adhere to the spirit of the SuperBit ideal.  The result would have been a movie encoded to DVD-9 at a much higher video and audio quality than what was presented on this disc.I notice that they will be offering a repackaged SuperBit version in October 2006.  Hopefully that version will fix the flaws I just mentioned and present the movie in the highest encoding rate both video-wise and audio-wise.  It might even offer the better DD-EX 6.1 and DTS-ES 6.1 audio encodings for that extra rear center channel that many A/V receivers can process now.I notice that they will be offering a repackaged SuperBit version in October 2006.  Hopefully that version will fix the flaws I just mentioned and present the movie in the highest encoding rate both video-wise and audio-wise.  It might even offer the better DD-EX 6.1 and DTS-ES 6.1 audio encodings for that extra rear center channel that many A/V receivers can process now.Another thing I am noticing is that many times, for popular movies, they are released them in 2-disc editions.  The first disc contains only the movie and the second disc is all the extra stuff.  If the movie contains both DD and DTS encodings on the first disc, with a very high video bitrate of 9.0 Mbps or greater, it is already in the SuperBit mold.
 I got nothing to say. Was this supposed to be intense? Was this supposed to be a thriller? It was boring. Horrible acting, except for Forest Whitaker: but even he couldn't save this one. Pure Fincher? Pure trash. Horrible, horrible, horrible. Quite possibly one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I am just too upset to type, I can't believe I actually waisted my time with this
 Terrible direction, terrible writing, it almost feels like the director didn't know what he was working with. Although this movie wanted to be in the same race and quality of the movie CLUE, it fails to realize that the plot and characters are incredibly riculous and not funny ha ha but funny stupid. It was a total watse of good celluloid
 The film deserves 5 stars but the DVD only gets 1.  Why:  no letterbox format.  After waiting years for this fabulous film to come out on DVD, why would they give us full screen / pan & scan?  Yes, the quality and color are great but oh, what we're missing on the sidelines
 Many people had reccomended this movie to me but it failed to live up to its reputation.  The quality of the film-making was aweful, the acting bad to the point of utter ridiculousness, and the script read like a cross between a psychotherapists analysis and one of those pulp romance novels about angsty teenagers.  It gets some credit toward the end for showing some self-awareness of how silly and dramatic the whole thing was.  There were some cute moments, and it was interesting to see the humble roots of one of the big L word ladies, but don't go into this movie expecting a highly polished end product
 I love Leslie Nielsen, but this movie is not funny. His better movies are Wrongfully Accused and the Naked Gun movies
 "The Hospital" as well-crafted as it is is a wholly unpleasant viewing experience.  It is not so much a dark comedy but a mean-spirited one.  I was a fan of Paddy Chayefsky's "Network" and at least that film had a little bit of light to compensate for the darkness.  I'm led to believe that Chayefsky must have had a bad experience with the medical profession and this resulted in him skewering it as a whole.  If George C.Scott's character is supposed to be the voice of reason why is it that when he's not brooding, drinking, or contemplating suicide he's off on some rant?  Diana Rigg is completely wasted in this film.  Her whole purpose here seems to be to sport a short mini-skirt and be ravaged by Scott's character.  The film is also not helped by the lead-footed direction of Arthur Hiller.  The medical profession can be lampooned but don't look for it in this uneven tirade of a film
 I live in South Africa where the series appeared 20 years ago.Thanks to Amazon I was able to relive the wonder of Archie Bunker where each episode provides laughs from one of the family,each of whom is brilliantly cast.I have series 3&4 and now want 1&2.Don't wait any longer,24 episodes of absolute delight await you
 Betty Hutton has a colossal amount of energy. She seems to be doing everything she possibly can to be entertaining. She's a good sport about a funny but unflattering getup in her early hayseed numbers. Her voice is sturdy, durable, indestructible.Betty Hutton has a colossal amount of energy. She seems to be doing everything she possibly can to be entertaining. She's a good sport about a funny but unflattering getup in her early hayseed numbers. Her voice is sturdy, durable, indestructible.But oh my God, her acting choices ... She and the Indians are stampeding around with performances far too broad for the medium of film (whereas Buffalo Bill, allegedly a larger-than-life character, looks like a corpse by comparison, and Howard Keel, in only his second film, must manage to act like these are human beings he's relating to). But oh my God, her acting choices ... She and the Indians are stampeding around with performances far too broad for the medium of film (whereas Buffalo Bill, allegedly a larger-than-life character, looks like a corpse by comparison, and Howard Keel, in only his second film, must manage to act like these are human beings he's relating to). Take a look at Betty Hutton's reaction upon seeing Howard Keel for the first time -- the mugging would be considered "a bit much" if seen from the back row of an amphitheater. At best, her performance is clownlike; at worst, it's apelike. Little of her performance overlaps with what we know as humanity. It's a magnificent effort, and a stunning testimony to her desire to please, but her comedy has no reality, no nuance, no connection to any sincere emotion. She seizes on "hick" and drives that into the ground, then she plays nothing but "infatuated" for a while before toggling to "resentful" and so forth ... It's a series of masks and set pieces, but it's not a character. Judy Garland was in sad shape at that point in her life, but even then she would have been able to find the vulnerability flickering behind Annie's rootin'-tootinest moments, and she wouldn't have neglected Annie's grit even in the melting sentimental scenes. Nobody can do vulnerability like Judy, and yet few are identified so strongly as survivors -- both qualities that would serve this character. Annie could be a wonderful character, a great self-conflicted mess of strength, longing, guts, femininity, skill, naivete and worldiness, all trying to cohere into a woman who can win her man -- but instead Betty Hutton makes her a pop-eyed, crude cartoon with the subtlety of an iron skillet. I am surprised that Hutton didn't insist on doing the role with a couple of teeth blacked out. Maybe they just wouldn't let her. The scenes where she tries to read out loud are compelling for the way they illustrate someone playing for a cheap laugh, oblivious to any further potential the character and situation might provide. Take a look at Betty Hutton's reaction upon seeing Howard Keel for the first time -- the mugging would be considered "a bit much" if seen from the back row of an amphitheater. At best, her performance is clownlike; at worst, it's apelike. Little of her performance overlaps with what we know as humanity. It's a magnificent effort, and a stunning testimony to her desire to please, but her comedy has no reality, no nuance, no connection to any sincere emotion. She seizes on "hick" and drives that into the ground, then she plays nothing but "infatuated" for a while before toggling to "resentful" and so forth ... It's a series of masks and set pieces, but it's not a character. Judy Garland was in sad shape at that point in her life, but even then she would have been able to find the vulnerability flickering behind Annie's rootin'-tootinest moments, and she wouldn't have neglected Annie's grit even in the melting sentimental scenes. Nobody can do vulnerability like Judy, and yet few are identified so strongly as survivors -- both qualities that would serve this character. Annie could be a wonderful character, a great self-conflicted mess of strength, longing, guts, femininity, skill, naivete and worldiness, all trying to cohere into a woman who can win her man -- but instead Betty Hutton makes her a pop-eyed, crude cartoon with the subtlety of an iron skillet. I am surprised that Hutton didn't insist on doing the role with a couple of teeth blacked out. Maybe they just wouldn't let her. The scenes where she tries to read out loud are compelling for the way they illustrate someone playing for a cheap laugh, oblivious to any further potential the character and situation might provide. I kept replaying scenes over and over in awe before moving on, and the memory of Betty Hutton's performance is branded on my brain, but it's because this performance seems like it's following the traditions of some other culture, some other world. It's like going to a sideshow.I kept replaying scenes over and over in awe before moving on, and the memory of Betty Hutton's performance is branded on my brain, but it's because this performance seems like it's following the traditions of some other culture, some other world. It's like going to a sideshow.That said, the tunes are a non-stop parade of hits -- there probably isn't any other show in which the composer so successfully nails so many numbers one after another, in wildly different styles, with effective melodies worth remembering. The classic tunes just keep coming. The movie works as spectacle and songfest, and as a startling specimen of what audiences would swallow in the days before political correctness. But if you're looking for a portrayal of a woman with genuine feelings and motivations, you might be distracted by the gorgeous blonde chimpanzee who steals all her scenes.That said, the tunes are a non-stop parade of hits -- there probably isn't any other show in which the composer so successfully nails so many numbers one after another, in wildly different styles, with effective melodies worth remembering. The classic tunes just keep coming. The movie works as spectacle and songfest, and as a startling specimen of what audiences would swallow in the days before political correctness. But if you're looking for a portrayal of a woman with genuine feelings and motivations, you might be distracted by the gorgeous blonde chimpanzee who steals all her scenes.
 I have to disagree with the reviews above and say that I watched this movie on dvd having watched it as a kid twenty years ago. Unfortunately I couldn't find anything about this film I remember enjoying. It's a cross between The Blob, The Thing and a really crap detective movie. Moriarty's character is pretty smooth but the film culminates in a farce reminicent of an 80's kiddy movie. This film is definetly not for intelligent adults and you'll lose interest halfway through I guarantee it. No suspense, few laughs, and way to hokey to watch twice. If you love this movie you need to get out more.
 Michael Moriarity is my hero! He is just one of the coolest actors in my opinion. He has done such great B-movies as this, Q, and It's Alive 3: Island of the Alive. How awesome is he?? Anyways, I think that this movie was hilarious! I think a lot of people take this movie too seriously, thinking that it is going to be your typical movie. But you shouldn't because not only is this a B-movie, but IT IS supposed to be funny. My favorite part is when "the stuff" started bubbeling out of the ground and that old hick guy just starts eating it. Who would do that?? I just started laughing by butt off when that happened. So if you watch this movie, just sit back and enjoy it for what it's worth, don't be too critical on it.What I learned from The Stuff: Dairy products are evil! Especially if they come from with in the earth!If you like The Stuff, I recommend: Watching other B-movies, such as Island of the Alive 3, Zombi 3 and 4, etc
 I love Jeff Goldblum, but he didn't carry this film. The film was ruined for me the second Julane Moore (yuck!) and the ridiculous, lame token Black daughter of Goldblum showed up no doubt to satisfy nauseating political correctness in Hollywood all at the expense of this bust of a film. It's obviously too much to ask for a white protagonist to actually have a white daughter. What a concept. It just added to the disbelief of the characters (stay Goldblum), the storyline, and the ultimate letdown of this much anticipated sequel. Jurassic Park III wasn't much better
 I am a big fan of Frank Miller's work and I loved reading the graphic novels the movie was adapted from. When I saw this film I was blown away by the visuals. It had an amazing graphic style that was very different than anything I had seen in a movie before.I am a big fan of Frank Miller's work and I loved reading the graphic novels the movie was adapted from. When I saw this film I was blown away by the visuals. It had an amazing graphic style that was very different than anything I had seen in a movie before.Having mentioned it's good points I have to say I was enormously disappointed with the dialogue and some of the story adaptation to screen. It seems to me those involved in the screenplay and production were too concerned with adapting this in an overly faithful manner from the graphic novel to the big screen. For the most part the bad dialogue and some of the terrible acting in parts were just too painful to sit through. I had to keep checking to see if my ears were bleeding yet.Having mentioned it's good points I have to say I was enormously disappointed with the dialogue and some of the story adaptation to screen. It seems to me those involved in the screenplay and production were too concerned with adapting this in an overly faithful manner from the graphic novel to the big screen. For the most part the bad dialogue and some of the terrible acting in parts were just too painful to sit through. I had to keep checking to see if my ears were bleeding yet.Each extraordinarily bad line or horribly acted sequence made we wince like I was being mugged. What works in a graphic novel doesn't necessarily work as well when adapted directly to screen without a bit more adaptation than you'll see here. All the characters were severely and tragically 2-dimensional with none of the depth you get from reading the graphic novel and very little attention was paid to developing better dialogue suitable for a big screen experience. Also, many of the big name actors in this movie were capable of much better performances than they displayed here.Each extraordinarily bad line or horribly acted sequence made we wince like I was being mugged. What works in a graphic novel doesn't necessarily work as well when adapted directly to screen without a bit more adaptation than you'll see here. All the characters were severely and tragically 2-dimensional with none of the depth you get from reading the graphic novel and very little attention was paid to developing better dialogue suitable for a big screen experience. Also, many of the big name actors in this movie were capable of much better performances than they displayed here.Purists and rabid fans of the graphic novel may be capable of somehow finding a way to look past all the terrible acting and awful dialogue that is rife throughout the film. However, my bottom line opinion is it's a good film to watch for the visual look only, but you will almost certainly enjoy it far more if you keep the 'mute' button on. This film had the potential to be truly great but it is extremely disappointing that it fell so far short of that mark
 Incredible does describe this movie- incredibly bad! This movie doesn't know what it wants to be. At times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of "Mississippi Burning" or the anger and impunity of "Ghosts of Mississippi", or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre. At other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of 2 of its main actors, Matthew McConaughey and Sandra Bullock. As a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre's list of movies for lack of originality, and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make. Some of my favorite actors are wasted, either by being given cliched dialogue, over acting, or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence. If this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book, then I have no interest in reading the book. I'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper. But the direction doesn't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own.  Bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role, proving she's only worthy of b-grade "Miss Congeniality" type crud.  McConaughey over acts so much (as can be said for Keifer Sutherland and others) that it can be said he balances out the under acting of Patrick McGoohan, Kevin Spacey and Donald Sutherland. Samuel L. Jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever, but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in.  Even the extras in this movie are horrible. Enough can't be said about the terrible direction in this movie, equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault, making Sergio Leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison. This is not "a powerful film." It's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast, a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience, and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions, culminating in an over the top, pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by McConaughey that wouldn't hold water in any real court of justice. Maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt, or because they haven't seen quality comparisons and classics like "Mississippis Burning," that has both a great script and fabulous acting. I don't know. All I know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started. Among the top of my most over rated movies
 Unless you enjoy movies that are not funny, not scary, and have the worst actors this side of rodeo clowns, DO NOT WATCH this series of horrible flicks.  Putrid!  Not even "so-bad-it's-funny". Absolutely the worst films in the history of mankind!  Heed my warning!  SUCKS!!
 i actually saw this movie when i was 7 and it freaked me out abit, but i mean the brother was basically a blob with a face and the story was as bad as the acting. The ending was garbage and it had nothing to offer in todays world.Dont even rent this, i dont even know why you are considering the film.i actually saw this movie when i was 7 and it freaked me out abit, but i mean the brother was basically a blob with a face and the story was as bad as the acting. The ending was garbage and it had nothing to offer in todays world.Dont even rent this, i dont even know why you are considering the film.I only give it a 2 star rating because t managed to scare a seven year old and i havent forgot how dumb the film was since.
 I read some good reviews about this movie. In adition, I respect french's cinema, they usually gives us interested and unconventional movies. So, I bought "Spanish Apartment".A big dissapointment. Hughe one. It's candid, it's "naive", it's boring, with poor ideas, poor acting, very predictable. There's a lot of good movies around you, don't waste your time in this one
 Bette Midler and Woody Allen together would make one think of a movie that is very funny and pleasing. Instead here we get one that has more romance and drama than comedy as Bette and Woody play a couple who is celebrating their wedding annivesary as their children have both left for school. They also discover that they have been cheating on one another. The movie gets boring rather fast as Bette and Woody are the only ones we get to see as there are very few supporting characters. I would have expected better from these two
 ....for several reasons.  Apparently, the other online reviewers are extremely over-analytical in their critiques of this film.  The DVD's jacket has a quote from Rolling Stone..."Think 'Sex and the City' with men!"  Well, I say, "Think again."   As an avid watcher of "Sex and the City", this film has little if any comparison to SATC.  Firstly, this film is not a comedy.  There were very small instances when I kind of chuckled, but could barely muster a real laugh.  Actually, towards the end of the film there is so much constant screaming and fighting that I kept hitting FAST FORWARD on the remote (those of you who regularly depend on reviews for movie choices know exactly what I mean here!).  The characters are presented in a confusing fashion with only snippets and glimpses into each person's life.  These disjointed glimpses don't give the viewer time or depth to care what happens to any of the spoiled rotten characters.  Yes, they are all bored whether they are in their 30's or their 50's.  Yes, they all want to break away from the mundane by running away or having affairs.  I usually enjoy movies with this breaking-away-from-boredom type of plot for example...Pane e Tulipani (Bread and Tulips), Facing Windows (also starring Giovanna Mezzogiorno and a MUCH better film), Under the Tuscan Sun, Shirley Valentine, A Month by the Lake, etc. The Last Kiss does not deliver anything near what these other films do, however.  The viewer is left with no warm feelings about life's decisions, only a twist ending that will make you furious and sick for having spent two hours watching this film
 I was unfortunate enough to have stumbled across this in 2004.  I was thinking it would be a good sit down and watch type of movie, but it was really lackluster.  I was unfortunate enough to have stumbled across this in 2004.  I was thinking it would be a good sit down and watch type of movie, but it was really lackluster.  The acting is wooden, the script is very lame, and worst of all, the action isn't very exciting.  I expected a much better movie from director Richard Donner.  There is a battle scene, and there are action scenes, but they just aren't exciting.  When the action isn't exciting, you better have a good story.  The story here is alright, but certainly not enough to save the movie.The acting is wooden, the script is very lame, and worst of all, the action isn't very exciting.  I expected a much better movie from director Richard Donner.  There is a battle scene, and there are action scenes, but they just aren't exciting.  When the action isn't exciting, you better have a good story.  The story here is alright, but certainly not enough to save the movie.I don't hate any of the actors, they are decent when they have something to work with.  Here they had nothing to work with, so they obviously didn't do too well this time.I don't hate any of the actors, they are decent when they have something to work with.  Here they had nothing to work with, so they obviously didn't do too well this time.This really isn't worth your time.  I gave this to the thrift shop after I got it, and I feel sorry for the person who bought it there
 This movie was AWESOME!  Ben Stiller is a comic GENIUS, he's the new Jerry Lewis!  DeNiro, AWESOME!  Hoffman, AWESOME!  Streisand, AWESOME and still very sexy for an old liberal ho!  I thought the sight gags were priceless, and the plot line serene!  This was Hollywood movie watching heaven!  This film should have won some Academy Awards!  I mean if Marisa Torme can win for My Cousin Vinnie, these A-1 actors should've at least been nominated!  This is a highly entertaining film, and I recommend it to every and anyone to see, but wear your Depends, because you might pee yourself from laughing so hard!  Dubya 99, you don't know what in the FRIGGIN' H E L L you're talking about!  Yeah like we're suppose to take the opinion of an anti-social loser, that complains about going out to the movies?  Stay home, I'm sure Dateline NBC will be calling soon about that episode they had recently
 This truly is a horrible movie.  7 seconds, huh, yeah 7 seconds to realize I made a mistake in renting it.  The acting is horrible, the plot is horrible, the filming is horrible...  Everything is horrible!  I was hopeful because of Snipes, which is why I rented it despite not ever seeing the movie anywhere before in the theaters.  The guy at the store even told us that he was told it was a good movie!  Snipes couldn't even do the fight scenes and make them look real.  The ending is a car chase that ends so abruptly that you suddenly see them sitting next to a pond behind their house completely in love!  Huh, they were a romantic interest?  They hinted at it, but never showed this happening.  This truly is a horrible movie.  7 seconds, huh, yeah 7 seconds to realize I made a mistake in renting it.  The acting is horrible, the plot is horrible, the filming is horrible...  Everything is horrible!  I was hopeful because of Snipes, which is why I rented it despite not ever seeing the movie anywhere before in the theaters.  The guy at the store even told us that he was told it was a good movie!  Snipes couldn't even do the fight scenes and make them look real.  The ending is a car chase that ends so abruptly that you suddenly see them sitting next to a pond behind their house completely in love!  Huh, they were a romantic interest?  They hinted at it, but never showed this happening.  Do not rent or buy this movie.  Stay away, or you will be sucked into it shaking your head wondering why you rented this movie
 I loved the original movie, and I love Johnny Depp so I thought this movie would be awesome.Wrong wrong wrong!! First of all, the child actors were horrible, well the Charlie and Mike characters were ok, but the two girl actors were the worst I've seen in a long time. And what did they do to Johnny Depp? He was so creepy and weird. I took my nine year old to see it in the theater, and even she almost fell asleep. If you really want a treat watch the original with Gene Wilder
 The books are witty and charming. This, in stark contrast, is formulaic schlock. Americans -- and much of the world's consumers -- prefer their entertainment predigested so it doesn't require chewing, so they consume the same nutritionless movieland cliches endlessly.The books are witty and charming. This, in stark contrast, is formulaic schlock. Americans -- and much of the world's consumers -- prefer their entertainment predigested so it doesn't require chewing, so they consume the same nutritionless movieland cliches endlessly.In the land of limitless equality, everything is reduced to equal tastelessness. If you want impart the capacity for discernment to your child, you could start by avoiding this twaddle. The Eloise books are special, while this movie is mere product
 When I purchased this DVD, I was hoping to get the complete picture- an unbiased presentation. From scratch I could sense what was to come. Bad presentation coupled with one sided propaganda forms the crux of this DVD. It is not well researched and very important issues have been completely omitted. What little was discussed appeared to be very tainted. I definitely did not expect National Geographic to come up with this kind of a DVD. I will definitely think TEN times before I purchase anything from them. Maybe they should just stick to wildlife/geography/ecology and leave history/religion/spirituality alone
 Though I'm still a big South Park fan, I do think that the quality of the show has progressively declined over the past three seasons.  This season has its standouts, most notably the truly demented Christmas Critters episode, but it also has incredibly lame episodes like the dance off and election episodes.  Though I'm still a big South Park fan, I do think that the quality of the show has progressively declined over the past three seasons.  This season has its standouts, most notably the truly demented Christmas Critters episode, but it also has incredibly lame episodes like the dance off and election episodes.  To make matters worse, Matt and Trey put next to no effort into providing any extras for fans who pony up top dollar for the dvd collections.  A show like the Simpsons not only has more episodes per season and sells for the same price but the people involved in the Simpsons go the extra mile to satisfy fans:  full episode commentaries with writers, producers, directors, voice actors, etc as well as deleted scenes and other special features.  Matt and Trey provide generally uninteresting "mini commentaries."  No doubt about it, the boys are just generally "phoning it in" at this point, seemingly caring only about continuing their franchise and maximizing their profits for as little effort as possible
 I hear this is a good movie, but can't play it as the DVD is visibly damaged.  So what about Quality control?  This disc should never have gotten out the door, but the odd thing is, I ordered 2 DVD's from Amazon - different titles, both damaged.  Are you guys buying 2nds and pawning them off on us?  "F
  I usually trust Amazon reviewers on movie reviews, but this time ....NO WAY!   This silly, totally predictable film left us playing with the cat for our evening entertainment, hoping the movie would liven up.  Sadly, it didn't. To those who rave about the film...you must be in another dimension or something.  Thumbs DOWN.
 I liked the shows when the 1st ran on tv; the unrated didn't quite live up to my expectations
 Another product of Hollywood's "Karaoke Culture".  In an age where we see cinematic remakes of every kind, we have in "U-571" an outrageous attempt to borrow from the success and acclaim of "Das Boot".  But instead of a gripping war drama that reveals the tragic waste of war, we get a cheap flag-waving pile of Hollywood propaganda. The lighting, camera angles and claustrophobic set are obviously inspired by DB. But the bigoted innacuracies (German submariners machine gunning helpless sailors) and absurd scenarios (an incredibly lucky stern shot sinks a destroyer in hot pursuit) put this ridiculous movie in its own category. U-571 is just another thin, over-promoted, throw-away movie you'll forget the day after you see it
 Sat down and saw this one on televion.Sat down and saw this one on televion.Only good service was that now I know buying the DVD would be a waste of money.Only good service was that now I know buying the DVD would be a waste of money.What was actually achieved by the British is portrayed as an American achievement. Slanders the U-boat men portraying them as heartless marauders. Other than allied Propoganda pieces, There are no incidents of U-boats machinegunning people in lifeboats. What was actually achieved by the British is portrayed as an American achievement. Slanders the U-boat men portraying them as heartless marauders. Other than allied Propoganda pieces, There are no incidents of U-boats machinegunning people in lifeboats. The movie itself I have little respect. Basicly Plotless and  unrealistic. Action scenes unbelievable. Characters Two Dimensional. The movie itself I have little respect. Basicly Plotless and  unrealistic. Action scenes unbelievable. Characters Two Dimensional. This film Awful.
 Sure, this movie is a classic. But is it any good? Frankly, I found it to be tedious in the extreme.Sure, this movie is a classic. But is it any good? Frankly, I found it to be tedious in the extreme.It's certainly pleasant to look at. The sets are quite amazing, and the cinematography is absolutely beautiful.It's certainly pleasant to look at. The sets are quite amazing, and the cinematography is absolutely beautiful.The story (as described in detail in many other reviews here) has potential as both a thriller and a thought-provoking essay (ultimately it is neither).The story (as described in detail in many other reviews here) has potential as both a thriller and a thought-provoking essay (ultimately it is neither).The acting is top notch, as are all of the special effects. Those of us who cut our teeth using teletype machines always get a kick out of seeing them in all their anachronistic glory. In fact, all of the computer stuff is believable for the era and pleasantly nostalgic.The acting is top notch, as are all of the special effects. Those of us who cut our teeth using teletype machines always get a kick out of seeing them in all their anachronistic glory. In fact, all of the computer stuff is believable for the era and pleasantly nostalgic.But the whole thing never rises to its premise. Its "thriller" aspect is artificial and not tied to the central plot line, and entirely predictable from the moment our friend is handed THE ONLY KEY THAT CAN STOP THE NUKE! The resolution is an afterthought (a quick fix in the extreme), and barely even mentioned in about two lines of dialogue after the artificial danger is (narrowly, whew!) averted. The characters are thin at best, and stock at worst.But the whole thing never rises to its premise. Its "thriller" aspect is artificial and not tied to the central plot line, and entirely predictable from the moment our friend is handed THE ONLY KEY THAT CAN STOP THE NUKE! The resolution is an afterthought (a quick fix in the extreme), and barely even mentioned in about two lines of dialogue after the artificial danger is (narrowly, whew!) averted. The characters are thin at best, and stock at worst.This movie is really a slow survey of what people in the early 70s thought technology would be like in the mid 70s. Yawn. (I must laugh at the whole bell/paper bit. It means nothing to the plot, and is the ultimate contrivance.)This movie is really a slow survey of what people in the early 70s thought technology would be like in the mid 70s. Yawn. (I must laugh at the whole bell/paper bit. It means nothing to the plot, and is the ultimate contrivance.)If a deadly virus actually came back from space, there would certainly be action on many fronts, with plenty of interesting conflict to go around. Some people would try to understand it, others would want only to kill it. There's some potentially interesting tension right there. Some people would argue to keep the danger hidden from the public, others would want to warn them. Again, that could have been a good source of tension. Someone would surely have suspected that the military wanted to harness it as a biological weapon (mentioned in passing, but never developed), while others would try very hard to prevent that. More tension.If a deadly virus actually came back from space, there would certainly be action on many fronts, with plenty of interesting conflict to go around. Some people would try to understand it, others would want only to kill it. There's some potentially interesting tension right there. Some people would argue to keep the danger hidden from the public, others would want to warn them. Again, that could have been a good source of tension. Someone would surely have suspected that the military wanted to harness it as a biological weapon (mentioned in passing, but never developed), while others would try very hard to prevent that. More tension.I'm just saying that this movie is littered with missed opportunities for something more than the collection of boring experiments and pointlessly slow-moving scenes which it actually contains. This movie is the poster child for boring science fiction, and it would not have had to be that way.I'm just saying that this movie is littered with missed opportunities for something more than the collection of boring experiments and pointlessly slow-moving scenes which it actually contains. This movie is the poster child for boring science fiction, and it would not have had to be that way.I haven't read the book, but I bet it's a lot better. At its core, this movie is a boring dud.I haven't read the book, but I bet it's a lot better. At its core, this movie is a boring dud.I haven't read the book, but I bet it's a lot better. At its core, this movie is a boring dud.
    Not only was the dialogue of the film trite and the plot much like a pornographic after school special, but the movie unfortunately reinforces a worldview which anti-homosexual groups been touting for years--If you're thinking turning your female frienship into a relationship, don't.  The lesbian always goes crazy and dies in the end.    If you're interested in finding out what I'm talking about, Lisa Duggan explains how this ideology gets transimitted and reinforced in her book Sapphic Slashers. Also, If you're interested in watching a film about first-time lesbian love, please do yourself a favor and check out The Incredible True Story of Two Girls in Love or But, I'm a Cheerleader.  Support movies that actually advance queer causes instead of making all of us look like freaks
 The shows themselves are wonderful, but the people who put together this DVD set should be ashamed of this paltry effort! There are NO cast or staff interviews about the ending of such a wonderful series. NO commentaries. No English sub-titles.  NO John Spencer honorarium of any kind. They didn't even take the time to include the 1 hour re-showing of the original pilot they aired before the finale!  The only "extras" are two not-special-at-all special features dealing with the debate. This DVD set is definately NOT worth the money to buy it brand new.
 Unfortunately this MS collection is not compatible with European DVD players.  The cover of the DVD actually tells you this as well as that it is 'not for sale or rent outside the US and Canada'.  Save yourself a lot of trouble and don't buy this if you are from the EU!
 Cheesy instructorthe instructor's voice covers the music in the background which turns you off going on with the exercize, the music itself is monotonous and the beat is not inline with the moves. the instructor is too fast to follow..to cut it short i do not recommend this for anyone ..totally not professional
 I have always like Denise Austin, however; this was tape was way too fast for a beginner.  I thought it was for beginner and on up.  Denise went way to fast and she did not explain the poses at all.  I will not be using this tape.  I was disappointed because normally I love her videotapes and her. 
 I hated this movie. SO unrealistic. Sure, maybe there are some little freaks running around raping and drinking and beating. But I AM a teenager in a city. NOBODY acts like this!What the hell is the point of this movie? To scare the crap out of parents?Also, the rape scene was vile. At first I respected the director for showing it and not shying away. A FULL MINUTE LATER, I started feeling awkward and uncomfortable. It wasn't even artistic, it was just disgusting and truly disturbing
 Margarett Mitchell must be rolling in her grave. She wrote a masterpiece in the 1930's, then Alexandra Ripley bought the rights to her book by conning Margaret Mitchell's heirs to sell out the legacy of their relative.  Alexandra Ripley's novel was an embarrasing pile of mush, even worse than a Barbara Courtland romance novel.Margarett Mitchell must be rolling in her grave. She wrote a masterpiece in the 1930's, then Alexandra Ripley bought the rights to her book by conning Margaret Mitchell's heirs to sell out the legacy of their relative.  Alexandra Ripley's novel was an embarrasing pile of mush, even worse than a Barbara Courtland romance novel.Beautiful costumes and a good cast - but the script is a soap opera and very poorly written with too many cliche's.  The TV movie version is even worse than Alexandra Ripley's book. I would have given this movie zero stars - but gave it 2 stars solely for the world class acting of Sean Bean as the deliciously evil Lord Fenton. Beautiful costumes and a good cast - but the script is a soap opera and very poorly written with too many cliche's.  The TV movie version is even worse than Alexandra Ripley's book. I would have given this movie zero stars - but gave it 2 stars solely for the world class acting of Sean Bean as the deliciously evil Lord Fenton. Sean Bean heats up the screen as a sexy, feral villian along the lines of "The Man You Love to Hate" as an unsafe sex symbol.  Unless you are a Sean Bean fan, there is nothing worthwhile about this film.  The script is trite, cliche'd and very slow moving.  Sean Bean is only in Disc 1 and his character is eliminated and the movie slides downhill from there.Sean Bean heats up the screen as a sexy, feral villian along the lines of "The Man You Love to Hate" as an unsafe sex symbol.  Unless you are a Sean Bean fan, there is nothing worthwhile about this film.  The script is trite, cliche'd and very slow moving.  Sean Bean is only in Disc 1 and his character is eliminated and the movie slides downhill from there.Disc 2 is overwrought with very boring, drawn out courtroom scenes...I was almost rooting that Scarlett would be hanged for the murder just to see an end to this movie!Disc 2 is overwrought with very boring, drawn out courtroom scenes...I was almost rooting that Scarlett would be hanged for the murder just to see an end to this movie!I've always liked Joanna Whaley-Kilmer and Timothy Dalton. They are excellent actors wasted in this pile of mush movie. Ann-Margaret's performance as Belle Watling is so bad I wanted to slap her.I've always liked Joanna Whaley-Kilmer and Timothy Dalton. They are excellent actors wasted in this pile of mush movie. Ann-Margaret's performance as Belle Watling is so bad I wanted to slap her.Do yourself a favor and watch the original Gone With the Wind starring Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh if you want to see a wonderful film
 I've loved this movie ever since I saw it on CBS years ago so I was really excited to own it on DVD. Unfortunately the experience was ruined when I discovered that there are big sound problems on the second disc. Loud popping sounds completely cover up the dialogue in an entire scene. I was very dissapointed. I've loved this movie ever since I saw it on CBS years ago so I was really excited to own it on DVD. Unfortunately the experience was ruined when I discovered that there are big sound problems on the second disc. Loud popping sounds completely cover up the dialogue in an entire scene. I was very dissapointed. The movie is great but the sound problems aren't worth the purchase. Stay away
 The only thing that kept this from being ABSOLUTELY predictable was that a dead bad guy did NOT spring back to life.  I found myself saying "Oh come on" to one plot point after another (previous reviewers have covered these absurdities).  The underlying scenario was unconvincing and un-involving (previous reviews in this thread provide details)
 The plot to this movie or so called sequal is horrible.  I rented this movie expecting something good and I end up falling asleep.  I actually had to watch it several times just to find out what really happened.  Don't even buy it, it is a waist of your money
 Whatever ills are in the world, it's all the fault of the corporations. That's the basic premise of this terribly misguided one-sided and totally non-objective movie. For example, instead of saying how terrible it is for companies paying people in the developing world peanuts for their work, they forget that these people's alternatives ARE EVEN WORSE and that's why they took that job in the first place!  These jobs provide them with one of the few options they have and, if they chose that job freely, it must be their BEST option, no matter how crazy it seems to us. As people's skills rise, as opportunities increase over time (by having MORE corporations and not less, to create more competition for these people's labor), and as the country becomes wealthier, these people's wages will rise automaticaly and in fact, the wages of the whole country on the average.  There are no shortcuts to his.  A famous story comes from Nepal where anti-child labor laws, at the urging of the UN, turned thousands of kids overnight into prostitutes as those jobs, as sad as it may be, were their best options to avoid starvation and feed their families.  It's a slow process, but all the industrialized nations went through that process.  Government-mandated "shortcuts" usually produce results which are even worse.  However, the results speak for themselves: in VERY short period of time, for example, HUNDRDS OF MILLIONS of people were lifted out of poverty in China, India and around the world thanks for the "evil" capalism & its corporations.  No other system has ever done it so quickly as in the past 15 years in China and India alone.  Also, cost of living is very low there, so these pennies really can go a long way, don't measure it to the cost of living in the West.  What is the filmmakers alternative they offer for these people? I guess to let people starve to death, then the makers of this movie don't have have anyting to complain about!?  Other examples of stupidity include showing that a company is like a person who's a psychopath.  A corpoartion is a legal entity yes, and may act like a separate "being" as far the law in concerned, but does a corporation have a nose, feet, stomach? Can it eat apples or sneeze or have arthritis? Of course, not, than how can you attach a human idea like a psychopath to it??  Several of the main "spokepersons" in the movie, Chomsky, Michael Moore, Rifkin and others are renowned for their off-the-wall comments which frequently have NO basis in any kind of economics or reality.  To correct the inaccuracies in the statements made by these and other people in the movie, you'd have to stop it every 5 minutes and explain to the audience how profoundly wrong the statements are.  Throughout the whole movie, you're basically bombarded by one-sided arguments with VERY little of the other side presented, despite the director's claim of the opposite 9they claim 1/2 & 1/2, it's more like 80%-20%).  Just look at Chomsky's comments about how the consumers are so stupid, they don't realize that all the things they buy they don't really need. I mean we don't need fashionable clothes (hey, let's all dress as boring as Chomsky!), DVD players, or any new gadgets that make life easier or more fun.  Who is the judge of what you REALLY need?  Chomsky, of course. He is the final arbiter of what you really need or what you don't. You're too stupid to know what you want, according to him. He says that you should do "more important things", like...perhaps studying lingistics (which he teaches but which very few care about).  The movie DOES make some correct and good observations, especially regarding polution, however, I'd say that 80% of the movie is factually and logically flawed. It's also FULL of economic fallacies. It's worth watching I guess, just to see how many errors one can make in just 1 movie.  Despite all the ranting in the movie, it fails to mention THE biggest reason of most of the problems it brings up - too much governement interference is every facet of life.  For examples, how could a Government of Brazil forbit the people of collecting rain water! How could the U.S. government do so many things for private companies with public funds?  Just forbid the governments from playing favorites with companies, forbid government corporate welfare of ANY kind, forbid subsidies to companies, cut the suffocating red tape and regulation (esp. in developing countries but in the West too), cut corporate taxes to 5 or 10% (and see unemployment rate go to almost nothing, give people all around the world a better life, increase competition, etc.)  If these and other governments (and not corporations') problems were eliminated, the vast majority of ALL the problems which the movie brings up will simply go away.  An interesing film for anyone to see how the truth can be twisted by mindless people with an agenda to go back to 15th century rural lifestile (spoken about with much admiration), people with NO understanding about economics, how the world really works and how to REALLY raise the billions out of poverty who this movie does the biggest disservice for.
 We saw the movie in the theatre and loved it. The DVD we just purchased was horrible. They chopped out so much of the movie it made it un-watchable. It is only good for a coaster under my drink now
 She's built like a 12-year-old boy... give me Vida Guerra anyday
 I was thrilled when I first read that MLB Productions was finally issuing a DVD version of highlights of the Baltimore Orioles' three World Series victories.  I already owned the VHS versions, one of which (the 1970 World Series) had a major flaw in the audio synchronization (watching the last third of the highlights was like viewing a badly dubbed foreign film).  Finally, I could own all three highlights reels on one disc and without the sync error on the 1970 World Series.Much to my dismay, the MLB logo is permanently, and obtrusively, displayed on the upper right corner of all three programs.  What's that all about?  Does MLB Productions think I'm going to illegally copy and distribute stills?  Thank goodness I don't own a plasma TV or I'd be staring at that stupid logo for the next five years!Sound and picture quality are okay otherwise.  But....that logo is really annoying
 the movie directors in the ME, particularly Iranians, are responding to demands by the West for certain type of movies. They produce what is demanded from them; in turn, they receive awards. cultural industry empowers these demands; they are the ones who will ensure that such movies will be received the Western audiences and they are the ones who decide who is awarded. There is no single ME movie which depict the story of Western imperialism in the ME and then awarded for doing so. ME movies must show that ME women are in need of emancipation; ME cultures are presented as in need of getting civilized. civilization itself is presented in vertical sense; there is a civilization somewhere out there all MEasterners are expected to reach; yet, it was that same civilization that threw doll bombs on them. (no reference to who threw them doll bombs or who mined their country; who deprived them of education and knowledge. the West is represented by beautiful, blonde nurses, a nice American guy who just pretend to be a doctor and help them with his "everyday Western knowledge of medicine" in the midst of total ignorance, and the helicopters that threw on them fake legs. such a nice way to civilize!)the story of Afghanistan is real. however, the movie does not render a fair job in reflecting the background of it. rather, it does an excellent job in meeting the cultural demand; in producing a product that can sell well. the situation is miserable; but what caused such misery in Afghanistan? your answer after seeing the movie will be that it is Islam; it is that Islamic culture; that backward culture of those people with wonderful eyes. such a conclusion is strongly demanded in the absence of other factors. there is no single implying in the movie, a smallest reference, that Afghanistan has suffered centuries old imperialism at the hands of the British and then the Russian and now Americans who played their Great Game on the chessboard of Eurasia. There is a passage in the movie to the effect that somebody will come to liberate them. those imperialists came in the name of civilization; French did to Algeria, the British did to India; all in the name of bringing them civilization. It was White Man's Burden to do so. Yet Makhmalbaf needs more awards. he has to compete in the cultural circus and perform well for the pleasure of Western audiences, in order to continue to be in demand. you did a nice job, applauses; go on.(anyone who is interested in cultural imperialism should read Foucault's works and Edward Said's Orientalism.
 In the film commentary, Director Robert Altman said he thought a really good film should leave people saying, 'I don't know what it was about but I really liked it.' (That's a paraphrase). And I think that's the key to why this film is so bad: The director didn't know what it was about.  In the film commentary, Director Robert Altman said he thought a really good film should leave people saying, 'I don't know what it was about but I really liked it.' (That's a paraphrase). And I think that's the key to why this film is so bad: The director didn't know what it was about.  The weird, atonal score by Gerald Busby was an annoyance throughout, often drowning out the dialog. It's the kind of creepy music that comes in most horror movies just before the space aliens are going to appear, or in a psychological thriller, just as the nutcase is transforming into a psycho. Only in this film, the creepy music played on and on. That was it. No nuances, no alteration, no variance, no imagination. Just the same creepy atonal 'psycho' music all the time. The weird, atonal score by Gerald Busby was an annoyance throughout, often drowning out the dialog. It's the kind of creepy music that comes in most horror movies just before the space aliens are going to appear, or in a psychological thriller, just as the nutcase is transforming into a psycho. Only in this film, the creepy music played on and on. That was it. No nuances, no alteration, no variance, no imagination. Just the same creepy atonal 'psycho' music all the time. Duvall and Spacek did a good job but the writing and directing were abysmal. Lots of shots where the camera stays on the actor for a loooong time, and dream-like sequences, conveying... mystery? suspense? drama what? Ah..I got it, they convey CONFUSION! That's it! The writer/director was confused!Duvall and Spacek did a good job but the writing and directing were abysmal. Lots of shots where the camera stays on the actor for a loooong time, and dream-like sequences, conveying... mystery? suspense? drama what? Ah..I got it, they convey CONFUSION! That's it! The writer/director was confused!A waste of talent, and a waste of my time watching it. It is one of those films I watched thinking it HAD to get better. It didn't.
 This was a wishy washy attempt at the truth. The facts are there in parts and pieces, but it was not really put together well. Some of the choices of material are questionable as being truly valuable to the topic. This DVD had an agenda and is not unbiased, and I think it failed at it's overall agenda. There is more than enough information pre-9/11 and post-9/11 to put together something more worthy and accurate than this DVD has attempted to do. If this is the best contrasting evidence to the bush administration that can be produced after all that has happened in the white house and beyond, we are truly in trouble. The truth is out there, and I think this DVD tripped over them and kept walking without looking down and gathering all the facts together. There were plenty of important facts and things said worth listening to on this DVD, but this DVD is maybe worth a glance, but not a long hard look.
 This man is like Michael Bay.  Using high speed action sequences and terrible casting and script writing, the fact that Chris Tucker appears in this and almost every movie that the man makes signals a trend to do these as not so much movies as they are music video comedys only it's patheic and not funny, and that is also why the man who is now making X-Men 3 will cause that movie franchise to die a quick death at the movies.  The man is a joke
 This movie is an insult to merely bad comedies. Gee, another movie with a fast-talking, potty-mouthed, black guy (hello Eddie Murphy) who, because it's perfectly fine in ultra-lib, pc Hollyweird, calls Charlie Sheen (and everyone else who is not Black) a host of nasty, racially-oriented names. The movie is a mess. Let's see. The protagonist (Tucker) plays a con men who after being falsely suspected of being a cop-killer, is chased around  by cops and the bad guys. The McGuffin is a sack of diamonds. Sheen is supposed to be a co-star, but like most of his other movies, he sleepwalks through it. Clearly this movie is meant to be a vehicle for Tucker. The sceenwriters were obviously making it up as they went along. First "screenwriter":" Hey Bob, what will we have Tucker do next? Hey I know, let's have a car chase and have him call some people some names" Second "screenwriter" "Hey, great idea Fred, I sure don't have any ideas".  Apparently there are many people who think this guy is funny even though the movie is a rip-off of Murphy the Trickster flicks. Basically the plot is Tucker runs around dodging bullets and calling everyone a name. If that's your idea of humor, I pity you. 
 This movie is so freakin stupid. Yes its funny...but so very dumb. Not good dumb; bad dumb. Terribly, painfully stupid. Funny at times. Best avoided or taken in small doses
 I have only one question about this movie. And that is, Why in the world did they change so many things that were in the book? I have only one question about this movie. And that is, Why in the world did they change so many things that were in the book? If you haven't read the book than you don't know what I'm talking about. But if you have, then you do.If you haven't read the book than you don't know what I'm talking about. But if you have, then you do.I can't even begin to explain how good of a movie this would've been if it had been adapted correctly. Half the time while watching this, I felt as if I was watching Teletubies or something, the colors were so bright.I can't even begin to explain how good of a movie this would've been if it had been adapted correctly. Half the time while watching this, I felt as if I was watching Teletubies or something, the colors were so bright.If this movie had been placed in the correct time period with correct costumes, locations, characters, and details from the story,then EVERYONE would love it. Not just 5 year olds. If this movie had been placed in the correct time period with correct costumes, locations, characters, and details from the story,then EVERYONE would love it. Not just 5 year olds. It makes me so angry when I watch this movie. Yes, its funny and charming but it is so embarrassing. Everytime I loan someone the book, I have to explain to them that it is nothing like the movie at all. In fact, it is a hundred times better. More even. It makes me so angry when I watch this movie. Yes, its funny and charming but it is so embarrassing. Everytime I loan someone the book, I have to explain to them that it is nothing like the movie at all. In fact, it is a hundred times better. More even. I am really disappointed. I just don't get how Gail Carson Levine would agree to all the changes that were made. If someone ever gets the courage to adapt the book into another movie, than I suggest they do it right. And if they do, then I'll be very thankful.I am really disappointed. I just don't get how Gail Carson Levine would agree to all the changes that were made. If someone ever gets the courage to adapt the book into another movie, than I suggest they do it right. And if they do, then I'll be very thankful.I just don't get it. The book is soooooooooooooooooooooooooo much better. You wouldn't believe how much better it is. I just don't get it. The book is soooooooooooooooooooooooooo much better. You wouldn't believe how much better it is. I am truely ashamed that this movie is even related in any way to the book. Next time, please, please, do it right
 First of all, 1 hour worth of workouts is not sufficient for 20 bucks.  Second of all, I missed the section that explained the requirement of a workout bench and dumbells to do most everything in the video so that was a pain.  Also, regardless of the fact that one girl does a beginners version of the excercises, it is still moderately difficult
 Saw this as an inflight movie. Boy, did I pray for engine trouble, so we'd have to land and I could get away! Sucks or what? I liked Smith in 'I, robot', 'Independence day', etc, but this was awful. It's a one-joke movie. Problem is, the one joke was the one plastered all over the TV spots and trailers (the jet ski incident). The highlights involved the subplot of him teaching a guy to be cool - wish that'd been the main storyline instead - far, far superior! Will not be adding this to my wishlist
 i cannot get thru this one.  i started fast-forwarding but there didn't appear to have any good spots.  when i saw that christian cammpbell was in this, i thought, this has to be good.  i had just finished a movie where he starred.  can't remember the name of it.  i guess a person should never buy a movie because of who stars in it.  tori spelling is well known, but not to me.  someone should have put her out of her misery right from the start.  she does not play a flake very well, and i don't know what to call her except a flake.  i stopped this dvd in about the first 1/2 hour and will go back and give it another shot, but with tori spelling as one of the leads, i already know this one does not have a prayer.  i would say; save your money on this one unless you are under 13.  i have a ton of straight and gay movies that tell a story and a couple or few that don't.  this one falls into this category. one that came with this one was "the broken hearts club" and while not my cup of tea it was far superior to this piece of garbage.  
 The Fridays gang steals some diamonds.  Mike Epps is not Chris Tucker no matter how hard he tries to be.  His constant whinning is enough to ride my last nerve.  Plus, everything about the movie is just campy and just wholly unbelieveable that I don't know where to begin.  Whatever you do don't buy or rent this garbage-wait to catch it on TBS or something
 Wow.  It's rare I consider a movie absolutely horrendous, but this one qualifies.  We are given absolutely no reason whatsoever to care for this guy, and halfway through this tedious excuse for a movie, I found myself yelling "DIE already".  When he doesn't kill himself in the end, all I wanted to do was shove him face down in the ocean and drown him.  A dumb stupid awful "indie" movie that is a waste of film, time and effort
 im a huge fan of writer Sean Mcginly, his classics include Venomous starring Treat williams and Sonic Impact with Ice-T.  Mcginly's films are the topic of discussion at film schools all across the world, he is a renowned talent and i have to say that i was appalled when i saw his latest film Two Days.  i think he should stick to writing as the film was virtually without direction and the cast (which included hacks like Paul Rudd) was not in the same league as superstars Traci Bingham and Ice-T who have graced some of his previous work.  Please Sean, stick to doing what you know best and stay away from the intellectual stuff, leave that to idiots like Capra, Wenders, Scorcese etc.  They are not in your league.
 I rented this on a whim and it brought back a lot of memories from my 1970s days in elementary school.  This video made its rounds in the public schools.  The songs are catchy and the film quality is good.  I rented this on a whim and it brought back a lot of memories from my 1970s days in elementary school.  This video made its rounds in the public schools.  The songs are catchy and the film quality is good.  But make no mistake, this is propaganda aimed at children.  I will not be showing it to my kids.But make no mistake, this is propaganda aimed at children.  I will not be showing it to my kids.Despite the freewheeling title, the message is that girls will find happiness only if they mimic boys.  Despite the freewheeling title, the message is that girls will find happiness only if they mimic boys.  Case in point:  Atalanta, a princess, finds happiness when she competes with men in a footrace and when she rejects marriage so she can travel the world (on her father's horse).  She also designs and fabricates rocketships in her spare time.Case in point:  Atalanta, a princess, finds happiness when she competes with men in a footrace and when she rejects marriage so she can travel the world (on her father's horse).  She also designs and fabricates rocketships in her spare time.Juxtapose that story with another cartoon where a femine girl in a pink dress and curls is devoured by tigers when she follows the custom of "ladies first."  The tigers abide her request and throw her into a boiling cauldron.  The narrator advises us that the boiling girl makes a very tasty meal.Juxtapose that story with another cartoon where a femine girl in a pink dress and curls is devoured by tigers when she follows the custom of "ladies first."  The tigers abide her request and throw her into a boiling cauldron.  The narrator advises us that the boiling girl makes a very tasty meal.Our "hosts", infant puppets voiced by Mel Brooks and Marlo Thomas, are revolting.  There should be a law against using Mel Brooks' voice for a baby.  Apparently, I repressed memories of these creatures, but seeing them again brought back the horror.  Needless to say, I fast forwarded through the disturbing puppetry.Our "hosts", infant puppets voiced by Mel Brooks and Marlo Thomas, are revolting.  There should be a law against using Mel Brooks' voice for a baby.  Apparently, I repressed memories of these creatures, but seeing them again brought back the horror.  Needless to say, I fast forwarded through the disturbing puppetry.Overall, this DVD is fun for thirtysomethings but should be kept away from children
 Saw the previews of the first movie, but I wasn't expecting too much from that. I tried to finish both the first and the second, but that didn't work out too well...I felt these films didn't deserved to be watched all the way to the end. I don't know how some of y'all were able to sit through this poor excuse of a movie, and that includes the first. All I really have to say is you if you like this movie or maybe a better version of it...Y'all should really consider watching Cops and those insane police chases shown on TV. After all this is just another episode of Cops with guest actors in it
 Can't remember when I've seen a film with more depraved and pathetic characters than this.   A has-been silent screen star who lives in a sinister dark house surrounded by a gzillion of her own photos and a weirdo butler essentially kidnap a holiday screen writer, down on his luck.  The writer wanders onto what appears to be deserted property, and hides his car trying to escape a Finance Co. The  threesome make the creepiest trio you could ever imagine.   In one early scene they have a funeral, casket and all, for a monkey.  Yuk.  Can't remember when I've seen a film with more depraved and pathetic characters than this.   A has-been silent screen star who lives in a sinister dark house surrounded by a gzillion of her own photos and a weirdo butler essentially kidnap a holiday screen writer, down on his luck.  The writer wanders onto what appears to be deserted property, and hides his car trying to escape a Finance Co. The  threesome make the creepiest trio you could ever imagine.   In one early scene they have a funeral, casket and all, for a monkey.  Yuk.  Gloria Swanson was directed to play a woman who still thinks she can make a come back by writing her own script, though she despises movies that "talk".   She waves her hands about, and makes strange corny expressions with her face in every scene. She falls for the screen writer, William Holden, and won't let him out of her sight.  The film was made in 1950, and Swanson is supposed to be playing a woman of only 50, not exacty over the hill (if we look at many of today's movie stars.)   But she's treated in the film as though she much, much older.  I thought she was supposed to be about 75 or so, but her age is mentioned towards the end of the film.  My heavens, at 50 she could still be in movies, and from the amount of money she apparently had, didn't need to be living in such a dark, creepy house.  Film didn't make sense.   Gloria Swanson was directed to play a woman who still thinks she can make a come back by writing her own script, though she despises movies that "talk".   She waves her hands about, and makes strange corny expressions with her face in every scene. She falls for the screen writer, William Holden, and won't let him out of her sight.  The film was made in 1950, and Swanson is supposed to be playing a woman of only 50, not exacty over the hill (if we look at many of today's movie stars.)   But she's treated in the film as though she much, much older.  I thought she was supposed to be about 75 or so, but her age is mentioned towards the end of the film.  My heavens, at 50 she could still be in movies, and from the amount of money she apparently had, didn't need to be living in such a dark, creepy house.  Film didn't make sense.   Sorry I bought it.  It was ridiculous.     
 I just opened a box with a Cesar Millan book and THIS DVD. Imagine my surprise. I don't like the pairing of this book with Cesar's stuff either! Now I have an extra errand and cost to ship back. If anything like this ever happens again, there are other sites to order from online. I don't want it to be too much work to browse and "study" the copy...I feel a bit cheated
 Director:  Gary FlederCast:  Michael Douglas, Sean Bean, Brittany Murphy, Skye McCole Bartusiask, Guy Torry, Jennifer Esposito, Shawn Doyle, Victor Argo, Conrad Goode, Paul Schulze, Lance Reddick, Famke Janssen.Running Time:  113 minutesRated R for violence, including some gruesome images, and language.Rated R for violence, including some gruesome images, and language.Every fall, Hollywood trots out their latest thrillers, attempting to cash in on the college crowd who wants to bring their dates to a dark theater and take advantage of the squeamishness of the content on the screen; there is a hidden connection in the biting of nails and the changing of the leaves, yet without fail every year there are enough thrillers to keep manicurists in business. Nothing sums up the quintessential fall thriller quite like "Don't Say A Word", a suspense romp as routine as they come.  Diverting enough to fool you into a good time, "Don't Say A Word" makes one wish for a leap in time to the holiday Oscar contenders already.  Dr. Nathan Conrad (Michael Douglas) is a successful psychiatrist with a beautiful wife (Famke Janssen) and a cherubic daughter. On Thanksgiving morning, a group of bad guys, lead by Patrick Koster (Sean Bean), break into Nathan's apartment and kidnap his daughter. What the men want is a jewel they lost 10 years earlier in a botched robbery that is being held in a secret place by Elisabeth Burrows (Brittany Murphy), a mentally unstable young girl rotting away in a hospital. Since Nathan seems to be the only medical professional she trusts, Patrick uses him as a pawn to recover the jewel. Nathan is soon at the mercy of the kidnappers, but as he gets deeper into Elisabeth's mind, he realizes the young girl could be helped after all.Every fall, Hollywood trots out their latest thrillers, attempting to cash in on the college crowd who wants to bring their dates to a dark theater and take advantage of the squeamishness of the content on the screen; there is a hidden connection in the biting of nails and the changing of the leaves, yet without fail every year there are enough thrillers to keep manicurists in business. Nothing sums up the quintessential fall thriller quite like "Don't Say A Word", a suspense romp as routine as they come.  Diverting enough to fool you into a good time, "Don't Say A Word" makes one wish for a leap in time to the holiday Oscar contenders already.  Dr. Nathan Conrad (Michael Douglas) is a successful psychiatrist with a beautiful wife (Famke Janssen) and a cherubic daughter. On Thanksgiving morning, a group of bad guys, lead by Patrick Koster (Sean Bean), break into Nathan's apartment and kidnap his daughter. What the men want is a jewel they lost 10 years earlier in a botched robbery that is being held in a secret place by Elisabeth Burrows (Brittany Murphy), a mentally unstable young girl rotting away in a hospital. Since Nathan seems to be the only medical professional she trusts, Patrick uses him as a pawn to recover the jewel. Nathan is soon at the mercy of the kidnappers, but as he gets deeper into Elisabeth's mind, he realizes the young girl could be helped after all.It's perfect casting to place Michael Douglas in the lead role, as no one could play yuppie paranoia quite like he can. Douglas has perfected this type of performance into an art form with his work in "Fatal Attraction" and "A Perfect Murder; Douglas is a little more subdued than normal in this film, as his aging seems to be wearing away his ability to play the hot, rich stud who gets in over his head. The film does contain many moments of pure distressed Douglas (his forte), with his hair glistening, teeth clenched and his eyes scanning the room, etc. Douglas, at least in the first act of the film, makes an attempt to carry the picture with his expected bag of tricks. Soon enough, director Gary Fleder places too much narrative nonsense on Douglas's shoulders, and the actor eventually just gives up and lets the genre's conventions take him to the safety of the end credits.  Director Gary Fleder is no stranger to the fall thriller game, having directed both "Kiss The Girls" and the rollicking "Things To Do In Denver When You're Dead." Not really an imaginative director, Fleder nevertheless can be counted on to get the job done. With "Don't Say A Word," Fleder isn't working with a particularly good script, so he falls back on what has worked for him before. This plan of attack from Fleder leaves the picture stale and overtly familiar. The film is not interested in adding new elements to the plot to keep things at least appearing fresh. The end result making "Don't Say A Word" more boring than exciting.It's perfect casting to place Michael Douglas in the lead role, as no one could play yuppie paranoia quite like he can. Douglas has perfected this type of performance into an art form with his work in "Fatal Attraction" and "A Perfect Murder; Douglas is a little more subdued than normal in this film, as his aging seems to be wearing away his ability to play the hot, rich stud who gets in over his head. The film does contain many moments of pure distressed Douglas (his forte), with his hair glistening, teeth clenched and his eyes scanning the room, etc. Douglas, at least in the first act of the film, makes an attempt to carry the picture with his expected bag of tricks. Soon enough, director Gary Fleder places too much narrative nonsense on Douglas's shoulders, and the actor eventually just gives up and lets the genre's conventions take him to the safety of the end credits.  Director Gary Fleder is no stranger to the fall thriller game, having directed both "Kiss The Girls" and the rollicking "Things To Do In Denver When You're Dead." Not really an imaginative director, Fleder nevertheless can be counted on to get the job done. With "Don't Say A Word," Fleder isn't working with a particularly good script, so he falls back on what has worked for him before. This plan of attack from Fleder leaves the picture stale and overtly familiar. The film is not interested in adding new elements to the plot to keep things at least appearing fresh. The end result making "Don't Say A Word" more boring than exciting.The thriller, which is set in New York City, uses the city and apartment locations well, creating a nice sense of claustrophobia. It is when the action suddenly leaves the confines of the city and moves to a cemetery in a nearby island that the picture loses quite a bit of tension and interest. Moving to an obviously-a-soundstage cemetery ruins the fun of seeing the character freak out in their narrow apartments and office spaces. The film must end with a clichd showdown, which is the reason for the move to a different location, but Fleder makes a big mistake taking the story away from the grip of the big bad city.  The one element that Fleder does get right is the casting of actress Brittany Murphy. A powderkeg of emotions, Murphy is the perfect choice to play the deranged Elisabeth. Murphy is a grand talent (where is her Emmy for her voice work as Luanne Platter on "King Of The Hill"?), and the only actress in Hollywood that truly achieves success as both a tormented patient and a cute, little princess ("Just Married", "Uptown Girls"). Unpredictable and bristling with untapped passions, Murphy makes a vivid impression in "Don't Say A Word."  You've seen this type of film before, and just because it's the time of year when apples taste the best doesn't make this barely alive thriller any more enjoyable. For fans of the genre, "Don't Say A Word" is another solid installment in the Michael Douglas versus New York crime saga. Just don't expect any surprises
 What is the deal. Cant Hollywood leave well enough alone. How many classic animated movies are they going to ruin with sequels? Let me think, their was Balto 2, Little Mermaid 2, Aladdin 2 and three, Secret of Nimh 2, Land before time 2,3,4,5,6,7 etc. enough already. Next thing you know they'll be making a Lion King 2, and a Buity and the Beast 2. O wait, they already did that didn't they. All the movies I have named were great originals but God awful sequels. ADGTH 2 is just as bad. If you loved the original, STAY AWAY FROM ITS SEQUAL.       
 This movie is one of cinema history's seminal examples of a soundtrack carrying a movie to success. "Saturday Night Fever" from a few years before is another example, but that movie could actually stand on its own. Jennifer Beales' torn neck sweater and table dancing routine aside, I don't think this one could.This movie is one of cinema history's seminal examples of a soundtrack carrying a movie to success. "Saturday Night Fever" from a few years before is another example, but that movie could actually stand on its own. Jennifer Beales' torn neck sweater and table dancing routine aside, I don't think this one could.I understand this movie is near and dear to the hearts of a lot of 80's children, and I will agree this is one of the all-time great soundtracks of cinema. The problem is, the movie's plot is a slow-moving, wasted opportunity.I understand this movie is near and dear to the hearts of a lot of 80's children, and I will agree this is one of the all-time great soundtracks of cinema. The problem is, the movie's plot is a slow-moving, wasted opportunity.Physically, Beales is sexy enough to keep your attention, and her portrayal of working-class girl in a man's job striving to express herself was a pretty novel idea when this movie was made. But her unsympathetic personality and mediocre acting undermine her character. Come to think of it, the acting all around is a bit weak.Physically, Beales is sexy enough to keep your attention, and her portrayal of working-class girl in a man's job striving to express herself was a pretty novel idea when this movie was made. But her unsympathetic personality and mediocre acting undermine her character. Come to think of it, the acting all around is a bit weak.But that's not the problem. The movie suffers from two fatal let-downs. The first is the plot itself. Feminism-affirming depictions aside, it's pretty simplistic, unimaginative stuff, even for a dance movie. What's worse is how slow it all moves. The drama sequences in-between dances drag on, straining your patience and sympathy for the character's plights.But that's not the problem. The movie suffers from two fatal let-downs. The first is the plot itself. Feminism-affirming depictions aside, it's pretty simplistic, unimaginative stuff, even for a dance movie. What's worse is how slow it all moves. The drama sequences in-between dances drag on, straining your patience and sympathy for the character's plights.The other more tragic flaw, since it is a movie about dance, is the cinematography. While it's certainly not the worst cinematography ever, (check out "the Limey" next time you want a headache.) the dance sequences look like they've been salvaged from scraps on the cutting room floor. We're supposed to be moved by Beales' character's natural talent, but for most of the movie we never get to see her do much except walk and pose in a crazy mashup of bad edits. By the time the final dance scene finally comes along, the drama of her audition performance is ruined by drawn-out, bad editing. It almost seems the judges let her into Juliard simply because she was able to stay in the air for longer than a minute.The other more tragic flaw, since it is a movie about dance, is the cinematography. While it's certainly not the worst cinematography ever, (check out "the Limey" next time you want a headache.) the dance sequences look like they've been salvaged from scraps on the cutting room floor. We're supposed to be moved by Beales' character's natural talent, but for most of the movie we never get to see her do much except walk and pose in a crazy mashup of bad edits. By the time the final dance scene finally comes along, the drama of her audition performance is ruined by drawn-out, bad editing. It almost seems the judges let her into Juliard simply because she was able to stay in the air for longer than a minute.Perhaps I'm a purist for asking for good dancing onscreen to consist of more than rapid-fire editing. But if it's a movie about dancing, one would think the least they could do is show dancing. Many movies before and after Flashdance managed to get this right ("Saturday Night Fever" certainly did, to its great success), but maybe nobody told this movie's director. It's a shame
 Believe it or not, I actually wanted to watch this movie.  I've seen almost everything else Adrian Lyne has done and respect his shallow talent enough to be interested in his early efforts.Believe it or not, I actually wanted to watch this movie.  I've seen almost everything else Adrian Lyne has done and respect his shallow talent enough to be interested in his early efforts.(I watched _Jacob's Ladder_ because I remembered an intriguing preview on a VHS cassette I watched as a kid and learning that it was a significant influence on _Silent Hill_ sealed the deal; My girlfriend owns a copy of Lyne's version of _Lolita_; _Fatal Attraction_ was a girlfriend induced rental; I watched the TV version of _Indecent Proposal_; I haven't seen _9 1/2 Weeks_ but I read the book.) (I watched _Jacob's Ladder_ because I remembered an intriguing preview on a VHS cassette I watched as a kid and learning that it was a significant influence on _Silent Hill_ sealed the deal; My girlfriend owns a copy of Lyne's version of _Lolita_; _Fatal Attraction_ was a girlfriend induced rental; I watched the TV version of _Indecent Proposal_; I haven't seen _9 1/2 Weeks_ but I read the book.) Flashdance is also one of those pieces of pop culture that are so influential that you recognize references even if you've never seen it.  And I always wanted to hear the song "Maniac" in its original context, so when I found it on an acquaintances shelf I popped it in.Flashdance is also one of those pieces of pop culture that are so influential that you recognize references even if you've never seen it.  And I always wanted to hear the song "Maniac" in its original context, so when I found it on an acquaintances shelf I popped it in.So, how was it?So, how was it?Not too bad.  Not great by any means, or even really that good (_Lolita_ and _Jacob's Ladder_ are both quite good) but interesting enough to keep me awake after a long day of work.  The plot is a by-the-book "believe in your dreams" story with really lame dialog, but its development is intercut with extended dancing sequences that are so long and frequent that at times it felt like I was watching an abstract silent film.  I don't know squat about dancing, but the choreography seemed innovative, at least for its time.Not too bad.  Not great by any means, or even really that good (_Lolita_ and _Jacob's Ladder_ are both quite good) but interesting enough to keep me awake after a long day of work.  The plot is a by-the-book "believe in your dreams" story with really lame dialog, but its development is intercut with extended dancing sequences that are so long and frequent that at times it felt like I was watching an abstract silent film.  I don't know squat about dancing, but the choreography seemed innovative, at least for its time.I can't even remember the names of the characters, but all in all, I have to admit that it was kind of neat.I can't even remember the names of the characters, but all in all, I have to admit that it was kind of neat.Also, if you watch it with the subsequent 20+ years of movies in mind, _Flashdance_ can be seen as sort of an omen of all bad things to come from Hollywood:  It's a movie by a director whose only previous experience was in music videos and commercials, one whose screenplay was an early effort by hack Joe Esterhasz and was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer!  Taken collectively these elements are probably responsible for about 60% of all crap movies made since
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The characters are unlikeable except for Charity's two friends. The songs are far too long and I had to fast forward through most of them because they were so dull. I was especially disappointed with Big Spender because I love the song and expected a spectacular dance number from Bob Fosse and all they did was stand there draped over the bar. The only redeeming factor was that Sammy Davis Jr. was in it. He's awesome even though the song was fairly stupid. This was my first Shirley MacLaine film and on the back it said that Sweet Charity was her best movie. I have no desire to see her other movies then
 This is a remake of An Affair to Remember with Cary Grant and Deborah and it does not work. Some movies just should not be remade. The ONLY thing good about this movie is Katharine Hepburn's appearance. Get the original
 First of all, I am a Joy Division and New Order fan; therefore, I tried to like this.  Really, I did.  First of all, I am a Joy Division and New Order fan; therefore, I tried to like this.  Really, I did.  Sadly, this film stinks.  The focus is not on the bands themselves, but on the obnoxious character known as Tony Wilson.  What a monster!  Either it was the actor's depiction or he does truly have a horrid personality in real life.  Sadly, this film stinks.  The focus is not on the bands themselves, but on the obnoxious character known as Tony Wilson.  What a monster!  Either it was the actor's depiction or he does truly have a horrid personality in real life.  Maybe I'm not British, but I did not find 24 Hour Party People to be very funny.  Only a few scenes made me grin.  The randomness added very little to the overall quality of the film. Maybe I'm not British, but I did not find 24 Hour Party People to be very funny.  Only a few scenes made me grin.  The randomness added very little to the overall quality of the film. In addition, the camera work was very jerky.  Looked like it was done by a novice (and yes, I'm one myself, having made two movies)In addition, the camera work was very jerky.  Looked like it was done by a novice (and yes, I'm one myself, having made two movies)The only redeeming aspect has to be the scenes with Joy Division.  Too bad the members of this band are minor characters.  I can only hope that the biopic of Ian Curtis currently in production will be much, much better
 Talentless people and garbage music  torture you in this turkey-in no time flat,you'll be driven to pure insanity as you run screaming "MAKE IT STOP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" out into the yard.Do not spend money on this product unless you want to wind up beating your head against the wall and babbling nonsense
 Man! this movie is soooooo boring. I literally slept through this movie. If I die not having watched it again ill be happy.   i dont even know what its about cuz i watched it when i was like 5 yrs. old, but i dont care cuz just thinkin bout it makes me wanna cr
 Incredible does describe this movie- incredibly bad! This movie doesn't know what it wants to be. At times one can see attempts to recreate and milk the genuine rage and drama of "Mississippi Burning" or the anger and impunity of "Ghosts of Mississippi", or a hybrid of those and bits and pieces of other movies of this genre. At other times it looks like its just trying to draw from the sex appeal and cheesy interaction of 2 of its main actors, Matthew McConaughey and Sandra Bullock. As a result this movie picks up the rear in that genre's list of movies for lack of originality, and the scattered hodge podge statements it tries to make. Some of my favorite actors are wasted, either by being given cliched dialogue, over acting, or being put there merely for their brand name with no script to support their presence. If this script is considered a great adaptation of a great book, then I have no interest in reading the book. I'm sure the idea and the premise looked good on paper. But the direction doesn't guide the story with any coherence or identity of its own.  Bullock is mere cheesecake and is unbelievable in her role, proving she's only worthy of b-grade "Miss Congeniality" type crud.  McConaughey over acts so much (as can be said for Keifer Sutherland and others) that it can be said he balances out the under acting of Patrick McGoohan, Kevin Spacey and Donald Sutherland. Samuel L. Jackson should be ashamed of himself of not only his worst performance ever, but also easily his worst choice of movies to participate in.  Even the extras in this movie are horrible. Enough can't be said about the terrible direction in this movie, equating elongated facial shots with drama to a fault, making Sergio Leone westerns look much more authentic by comparison. This is not "a powerful film." It's a powerful attempt at using a big name cast, a brand name book and a capable director to use material that they know would easily jerk the emotions of its audience, and in doing that they resort to all the cliches of this genre scattering the story line in so many directions, culminating in an over the top, pleading hunk of cheese summation scene by McConaughey that wouldn't hold water in any real court of justice. Maybe people claim greatness to this movie out of guilt, or because they haven't seen quality comparisons and classics like "Mississippis Burning," that has both a great script and fabulous acting. I don't know. All I know is it tugs from so many hokey directions it takes the final scene to remind everyone how it started. Among the top of my most over rated movies
 I went into this movie thinking it would be great to see a film set in the turbulent but interesting history of first settlements in the far north of Northern America. Having only really seen Pocahontas through the eyes of Disney, I felt this would be a good chance to see something more significant and engaging on one of histories more interesting events.I went into this movie thinking it would be great to see a film set in the turbulent but interesting history of first settlements in the far north of Northern America. Having only really seen Pocahontas through the eyes of Disney, I felt this would be a good chance to see something more significant and engaging on one of histories more interesting events.Like other reviewers, I found the photography and the scenery to be simply stunning. Visually, the film wows the viewer. The scenes simply amaze with their beauty, the sets with their majesty and also rustic simplicity. Coupled with the musical score, this was some of the best camera work I have seen in a long time. This was, in my opinion, the sole redeeming feature of the film.Like other reviewers, I found the photography and the scenery to be simply stunning. Visually, the film wows the viewer. The scenes simply amaze with their beauty, the sets with their majesty and also rustic simplicity. Coupled with the musical score, this was some of the best camera work I have seen in a long time. This was, in my opinion, the sole redeeming feature of the film.While the filme attempted to contemplate serious and deep issues of love, allegiance and so on, it succeeded in only boring the tears out this viewer with the monotonous monologues of the characters done as long lengths of naration. In one part, the plot lost some continuity and needed reviewing to get to grips with what had happened.While the filme attempted to contemplate serious and deep issues of love, allegiance and so on, it succeeded in only boring the tears out this viewer with the monotonous monologues of the characters done as long lengths of naration. In one part, the plot lost some continuity and needed reviewing to get to grips with what had happened.For actors of the calibre of Colin Farrell and Christian Bale, this film did not show them at their best. Certainly not the worst I have seen by any stretch, but definitely not the best I have seen from either one of these actors.For actors of the calibre of Colin Farrell and Christian Bale, this film did not show them at their best. Certainly not the worst I have seen by any stretch, but definitely not the best I have seen from either one of these actors.Tread with caution on this one, and hire it before you buy it. I am glad I did not spend good money purchasing it. Quite frankly, it is a great cure for insomnia
 The New World is the least of Terrence Malick's limited filmography to date, and could be best described as a monotone poem. It's not exactly bad, just mundane and rather forgettable even while you're watching it, more of a self-indulgence than a genuine attempt to communicate with an audience. Visually it often seems surprisingly flat and uninspired, while the script comprises of far too many trite voice over questions s-p-o-k-e-n v-e-r-y s-l-o-w-l-y i-n h-u-s-h-e-d t-o-n-e-s against selections from his classical music collection, which doesn't magically render them profound but simply makes the film evenly paced to the point where nothing can stand out: even the battle sequence takes time out for more musings. Another big problem is the miscasting of the inexplicably prolific Colin Farrell, a nice enough lad offscreen I'm sure but an extraordinarily limited actor who just cannot carry a picture no matter how many chances he's given. True to form he trots out his two `important picture' expressions - the Bambi-caught-in-the-headlights-of-an-oncoming-car one and the one he thinks looks serious but simply makes him look like he's not been getting enough roughage in his diet. The fact that he's outshone by Q'orianka Kilcher in her first speaking part speaks volumes of his inadequacy, although to be fair he has been worse. Indeed, among the male leads Christian Bale does much, much more with much, much less in the last third of the film, as does a typically underused Christopher Plummer in the first third. The New World is the least of Terrence Malick's limited filmography to date, and could be best described as a monotone poem. It's not exactly bad, just mundane and rather forgettable even while you're watching it, more of a self-indulgence than a genuine attempt to communicate with an audience. Visually it often seems surprisingly flat and uninspired, while the script comprises of far too many trite voice over questions s-p-o-k-e-n v-e-r-y s-l-o-w-l-y i-n h-u-s-h-e-d t-o-n-e-s against selections from his classical music collection, which doesn't magically render them profound but simply makes the film evenly paced to the point where nothing can stand out: even the battle sequence takes time out for more musings. Another big problem is the miscasting of the inexplicably prolific Colin Farrell, a nice enough lad offscreen I'm sure but an extraordinarily limited actor who just cannot carry a picture no matter how many chances he's given. True to form he trots out his two `important picture' expressions - the Bambi-caught-in-the-headlights-of-an-oncoming-car one and the one he thinks looks serious but simply makes him look like he's not been getting enough roughage in his diet. The fact that he's outshone by Q'orianka Kilcher in her first speaking part speaks volumes of his inadequacy, although to be fair he has been worse. Indeed, among the male leads Christian Bale does much, much more with much, much less in the last third of the film, as does a typically underused Christopher Plummer in the first third. Malick is very good at the madness and mutiny that infects the deluded settlers of Jamestown, but because it happens to people we've barely been introduced to it carries no emotional or dramatic weight. If anything, it just made me think of how much more Herzog could have made of it all. Moments work, most notably the expulsion of the `Naturals' from their land and the brief latter sequences in England, but on the evidence of the 135-minute version I very much doubt Malick's promised longer cut will solve the problems. I know it's meant to be a work of art, but I just came away with the feeling that I'd watched an old and very average Universal International 50s Western redubbed by first-year philosophy students. The only surprise was that Jeff Chandler and his bouncing Basques didn't crop up.
 me and my partner are both real open minded people who enjoy a huge range of films. And we do really like The Thin Red Line. But this was a real boring piece of film making.....The whole film was just one huge poetry reading and I prefer to read poetry from a book.....It just doesn't goe anywhere and we found the love scenes even worse than those directed by George Lucas.Even the battle scenes were just poetry readings..........Watch Thin Red Line instead if you are interested in this director's work...That film is a masterpiece....This isn't
 This movie is quite possibly the biggest waste of Christian Bale and Colin Farrell to date.  It was boring, overblown and incessantly long.  It's one of those movies where you keep hoping it will get better, but it never does - and then it just ends.  Don't waste the time or the money
 Off-hand, I can't think of a worse movie. (And I think Nicolas Cage has done some truly awesome work in other films--hey, he's making a buck, here.) That's all. 1/32 star, if possible
 I never received product as they never shipped it. Amazon sent me an email stating that they couldn't complete my order as it was "non-deliverable".. Not sure what that means if every other item I purchase is "deliverable"
 This is an extremely dry anime.  The manga version by Masamune Shirow is filled with bits of humor.  Not so for the anime.  The character Batou was especially funny in the manga, but, for reasons unknown, he is the driest character in the already humorless anime version.Expect long scenes filled with monotonous talking.  These really make the movie crawl.  One minute there's action, next you're listening to Matoko or Batou go on and on about existentialism.  Seriously, these little talks, take up 3/4 of the movie.The visuals are awesome, no question about that.  Even so, they do not fulfill the need for SOME kind of thread of a story.  Altogether, not much actually, HAPPENS during the movie.If you must see it, rent it first to be sure you want it
 Before I review, I'd like to clear something up: I am a very latecomer in seeing this movie. I was introduced to the Ghost in the Shell franchise through the new Anime series airing on Adult Swim, Ghost in the Shell: Standalone Complex. I absolutely love that show, and so I figured eventually I'd have to get around to seeing the movie, which I knew full well shares no connection with the show. They're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name, (which I have not read, so I don't know which is more accurate) but the TV series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way.Before I review, I'd like to clear something up: I am a very latecomer in seeing this movie. I was introduced to the Ghost in the Shell franchise through the new Anime series airing on Adult Swim, Ghost in the Shell: Standalone Complex. I absolutely love that show, and so I figured eventually I'd have to get around to seeing the movie, which I knew full well shares no connection with the show. They're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name, (which I have not read, so I don't know which is more accurate) but the TV series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way.There are many things I don't like about this movie, the biggest being poor pacing. The plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler, but that's the biggest problem. There's not really enough story to last a full-length feature, because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a 30 minute short. And since they didn't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes (there are barely any, and they aren't very impressive for the most part) they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you won't understand more than 60% of, and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we're looking at either nothing, or a woman's nipples. That's not cinematic artistry, that's being either lazy or perverted.There are many things I don't like about this movie, the biggest being poor pacing. The plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler, but that's the biggest problem. There's not really enough story to last a full-length feature, because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a 30 minute short. And since they didn't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes (there are barely any, and they aren't very impressive for the most part) they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you won't understand more than 60% of, and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we're looking at either nothing, or a woman's nipples. That's not cinematic artistry, that's being either lazy or perverted.The animation itself isn't even that good, especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only 10 years ago. It's choppy, and there's not really a whole lot of detail (except when it comes to women's nipples). Looking at just the animation, if I didn't know better, I'd have thought this movie was an OVA from the 1980's.The animation itself isn't even that good, especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only 10 years ago. It's choppy, and there's not really a whole lot of detail (except when it comes to women's nipples). Looking at just the animation, if I didn't know better, I'd have thought this movie was an OVA from the 1980's.The only thing I can really say I liked about this movie was that it was Ghost in the Shell. It's probably kind of like how I didn't see the 1989 Batman movie until years after I'd been spoiled by Batman the Animated Series, and couldn't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was Batman. Everything about the TV series is superior to this movie: the animation, the stories, the character developement, the production values... I could go on for an entire page about how much better the TV series is.The only thing I can really say I liked about this movie was that it was Ghost in the Shell. It's probably kind of like how I didn't see the 1989 Batman movie until years after I'd been spoiled by Batman the Animated Series, and couldn't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was Batman. Everything about the TV series is superior to this movie: the animation, the stories, the character developement, the production values... I could go on for an entire page about how much better the TV series is.In short, if you're you're at all interested in the GITS franchise, do yourself a favor and rent the DVDs of the TV show instead. You'll find a lot to love, but I can't say the same about the movie. My dream is that someday Alex Proyas will give us a GITS movie that lives up to what I would hope for after watching Standalone Complex
 It's hard for me to believe that so many people think this is a brilliant and startling film.  How could you not know that eating so much fast food is unhealthy?   If this film is considered groundbreaking then I fear for our Republic
 Am I the only one who found the basic workout difficult? The pace was too quick for me to get the right technique in the poses and even though I have done this workout several times now, my back almost always is very painful for at least 24 hours afterward. I have found that, apart from a few exercises, the intermediate workout is easier
 I will not watch the movie "Andersonville" until they make a movie called "Elmira"(the camp in Elmira, N.Y., the worst of the Union prison camps had 35% death rate)
   I gave this movie 1 star because it is not a true documentary.  It falls more along the same fodder as "Spinal Tap".  It is missing a counter point from GM.  One could argue that Roger had chances to talk with Moore, but choose not to.  One the other hand, Rogers missing interview is what gave the movie such an emotional hold.  I believe that Moore counted on not being granted air time at GM for the production of this film.  An interview would have killed the tone.  Watch the nightly news NOW.  Last night, March 22nd 2006, GM offered a one time buy out to some of it's employees.  The news reported that GM cannot afford to maintain its relationship with the UAW (Just like what caused the Flint situation in the film).  This same thing happened in the late 1980's and brought forth this extremely biased movie.  This film is entertaining in a strange way, but should not be considered to be the absolute truth.  Watch it with a grain of salt.For what it's worth,Under close examination,Careful consideration andKeen intellect, you will see a undercover messageYou might need to examine closely the content.Outwardly, things are not what they seemUntil you look more closely.Many times the basic concept isMisread in the dialogOnce you see this, andOpen your mind to it,Rational thought willEmerge
 Therese, Lux, Mary, Bonnie and Cecilia make up the five Lisbon girls, ages 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17. Cecilia, the youngest, lives in her sisters shadows because they are all older and of much more interest to their male neighbors. As a cry for help, she slits her wrists and lays down in the bathtub, she survived the incident. After a psychiatrist highly impresses upon the strict Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon that it would be benificial for Cecilia to be exposed to environments which have boys her own age, Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon decide to allow the girls to throw the one and only Lisbon party. Some of the neighborhood's boys are invited over and while the party is in session, Cecilia is pretty inanimate, sitting on the couch while her sisters flirt, talk and laugh. Midway through the party, Cecilia asks to be excused and Mrs. Lisbon - though somewhat reluctantly - allows it. Cecilia goes up to her room (on the second floor of a two-story house) and jumps out the window, landing on the spiked fence on the front lawn of the Lisbon house. In this way, Cecilia Lisbon commited suicide. Only four girls remain.Therese, Lux, Mary, Bonnie and Cecilia make up the five Lisbon girls, ages 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17. Cecilia, the youngest, lives in her sisters shadows because they are all older and of much more interest to their male neighbors. As a cry for help, she slits her wrists and lays down in the bathtub, she survived the incident. After a psychiatrist highly impresses upon the strict Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon that it would be benificial for Cecilia to be exposed to environments which have boys her own age, Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon decide to allow the girls to throw the one and only Lisbon party. Some of the neighborhood's boys are invited over and while the party is in session, Cecilia is pretty inanimate, sitting on the couch while her sisters flirt, talk and laugh. Midway through the party, Cecilia asks to be excused and Mrs. Lisbon - though somewhat reluctantly - allows it. Cecilia goes up to her room (on the second floor of a two-story house) and jumps out the window, landing on the spiked fence on the front lawn of the Lisbon house. In this way, Cecilia Lisbon commited suicide. Only four girls remain.The act which Cecilia committed did not go at all unnoticed. The father saw her immediately, the party ended there and all of the boys went home rather glum. Four of the Lisbon's neighbors, four young boys, suffered a rapidly growing obsession with the Lisbon girls, who were beautiful and a total mystery to the outside world. They got hold of Cecilia's diary and tried to explain why she committed suicide. The eldest decided Cecilia was a dreamer, and she did not think she would fall when she jumped out her window, she thought she would fly.The act which Cecilia committed did not go at all unnoticed. The father saw her immediately, the party ended there and all of the boys went home rather glum. Four of the Lisbon's neighbors, four young boys, suffered a rapidly growing obsession with the Lisbon girls, who were beautiful and a total mystery to the outside world. They got hold of Cecilia's diary and tried to explain why she committed suicide. The eldest decided Cecilia was a dreamer, and she did not think she would fall when she jumped out her window, she thought she would fly.With their youngest sister gone, the remaining Lisbon girls grow closer to each other, stranding themselves further from the outside world. When school starts again, they attempt to go on acting as if nothing happened, not ever mentioning their youngest sister. The run-of-the-mill awkward act is taken part by the rest of the school however. The usual profuse apology to the mention of the word "death" and the like.With their youngest sister gone, the remaining Lisbon girls grow closer to each other, stranding themselves further from the outside world. When school starts again, they attempt to go on acting as if nothing happened, not ever mentioning their youngest sister. The run-of-the-mill awkward act is taken part by the rest of the school however. The usual profuse apology to the mention of the word "death" and the like.Trip Fontaine is the most popular guy in school, the object of desire to all of the girls at school... Except for the Lisbon girls, which is of no importance to Trip until he sets eyes on Lux. Trip cannot help but be enchanted by her flawless beauty. In the beginning, he is unsuccessful in his quest to even catch her attention for she bluntly shows she's not interested. But after his consistent courtship, Lux falls for his charming ways. Trip then attempts to convince Mr. Lisbon to let him and three of his football team pals take the Lisbon daughters to Homecoming. After Mr. Lisbon talks to his wife, he agrees to Trip's request, knowing nothing but Trip's sincerity and claimed honorable intentions, on the understanding that Trip have all of the Lisbon girls returned to the house by curfew.Trip Fontaine is the most popular guy in school, the object of desire to all of the girls at school... Except for the Lisbon girls, which is of no importance to Trip until he sets eyes on Lux. Trip cannot help but be enchanted by her flawless beauty. In the beginning, he is unsuccessful in his quest to even catch her attention for she bluntly shows she's not interested. But after his consistent courtship, Lux falls for his charming ways. Trip then attempts to convince Mr. Lisbon to let him and three of his football team pals take the Lisbon daughters to Homecoming. After Mr. Lisbon talks to his wife, he agrees to Trip's request, knowing nothing but Trip's sincerity and claimed honorable intentions, on the understanding that Trip have all of the Lisbon girls returned to the house by curfew.After Trip explains the situation to his football peers, he gives in to those who bribe him the most handsomely. Meanwhile, the Lisbon girls are picking out fabric for the dresses they shall wear to the Homecoming Dance. Though one pattern is used for all four dresses, each dress looks unique when concentrating on detail. Once they pick up the girls, they stop midway to the Homecoming in order to smoke, Lux being the only girl volunteering to smoke.They then drive to the dance. Trip and Lux sneak away and sneak swallows of alcohol. Another one of the Lisbon sisters and her date follow, but leave soon afterwards, not being as wild nor daring as Trip and Lux. At the time they all decided to meet back at the car so they could make the girls curfew, they are all there... Except for Trip and Lux, who at that time were alone in the middle of the football stadium field. Deciding they must make their own curfews, Therese, Bonnie, Mary and their dates leave without them. After fooling around, the intoxicated Trip and Lux fall asleep in the middle of the football stadium. Trip awakens in the middle of the night and leaves Lux there alone. When Lux wakes up early the next morning she is confused as to why Trip is not there. She takes a taxi home and her parents were worried sick (of course). But they take measures as far as pulling the girls out of school and stranding them inside the Lisbon residence.They then drive to the dance. Trip and Lux sneak away and sneak swallows of alcohol. Another one of the Lisbon sisters and her date follow, but leave soon afterwards, not being as wild nor daring as Trip and Lux. At the time they all decided to meet back at the car so they could make the girls curfew, they are all there... Except for Trip and Lux, who at that time were alone in the middle of the football stadium field. Deciding they must make their own curfews, Therese, Bonnie, Mary and their dates leave without them. After fooling around, the intoxicated Trip and Lux fall asleep in the middle of the football stadium. Trip awakens in the middle of the night and leaves Lux there alone. When Lux wakes up early the next morning she is confused as to why Trip is not there. She takes a taxi home and her parents were worried sick (of course). But they take measures as far as pulling the girls out of school and stranding them inside the Lisbon residence.The girls, in a desperate attempt to hold onto a connection to the outside world, begin using morse code to interact with the four boys who so closely follow their lives. One of which boys lived across the street and the rest which came over daily after this in order to contact the girls. Soon following, the boys begin talking to the Lisbon girls via phone. One day, the girls invite the boys to come over once Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon are asleep. The plan being that the boys were to drive the girls somewhere, the boys hastily agree. They sneak over and Lux invites them to wait inside for her sisters and Lux goes to wait in the car. The boys wander down to the basement while waiting for Therese, Bonnie and Mary, verbally expressing their hopes for the night. But then they realize they have stumbled upon one of the sisters. She had hung herself. The boys, scared to death, run all the way home. Time passed, things changed, girls came and went... But no matter what, those four boys NEVER forgot the Lisbon suicides.The girls, in a desperate attempt to hold onto a connection to the outside world, begin using morse code to interact with the four boys who so closely follow their lives. One of which boys lived across the street and the rest which came over daily after this in order to contact the girls. Soon following, the boys begin talking to the Lisbon girls via phone. One day, the girls invite the boys to come over once Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon are asleep. The plan being that the boys were to drive the girls somewhere, the boys hastily agree. They sneak over and Lux invites them to wait inside for her sisters and Lux goes to wait in the car. The boys wander down to the basement while waiting for Therese, Bonnie and Mary, verbally expressing their hopes for the night. But then they realize they have stumbled upon one of the sisters. She had hung herself. The boys, scared to death, run all the way home. Time passed, things changed, girls came and went... But no matter what, those four boys NEVER forgot the Lisbon suicides.Ultimately, the movie was nothing short of queer. When trying to sum up the story in a few lines (such as "Follow the lives of the Lisbon sisters and how they connect to their neighbors. A story full of obsession, gossip, lust, love, desire and isolation.") the story sounds quite unique and intriguing, but the story fell short of that for me personally. Partly because the Lisbon sisters really committed suicide for a reason not much deeper than isolation. The movie, in places, is also extremely flawed. I do not believe Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon could've removed their daughters from school for so long without their daughters being taken from them by social services. In many parts of the movie, they should've used upbeat music to fill the deafening silences. The whole movie was filmed in a style that I can truthfully say makes me rather bored. I would only suggest this film to, perhaps, people who like movies such as "Elizabethtown" which Kirsten Dunst is also in. But I personally disliked this movie which was not very tasteful and will not be watching it again in the future
      Stellar performances by all actors and actresses involved in this movie are ruined by the sheer ignorance of the topic. Not one single "fact" about guns contained in this movie was true and at the end of the film I had nothing but an overwhelming feeling that the bad guys had clearly won. What a crock
 For that matter it can be written for any party candidate that wants the truth of his/her dirty secrets covered up. I feel that it's the most insulting film to be released. It hides the fact that we as citizens, and our government don't really care about who we stick in office. If the party lines up with what we believe in screw the fact he had to cover something up. I can't fathom why we continue to fall for this all the time, and believe me I don't feel it's right to air it all over the news either. I feel that it comes down to the man, and if he does have the values his/her party believes in then he will do the honorable thing, and own up to his/her mistake. This movie is just another nail to drive into the justification that it's alright to cover things up, and there are no absolutes, or rights or wrongs. Wht happens when we tick off the wrong person who's rich? Do we wait until then to change the moral? That's Pathetic, and so is this movie
 I got this video thinking it would be like the baby faith videos with fun and creative elements for learning development. My baby watched about two mintues and was gone. I think this is pitched as a baby video but it's really more geared toward older children. None of the elements have anything to do with the music, making is virtually useless as a learning development product. I give it a big "thumbs down". Try any one of the baby faith products like God Made Me, God Made Music and God Made Animals. They're awesome!
 Who's idea was it to put Jessica Alba as Sue Storm?  Chris Evans's portrayal of Johnny Storm was somewhat disappointing too, although not as bad as Jessica Alba's portrayal of Sue Storm.  Why do they cast Hollywood big names in these movies just for the sake of having big celebrities in these movies?  They really need to cast people who actually fit the roles and have talent for portraying the characters.  This movie was somewhat good, but it didn't feel all that great.  So far, this movie is just another of Marvel's somewhat disappointing movies along the lines of Elektra, The Incredible Hulk, Xmen 3, Daredevil, and The Punisher.  I was so happy to see Marvel characters getting their own movies, but after seeing what Hollywood does to them, I would rather see Marvel's chracters go back into hiding.  Special effects were good in this movie, and so was the story.  Michael Chiklis as the Thing was great, and his The Thing character makeup was done very well, and he played the character well too, as did Ioan Gruffud with Mr. Fantastic.  Jessica Alba and Chris Evans definitely demoted this movie
 The central idea of this movie is the activities a 1920's Robin Hood and his band of gangsters. Unfortunately, even the Rat Pack cannot save this movie. The script is slow, dated,and dull. Barbara Rush's scenes are especially confusing. Her scenes almost seem to be part of a different movie. Nothing comes of her apparent interest in Sinatra or Martin which makes me wonder why they made the final cut. The main actors seemed to be bored, and with the exceptions of Bing Crosby and Peter Falk, walked through their performances. (Maybe they were hung over most of the time?)  Save your money and borrow it from your local library.
 Well folks, looks like we may have the most over praised movie of the current millennium right here. ("Crash" comes close, but that film has a lot more detractors than this one, and many of those who liked it seemed to do so because they imagined, somehow, that it would "change the world".)  My beefs are not the same as most of those who don't like the film:  I don't much care that it may show an unrealistic picture of drug abuse, nor do I find it overly depressing.  Fact is, it isn't depressing at all cause I didn't care.  It's just boring and annoying, sometimes at different moments, sometimes simultaneously.  This not a good combination.Well folks, looks like we may have the most over praised movie of the current millennium right here. ("Crash" comes close, but that film has a lot more detractors than this one, and many of those who liked it seemed to do so because they imagined, somehow, that it would "change the world".)  My beefs are not the same as most of those who don't like the film:  I don't much care that it may show an unrealistic picture of drug abuse, nor do I find it overly depressing.  Fact is, it isn't depressing at all cause I didn't care.  It's just boring and annoying, sometimes at different moments, sometimes simultaneously.  This not a good combination.All right, here's a plot summary:  Jared Leto, Marlon Wayans, Jennifer Connelly and Ellen Burstyn all do drugs, and this really messes up their lives. I hate to give it all away like that, but there it is.  The fundamental flaw is this: I don't like any of these people, so their pain doesn't mean anything, and since that is all there is to this movie it absolutely fails to have any sort of effect.  Maybe if Aronofsky had put more time in to characterization it would've worked, but now there just isn't anything there.  As far as what's actually in the movie, we've got  Jared Leto as a stupid chunkhead who has inane conversations with his equally chunkheaded girlfriend Jennifer Connelly, who wants to be a fashion designer, or something.  Beyond this we've got Jared's mother, Ellen Burstyn, who is a weird old woman and Marlon Wayans as Leto's friend who deals drugs with him at times and appears headed towards the big leagues.  I particularly love how there's no real attempt to make Wayans into a person.  He's got one flashback about how he wanted to make his mom proud and that's it.  The doubly sad fact is that he's the most likable of the three.  He at least displays a little life.  Connelly and Leto apparently just wandered here from a Bergman film and are so dull and slow that it's a wonder that the smack doesn't cause them to cease to exist entirely.  (Well, Connelly actually does coke, I think, but it fails to liven her up any.  Also, I actually *like* the Bergman films I've seen, so that's not really a fair comparison.)  They love each other, apparently, but since I don't even like either of them I'm not much interested.  Finally, Burstyn is mostly just creepy though her performance does take a turn for the hilarious as she goes off the deep end.  Perhaps it wouldn't have been funny if I cared about her, but we've been over that...  All right, here's a plot summary:  Jared Leto, Marlon Wayans, Jennifer Connelly and Ellen Burstyn all do drugs, and this really messes up their lives. I hate to give it all away like that, but there it is.  The fundamental flaw is this: I don't like any of these people, so their pain doesn't mean anything, and since that is all there is to this movie it absolutely fails to have any sort of effect.  Maybe if Aronofsky had put more time in to characterization it would've worked, but now there just isn't anything there.  As far as what's actually in the movie, we've got  Jared Leto as a stupid chunkhead who has inane conversations with his equally chunkheaded girlfriend Jennifer Connelly, who wants to be a fashion designer, or something.  Beyond this we've got Jared's mother, Ellen Burstyn, who is a weird old woman and Marlon Wayans as Leto's friend who deals drugs with him at times and appears headed towards the big leagues.  I particularly love how there's no real attempt to make Wayans into a person.  He's got one flashback about how he wanted to make his mom proud and that's it.  The doubly sad fact is that he's the most likable of the three.  He at least displays a little life.  Connelly and Leto apparently just wandered here from a Bergman film and are so dull and slow that it's a wonder that the smack doesn't cause them to cease to exist entirely.  (Well, Connelly actually does coke, I think, but it fails to liven her up any.  Also, I actually *like* the Bergman films I've seen, so that's not really a fair comparison.)  They love each other, apparently, but since I don't even like either of them I'm not much interested.  Finally, Burstyn is mostly just creepy though her performance does take a turn for the hilarious as she goes off the deep end.  Perhaps it wouldn't have been funny if I cared about her, but we've been over that...  And I want you people to know that I'm not utterly heartless when it comes to movies.  I can care about the characters, but none of these people did anything for me, so the movie's dead in the water.  For good counter examples watch "Trainspotting", which has drug-addict characters with enough humor and life to be likable and interesting and "Bubba Ho-Tep", a film which displays the plight of the lonely elderly 50 times better than this film despite being a silly horror-comedy with a mummy in a cowboy outfit in it.  On the other hand, neither of those movies is nearly as pretentious as "Requiem For A Dream", so watching them will do nothing to stroke your ego.  Still, if that's all you want to kinda find plenty of films better than this one for that purpose.  And I want you people to know that I'm not utterly heartless when it comes to movies.  I can care about the characters, but none of these people did anything for me, so the movie's dead in the water.  For good counter examples watch "Trainspotting", which has drug-addict characters with enough humor and life to be likable and interesting and "Bubba Ho-Tep", a film which displays the plight of the lonely elderly 50 times better than this film despite being a silly horror-comedy with a mummy in a cowboy outfit in it.  On the other hand, neither of those movies is nearly as pretentious as "Requiem For A Dream", so watching them will do nothing to stroke your ego.  Still, if that's all you want to kinda find plenty of films better than this one for that purpose.  "Requiem For A Dream" isn't helped any by Darren Aronofsky's repetitive, derivative over-direction.  The trouble is, this movie hasn't got any plot to distract you from how redundant the visual style is.  There's nothing inherently wrong with any of his tactics, but they're hopelessly driven in to the ground, as we see fast-motion a thousand times, quick-cut montages a million times and plenty of wonky camera-attached-to-the-actor junk, and they are, again, impossible not to notice cause the plot sure ain't drawing me in.  I imagine that the overdone, repeating visual style is meant as a representation of the endless cycle found in drug use, but that doesn't make it any more pleasant or entertaining to watch.  The score suffers from the same problem as they use the same handful of themes over and over. "Requiem For A Dream" isn't helped any by Darren Aronofsky's repetitive, derivative over-direction.  The trouble is, this movie hasn't got any plot to distract you from how redundant the visual style is.  There's nothing inherently wrong with any of his tactics, but they're hopelessly driven in to the ground, as we see fast-motion a thousand times, quick-cut montages a million times and plenty of wonky camera-attached-to-the-actor junk, and they are, again, impossible not to notice cause the plot sure ain't drawing me in.  I imagine that the overdone, repeating visual style is meant as a representation of the endless cycle found in drug use, but that doesn't make it any more pleasant or entertaining to watch.  The score suffers from the same problem as they use the same handful of themes over and over. Truth be told, I thought this movie was pretty okay for about the first half, but then it really started to grate on me.  It became evident that no, Aronofsky wasn't going to introduce any new visual tricks and no, these characters weren't going to get any more interesting.  I looked at the timer continuously for about the last 40 minutes of the film, and was so uninvolved that the supposedly horrifying conclusion where all the characters really get it bad was utterly ineffective.  It was kind of uplifting, really:  Now that these tedious characters have finally hit rock bottom I can go do something else.  Now that's a good ending.Truth be told, I thought this movie was pretty okay for about the first half, but then it really started to grate on me.  It became evident that no, Aronofsky wasn't going to introduce any new visual tricks and no, these characters weren't going to get any more interesting.  I looked at the timer continuously for about the last 40 minutes of the film, and was so uninvolved that the supposedly horrifying conclusion where all the characters really get it bad was utterly ineffective.  It was kind of uplifting, really:  Now that these tedious characters have finally hit rock bottom I can go do something else.  Now that's a good ending.Grade: D+ Grade: D+ PS This is 500 reviews.  I doubt if I will write 500 more, but who knows
 I give this film one star for the acting, which is often very good. However, the plot and message of this film revel in hopelessness, and debase every aspect of lower income, urban people. In all honesty, I've seen more joy in an African famine. I sat through this film, against my better judgement. Still, if you're truly interested in investigating the dark underbelly of urban American misery and frailty, then I recommend "A Streetcar Named Desire", "KIDS", "Last Exit to Brooklyn", and "Traffic".
 The only reason why I saw this was because of Susannah York. This shows she was more capable of the dix she played in &quot;The Killing of Sister George&quot; and was a fine actress. Otherwise this movie is blah. It's okay to make a surreal other world but you have to make it interesting. The men in this movie are so disgusting one can't blame her for getting mad anyway. For another pointless film of this caliber see Secret Ceremony
 He thought the columbine incident was about gun control.  It was not.  It was about anger and bullying.  That is the problem.  That is what would have fixed that problem.  We need to help children be better to eachother or problems like this will keep going on.    It is worth seeing because it is interesting, but he is wrong on this one.  Micahel Moore is a good director but people are not always right
 You want realism of the Old West? Try showing people frequently blowing big wads of snot out their nose and hawking green loogies onto the floor or into their sleeves because they didn't have tissues. Try having the actors and actresses go for a couple of months without washing their hair, and not brushing their teeth with toothpaste, so their hair is oily and their mouths are scuzzy and black.You want realism of the Old West? Try showing people frequently blowing big wads of snot out their nose and hawking green loogies onto the floor or into their sleeves because they didn't have tissues. Try having the actors and actresses go for a couple of months without washing their hair, and not brushing their teeth with toothpaste, so their hair is oily and their mouths are scuzzy and black.THAT would be realistic, but it's a LOT more repellant to television audiences than gratuitous profanity. So this "realistic" show has characters with clean, fluffy hair and pretty teeth spew garbage langauge constantly -- and sucker viewers and reviewers buy this as "realistic"!!! Every great writer of every age and era, be it Mark Twain, Owen Wister, William Shakespeare, or John Steinbeck, or any other storyteller whose works have survived for generations, told "realistic" stories of their era but who understood what realistic trivia to keep in, and what to leave out, in order to TELL THE STORY. That is WHY their work has remained timeless.THAT would be realistic, but it's a LOT more repellant to television audiences than gratuitous profanity. So this "realistic" show has characters with clean, fluffy hair and pretty teeth spew garbage langauge constantly -- and sucker viewers and reviewers buy this as "realistic"!!! Every great writer of every age and era, be it Mark Twain, Owen Wister, William Shakespeare, or John Steinbeck, or any other storyteller whose works have survived for generations, told "realistic" stories of their era but who understood what realistic trivia to keep in, and what to leave out, in order to TELL THE STORY. That is WHY their work has remained timeless.Deadwood's writing shows a huge insecurity complex in choosing to rely on a gimmick (and a juvenile one at that) like over-the-top profanity. Whether or not the Calamity Janes of the time actually used the words "ignorant f****ng c***s" is something we will never know and is also absolutely irrelevant.Deadwood's writing shows a huge insecurity complex in choosing to rely on a gimmick (and a juvenile one at that) like over-the-top profanity. Whether or not the Calamity Janes of the time actually used the words "ignorant f****ng c***s" is something we will never know and is also absolutely irrelevant.There are an awful lot of sheeple in TV land
 OK, the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long? Jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story.  The native were scary. The quiet scenes with Kong were welcome additions, they actually made him into a character...something that can't be said for any of the human characters.OK, the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long? Jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story.  The native were scary. The quiet scenes with Kong were welcome additions, they actually made him into a character...something that can't be said for any of the human characters.The insect scenes are ridiculous!! The dinosaur stampede was idiotic. Anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie. Now Jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with?!?The insect scenes are ridiculous!! The dinosaur stampede was idiotic. Anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie. Now Jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with?!?Peter Jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.Remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics
 I hate lawyers.I hate lawyers.What is a lawyer, anyway? Basically: it's a telemarketer in a decent suit, a guy who would be hawking the latest Ronco Hair-in-a-Can super-duper late night special to folks in Akron over his plantronic headset, only he won the genetic lottery and got shot out of an upper-middle class womb. What is a lawyer, anyway? Basically: it's a telemarketer in a decent suit, a guy who would be hawking the latest Ronco Hair-in-a-Can super-duper late night special to folks in Akron over his plantronic headset, only he won the genetic lottery and got shot out of an upper-middle class womb. Shakespeare said it first and best: "First, let's kill all the lawyers!". Former Enron uber-dealmaker John Wing put a little fast-times Houston spin on that one: "get all the lawyers in a room---and shoot 'em!---in the mouth, so you *can't* miss!" Shakespeare said it first and best: "First, let's kill all the lawyers!". Former Enron uber-dealmaker John Wing put a little fast-times Houston spin on that one: "get all the lawyers in a room---and shoot 'em!---in the mouth, so you *can't* miss!" Exactly. Anyway, "The Firm" is a flick that purports to make the world of high-priced yappers jaw-rippingly exciting, so I was probably all amped up to despise it. Exactly. Anyway, "The Firm" is a flick that purports to make the world of high-priced yappers jaw-rippingly exciting, so I was probably all amped up to despise it. But not really: back before I dug into a gig with the Dark Side in high finance, back when I was hefting a backpack over the sodden campus of my old alma mater, I briefly considered going into law: briefly, for about an hour. It was a desperate time, and I needed money. But not really: back before I dug into a gig with the Dark Side in high finance, back when I was hefting a backpack over the sodden campus of my old alma mater, I briefly considered going into law: briefly, for about an hour. It was a desperate time, and I needed money. Why did I consider walking Hell's Highway, if only for an instant? Because John Grisham, boring lawyer-turned-ripping-potboiler-writer-turned-back-into-boring-lawyer, a kind of Tom Clancy for the paper-pusher and green-eyeshade set, made it all sound pretty damned funky (and lucrative! Hey, dig that BMW 7 series, baby, beep beep!) in his engrossing little novel "The Firm": granted, I've read better prose on the backs of cereal boxes, but it held my attention. Why did I consider walking Hell's Highway, if only for an instant? Because John Grisham, boring lawyer-turned-ripping-potboiler-writer-turned-back-into-boring-lawyer, a kind of Tom Clancy for the paper-pusher and green-eyeshade set, made it all sound pretty damned funky (and lucrative! Hey, dig that BMW 7 series, baby, beep beep!) in his engrossing little novel "The Firm": granted, I've read better prose on the backs of cereal boxes, but it held my attention. I mean, seriously: you're 19, and the whole flying out on the corporate Lear to Grand Cayman and switching out briefcases full of cash sounds kinda cool. And strippers, man, plenty of strippers. Oh, and did someone mention a BMW?I mean, seriously: you're 19, and the whole flying out on the corporate Lear to Grand Cayman and switching out briefcases full of cash sounds kinda cool. And strippers, man, plenty of strippers. Oh, and did someone mention a BMW?What's the difference between a lawyer and a snake? The snake at least has the decency to hiss before it sinks its fangs into your a**. What's the difference between a lawyer and a snake? The snake at least has the decency to hiss before it sinks its fangs into your a**. Now it's true: Grisham writes like Kim Jong Il sings, but---in "The Firm", anyway---he was a master craftsman at moving things along at a bristling pace, from the pedestrian---hotshot Law School whiz kid gets picked up by a Memphis white-shoe law firm---to the Pretty Damned Atrocious, all while keeping the pressure ratcheted up with a dense, suffocating sense of malice. Now it's true: Grisham writes like Kim Jong Il sings, but---in "The Firm", anyway---he was a master craftsman at moving things along at a bristling pace, from the pedestrian---hotshot Law School whiz kid gets picked up by a Memphis white-shoe law firm---to the Pretty Damned Atrocious, all while keeping the pressure ratcheted up with a dense, suffocating sense of malice. Grisham, like Michael Crichton, isn't a prose genius: he's not even mediocre. But he writes for film, and "The Firm" cried out for cinematic treatment. Grisham, like Michael Crichton, isn't a prose genius: he's not even mediocre. But he writes for film, and "The Firm" cried out for cinematic treatment. So it's baffling that, with all the right Stuff---Tom Cruise as winsome lead Mitch McDeere, Gene Hackman doing his chain-drinking Gene Hackman thang as the corrupt (but ultimately worn-out and pathetic) senior partner, and Sydney Pollack helming it up---that the big-screen treatment of "The Firm" is such a yawner. So it's baffling that, with all the right Stuff---Tom Cruise as winsome lead Mitch McDeere, Gene Hackman doing his chain-drinking Gene Hackman thang as the corrupt (but ultimately worn-out and pathetic) senior partner, and Sydney Pollack helming it up---that the big-screen treatment of "The Firm" is such a yawner. Talk about contempt of court.Talk about contempt of court.Pollack takes all that intricately woven little Grisham-plot and barfs big ugly chunks of it up on the screen. At its guts, really, "The Firm" was really nothing more than the Big Career Nightmare: I've bet the farm on this gig, I'm getting big money, I'm working like a fiend, my wife is having trouble remembering my name, and evidently I'm not doing tax-deals for loaded clients---I'm doing money laundering for The Mob. Pollack takes all that intricately woven little Grisham-plot and barfs big ugly chunks of it up on the screen. At its guts, really, "The Firm" was really nothing more than the Big Career Nightmare: I've bet the farm on this gig, I'm getting big money, I'm working like a fiend, my wife is having trouble remembering my name, and evidently I'm not doing tax-deals for loaded clients---I'm doing money laundering for The Mob. Pollack just mangles the whole thing, convolutes the simple, and renders up a flick that will have you checking your watch and yawning. Casting is part of the problem: Cruise does his thing, running around Memphis with his briefcase. Hackman drinks a lot and exudes pure Armani-clad sleaze: "The Firm" is all funny-wrinkles when he's onscreen, but hey, a man can only do so much. Pollack just mangles the whole thing, convolutes the simple, and renders up a flick that will have you checking your watch and yawning. Casting is part of the problem: Cruise does his thing, running around Memphis with his briefcase. Hackman drinks a lot and exudes pure Armani-clad sleaze: "The Firm" is all funny-wrinkles when he's onscreen, but hey, a man can only do so much. Jeanne Tripplehorn (Cruise's squeeze), who plays Lara San Giacomo when she's not playing Tripplehorn (seriously, google the two of 'em: astounding!) is a bitter old battleaxe who made me want to stick forks in my eyes. Wilford Brimley is just plain wrong as The Firm's security chief: too bald, too cracker, too rotund, too silly, too low-end, to do the role justice. Jeanne Tripplehorn (Cruise's squeeze), who plays Lara San Giacomo when she's not playing Tripplehorn (seriously, google the two of 'em: astounding!) is a bitter old battleaxe who made me want to stick forks in my eyes. Wilford Brimley is just plain wrong as The Firm's security chief: too bald, too cracker, too rotund, too silly, too low-end, to do the role justice. Holly Hunter is even worse: Hunter is one of those eighties thangs who got pumped up as Something Sexy, which is baffling, given that she's about 3'8, and has all the sex appeal of an Oompah-Loompah. It doesn't help that she's a big, ugly Southern stereotype, the caricature most denizens of dumpy Michigan towns imagine Southerners to be. You want her to die: she doesn't. Pollack wants us to think she's clever and funny. She isn't. Holly Hunter is even worse: Hunter is one of those eighties thangs who got pumped up as Something Sexy, which is baffling, given that she's about 3'8, and has all the sex appeal of an Oompah-Loompah. It doesn't help that she's a big, ugly Southern stereotype, the caricature most denizens of dumpy Michigan towns imagine Southerners to be. You want her to die: she doesn't. Pollack wants us to think she's clever and funny. She isn't. Ed Harris, I think, is in this movie. So is Hal Holbrook, which kinda ruins everything, because everytime Hal Holbrook is in a movie you know you're dealing with a bunch of friggin' crooks.  Ed Harris, I think, is in this movie. So is Hal Holbrook, which kinda ruins everything, because everytime Hal Holbrook is in a movie you know you're dealing with a bunch of friggin' crooks.  Anyway, the coup de grace to the stupidity is the entrance, Deus Ex Machina, of Paul Sorvino (Don Morolto---what kind of Goombah name is dat, anyway? Somebody call Tony Soprano!), who takes this juggernaut of boredom from the merely stupid to the totally ridiculous. Anyway, the coup de grace to the stupidity is the entrance, Deus Ex Machina, of Paul Sorvino (Don Morolto---what kind of Goombah name is dat, anyway? Somebody call Tony Soprano!), who takes this juggernaut of boredom from the merely stupid to the totally ridiculous. If you wanna see Tom Cruise running around Memphis with his briefcase for two hours, by all means belly up to the bar. If you wanna see Tom Cruise running around Memphis with his briefcase for two hours, by all means belly up to the bar. Otherwise, case dismissed. Otherwise, case dismissed. JS
 Okay, the script is not the most imaginative I've ever seen, but I like the actors (especially Ben's best man) so I was friendly with this movie for the most part.  I didn't even mind the obvious holes in the plot, such as...why do these characters not have credit cards or cell phones? Or at least, why don't they use them?  Oh no, much more plausible that Ben will have to strip dance in a gay bar for $150 to buy a car to drive to NC.  I didn't even mind the fact that the whole "We're married and my husband's a doctor." charade was so predictable. Oh Gee, he's pretending to be a doctor and he's on a tour bus with a bunch of elderly people. D'ya think someone might have a heart attack and "Dr. Holmes" might have to step up?  And uh, they're pretending to be married and Oh! surprise there's the best man and maid of honor! D'ya think they're gonna get busted?Okay, the script is not the most imaginative I've ever seen, but I like the actors (especially Ben's best man) so I was friendly with this movie for the most part.  I didn't even mind the obvious holes in the plot, such as...why do these characters not have credit cards or cell phones? Or at least, why don't they use them?  Oh no, much more plausible that Ben will have to strip dance in a gay bar for $150 to buy a car to drive to NC.  I didn't even mind the fact that the whole "We're married and my husband's a doctor." charade was so predictable. Oh Gee, he's pretending to be a doctor and he's on a tour bus with a bunch of elderly people. D'ya think someone might have a heart attack and "Dr. Holmes" might have to step up?  And uh, they're pretending to be married and Oh! surprise there's the best man and maid of honor! D'ya think they're gonna get busted?What killed it for me was that ridiculous ending.  It was obviously supposed to be a surprise (and it was) but there seemed to be no other reason for it than to pull a fast one on the audience.  I felt cheated. I spent the entire movie getting emotionally involved with the relationship between Sarah and Ben, and I really cared about how they would handle things with the fiance and Sarah's little boy and all that.  I cheerfully became disengaged from the relationship between Ben and Bridget, I totally believed neither one of them was ready to get married or right for each other.  The film spent an inordinate amount of time showing me they're not right for each other and that this wedding was not meant to happen.  RIGHT UP TO THE LAST MOMENT, we think he's breaking it off with Bridget. Instead, what the heck let's just go ahead and get married after all.What killed it for me was that ridiculous ending.  It was obviously supposed to be a surprise (and it was) but there seemed to be no other reason for it than to pull a fast one on the audience.  I felt cheated. I spent the entire movie getting emotionally involved with the relationship between Sarah and Ben, and I really cared about how they would handle things with the fiance and Sarah's little boy and all that.  I cheerfully became disengaged from the relationship between Ben and Bridget, I totally believed neither one of them was ready to get married or right for each other.  The film spent an inordinate amount of time showing me they're not right for each other and that this wedding was not meant to happen.  RIGHT UP TO THE LAST MOMENT, we think he's breaking it off with Bridget. Instead, what the heck let's just go ahead and get married after all.Huh?  He left Sarah sitting out there waiting for him in a HURRICANE!!! after making her promise that she would still be there when he got back.  This man obviously doesn't have a clue what he wants in life, and I'm expected to believe they lived happily ever after?Huh?  He left Sarah sitting out there waiting for him in a HURRICANE!!! after making her promise that she would still be there when he got back.  This man obviously doesn't have a clue what he wants in life, and I'm expected to believe they lived happily ever after?Not only that, but what does it teach us about taking this commitment seriously?  It teaches us that if our instinct is telling us "don't do it!" and our genitals are yearning for someone else and even Mother Nature seems to be working hard to prevent this marriage, aw heck go on ahead and do it anyway.  It's just marriage. It's romantic! You could get lucky and live happily ever after!Not only that, but what does it teach us about taking this commitment seriously?  It teaches us that if our instinct is telling us "don't do it!" and our genitals are yearning for someone else and even Mother Nature seems to be working hard to prevent this marriage, aw heck go on ahead and do it anyway.  It's just marriage. It's romantic! You could get lucky and live happily ever after!It's been my experience, when things aren't feeling just right as you approach that wedding, turn and run. The last thing you should do is close your eyes, grab your balls and take the leap
 Simply put: the movie is boring.  Clich upon clich is confirmed and story lines never come together. It seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary. The main plot is very thin (a CIA agent is ordered to kill an oil prince, gets caught and then warns the prince (why?)) and therefore some elements were added to make the movie more interesting. So, a kid dies, which results in the "natural" response of the father: freely advising the person indirectly responsible for his son's death. The lawyer has a drunk "friend" and keeps him around, why, no one knows. Some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship.Simply put: the movie is boring.  Clich upon clich is confirmed and story lines never come together. It seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary. The main plot is very thin (a CIA agent is ordered to kill an oil prince, gets caught and then warns the prince (why?)) and therefore some elements were added to make the movie more interesting. So, a kid dies, which results in the "natural" response of the father: freely advising the person indirectly responsible for his son's death. The lawyer has a drunk "friend" and keeps him around, why, no one knows. Some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship.All in all, this is one of the worst movies I have seen in quite a while. I was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged. I neither laughed nor cried, I did not gain an understanding nor was I compelled to learn more or take up a cause. It meant nothing to me, which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie. All in all, this is one of the worst movies I have seen in quite a while. I was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged. I neither laughed nor cried, I did not gain an understanding nor was I compelled to learn more or take up a cause. It meant nothing to me, which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie. Save your money, save your time, choose another movie.
 I rented this DVD because of the glowing reviews here and because I wanted a better understanding of the origin of the modern problems in the Middle East. Overall, I was disappointed by this offering because it didn't give sufficient background and seemed to speak primarily to those who already had a knowledge of the subject. (It also seems to me to be *a bit* biased in Israel's favor vis-a-vis the Palestinians, but that flaw could be accepted and filtered appropriately.)I rented this DVD because of the glowing reviews here and because I wanted a better understanding of the origin of the modern problems in the Middle East. Overall, I was disappointed by this offering because it didn't give sufficient background and seemed to speak primarily to those who already had a knowledge of the subject. (It also seems to me to be *a bit* biased in Israel's favor vis-a-vis the Palestinians, but that flaw could be accepted and filtered appropriately.)For instance, the documentary jumps right into the last Zionist Congress in 1939 (or whenever it was), but they never define what the Zionist movement is or where it came from. I know some of this from my reading, but it would be nice to have a summary here -- especially as it relates to the main players in the rest of the documentary. I wish the documentary would have at least started with WWI and the British occupation of Palestine after the fall of the Ottoman Empire, rather than picking up at WWII and mentioning some of the WWI details later. Doing so would have answered questions like, "Why are the British so important here?"For instance, the documentary jumps right into the last Zionist Congress in 1939 (or whenever it was), but they never define what the Zionist movement is or where it came from. I know some of this from my reading, but it would be nice to have a summary here -- especially as it relates to the main players in the rest of the documentary. I wish the documentary would have at least started with WWI and the British occupation of Palestine after the fall of the Ottoman Empire, rather than picking up at WWII and mentioning some of the WWI details later. Doing so would have answered questions like, "Why are the British so important here?"Another example is keeping track of the people, places, and organizations, which are often named in Hebrew or Arabic and are unfamiliar to the uninitiated. It made the sequence of events hard to follow because we had a hard time keeping track of who was doing what and where. Using more text on the screen, more maps, more recaps, and perhaps more English translations would have improved things greatly, methinks.Another example is keeping track of the people, places, and organizations, which are often named in Hebrew or Arabic and are unfamiliar to the uninitiated. It made the sequence of events hard to follow because we had a hard time keeping track of who was doing what and where. Using more text on the screen, more maps, more recaps, and perhaps more English translations would have improved things greatly, methinks.The film certainly has value, not least because it is told by a participant and first-hand observer, but it is not for those without much familiarity with the people, places, and issues at hand
 Other reviews rant about Ms. Judd; frankly, after Double Jeopardy and High Crimes, I'm not seeing the superb actress, but that's aside the point.  This movie has one point that can be summed up in this review so you can spend your time better on something else--  Search for truth, not innocence.  Especially if you are an attorney
 Ashley Judd's (Normal Life, The Locusts) husband, played by Jim Caviezel (The Passion Of The Christ, Frequency) gets arrested and put on the guilty bench for a slaughter in El Salvador a bunch of years ago. So, Judd hires the always superb Morgan Freeman (Unleashed, Million Dollar Baby) to help her out on the case and to find out the truth while she tries to get her husband out of imprisonment. Judd then has threats on her life after. The opening sequence pulls you in, the thrills are a mixed bag (car crash scene for example was good) and the outcome, well, I really saw coming anyway. Ashley Judd's thrid thriller but its her second one with a murderous manipulative husband(Double Jeopardy). Twisted and Kiss The Girls had a killer running after her or playing games with her noggin. Also starring Bruce Davison (X-Men, Dahmer), Amanda Peet (The Whole Nine Yards, The Whole Ten Yards) and Tom Bower (Die Hard 2
 Funny and very inspirational. Good way to encourage young teenagers to build self esteem. If there's a will, there's a way. Anyone can dance
 I give this film one star for the acting, which is often very good. However, the plot and message of this film revel in hopelessness, and debase every aspect of lower income, urban people. In all honesty, I've seen more joy in an African famine. I sat through this film, against my better judgement. Still, if you're truly interested in investigating the dark underbelly of urban American misery and frailty, then I recommend "A Streetcar Named Desire", "KIDS", "Last Exit to Brooklyn", and "Traffic".
 ok, I've only just seen this film for the first time, so it's hard to really judge the social impact it had 13 years ago and its importance in that respect, but this is not a particularly good film.ok, I've only just seen this film for the first time, so it's hard to really judge the social impact it had 13 years ago and its importance in that respect, but this is not a particularly good film.I mean, it has its choice moments where it really comes together. the shot of caine downing a 40 in the korean grocers is imaginitively directed. any scene with o-dog is almost guaranteed classic status. samuel jackson's in it. and if you're a fan of dave chapelle's tyrone biggums crackhead character, the token crackhead in this film is worth a few laughs for his to-the-tee similarity.I mean, it has its choice moments where it really comes together. the shot of caine downing a 40 in the korean grocers is imaginitively directed. any scene with o-dog is almost guaranteed classic status. samuel jackson's in it. and if you're a fan of dave chapelle's tyrone biggums crackhead character, the token crackhead in this film is worth a few laughs for his to-the-tee similarity.but that's really my problem with this film. serious issues are reduced to a series of ham-fisted archetypes straight out of central casting. and they're ALL here: the homey black grandparents, the nation of islam convert, the socially conscious mother whose son is starting to go down caine's road... all characters that might fare better in a different film that treats these issues with more subtlety and depth.but that's really my problem with this film. serious issues are reduced to a series of ham-fisted archetypes straight out of central casting. and they're ALL here: the homey black grandparents, the nation of islam convert, the socially conscious mother whose son is starting to go down caine's road... all characters that might fare better in a different film that treats these issues with more subtlety and depth.take the french film 'la haine', for instance. it clearly took a lot of inspiration from menace 2 society, boyz n tha hood, etc., but its characters actually feel tormented, instead of just having lots of scenes written FOR them to show their torment. rather than just running through a laundry list of problems, one-by-one, scene-by-scene, it really gets to the heart of something bigger, some grander alienation that urban youths feel, which is what menace 2 society would like to be able to do. plus, if you can believe it, the hip-hop in 'la haine' is quite a bit better.take the french film 'la haine', for instance. it clearly took a lot of inspiration from menace 2 society, boyz n tha hood, etc., but its characters actually feel tormented, instead of just having lots of scenes written FOR them to show their torment. rather than just running through a laundry list of problems, one-by-one, scene-by-scene, it really gets to the heart of something bigger, some grander alienation that urban youths feel, which is what menace 2 society would like to be able to do. plus, if you can believe it, the hip-hop in 'la haine' is quite a bit better.so while I would definitely recommend seeing this film, keep the remote aimed and ready, finger on the fast-forward button. maybe about a half-hour of this film is really worth watching, whereas the other 70 minutes are mostly just dull moralising. oh yeah, and there's a really embarrassing-to-watch sex scene thrown in for no particular reason. oh, also, the filmmakers apparently think people who have just been shot look like they are being electrocuted while spitting out cherry slurpees. in a film that didn't try to carry so much social weight, that kind of thing would be ok because you could laugh it off as bad filmmaking, but it really just cheapens this one
 These plays were okay, I'm glad I rented them before buying them.  The props and things were very nice, the actors didn't gel well with each other or connect with their characters and the singing was mediocre ( definitely no Tyler Perry quality on that note) but the messages were good just seemed a little unrealistic and too drawn out.  I thought Alexander O'Neal sang in one of them but he didn't
 "In Good Company" goes on and on at the end a little bit, and the ending especially is not fulfilling character/plot-wise.  If it had ended 15-20 minutes before it actually did, I would give it three stars instead of two."In Good Company" goes on and on at the end a little bit, and the ending especially is not fulfilling character/plot-wise.  If it had ended 15-20 minutes before it actually did, I would give it three stars instead of two.I admit there were quite a few times when I laughed a bit to myself, but it didn't make me fall off the couch or anything. There were other times when I thought the actions of some characters were weird or forced.I admit there were quite a few times when I laughed a bit to myself, but it didn't make me fall off the couch or anything. There were other times when I thought the actions of some characters were weird or forced.Overall it isn't an entirely bad movie, but, like I said, the ending is unfulfilling.  Overall not strong performances coming from Scarlett Johansson or Topher Grace
 i had high expectation on the video but it turned out to be quite disappointed and boring, i have to say that the one is one of my favourite books i ever rea
 The entire premise of the movie is not merely ludicrous or far-fetched, it is actually completely false.  The concept of double jeopardy has nothing at all to do with WHOM is murdered (or is otherwise the victim), but WHAT you did, in distinct criminal incidents.  Even if you were wrongly convicted of murdering someone, if you go back and murder them "again" then that is a new incident, and double jeopardy does not apply.The entire premise of the movie is not merely ludicrous or far-fetched, it is actually completely false.  The concept of double jeopardy has nothing at all to do with WHOM is murdered (or is otherwise the victim), but WHAT you did, in distinct criminal incidents.  Even if you were wrongly convicted of murdering someone, if you go back and murder them "again" then that is a new incident, and double jeopardy does not apply.In movies intended to be fantastic, diverging this much from reality might be OK.  But this is a mainstream legal thriller.  It's like having a mainstream romantic comedy where the men wear lipstick and the women don't, for no apparent reason.In movies intended to be fantastic, diverging this much from reality might be OK.  But this is a mainstream legal thriller.  It's like having a mainstream romantic comedy where the men wear lipstick and the women don't, for no apparent reason.But the producers of this movie either have no idea what the law actually says or means, or they just (accurately) banked on the general public being too ignorant to notice how ridiculous it is
 This show deserved to get cancelled, and there's a very simple reason.  This is supposedly dry, subtle comedy for people who don't usually like dry, subtle comedy.  It's a show that was presented to the FOX audience, an audeince that normally likes the most inane, low-brow kind of humor, that doesn't know what dry comedy is and would fall for a pitiful imitation of it.This show deserved to get cancelled, and there's a very simple reason.  This is supposedly dry, subtle comedy for people who don't usually like dry, subtle comedy.  It's a show that was presented to the FOX audience, an audeince that normally likes the most inane, low-brow kind of humor, that doesn't know what dry comedy is and would fall for a pitiful imitation of it.Meanwhile, to people who actually appreciate subtlety and dry humor, the so-called comedy in the show is unbelievably obvious and predictable.  Every time a line is spoken on that show that is supposed to be a joke, it's clear how forced and contrived it is, how hard the creators of this show are trying to fake dry humor, something they clearly don't understand.  It's embarrassing for someone with appreciation for humor to watch, because the jokes are so uninspired and fall so flat.  It's just an awkward mess.Meanwhile, to people who actually appreciate subtlety and dry humor, the so-called comedy in the show is unbelievably obvious and predictable.  Every time a line is spoken on that show that is supposed to be a joke, it's clear how forced and contrived it is, how hard the creators of this show are trying to fake dry humor, something they clearly don't understand.  It's embarrassing for someone with appreciation for humor to watch, because the jokes are so uninspired and fall so flat.  It's just an awkward mess.But those aren't the people this show is targeted at.  It's targeted at that FOX audience who has never even seen dry humor before, and so anything even resembling it is new and amazing to them.  They think this show is brilliant because it's a little smarter than MAD TV, or at least thinks it is.  And since those are the people who are seeing the show, you hear all these people raving about how brilliant it is.  If the show were on HBO or some other network, exposed to a different kind of audience, you would hear a lot more negative response to it from people who like dry comedy that actually works.But those aren't the people this show is targeted at.  It's targeted at that FOX audience who has never even seen dry humor before, and so anything even resembling it is new and amazing to them.  They think this show is brilliant because it's a little smarter than MAD TV, or at least thinks it is.  And since those are the people who are seeing the show, you hear all these people raving about how brilliant it is.  If the show were on HBO or some other network, exposed to a different kind of audience, you would hear a lot more negative response to it from people who like dry comedy that actually works.So why did this show get cancelled, when so many people think it's so amazing?  If it's so great, people would have actually watched it, right?  So where were the ratings?  The fact is, the people who love this show are a very vocal minority.  The audience for dry humor didn't watch this show because it's not funny.  But the audience who was fooled by this show, as vocal as they are, was just too small:  they were people who were encountering something other than inanity for the first time in their lives and thought it would make them look smart to pretend to like it.So why did this show get cancelled, when so many people think it's so amazing?  If it's so great, people would have actually watched it, right?  So where were the ratings?  The fact is, the people who love this show are a very vocal minority.  The audience for dry humor didn't watch this show because it's not funny.  But the audience who was fooled by this show, as vocal as they are, was just too small:  they were people who were encountering something other than inanity for the first time in their lives and thought it would make them look smart to pretend to like it.This is not one of those shows that was cancelled because it was too smart for TV, as its apologists claim.  No, it simply was a completely unfunny failure that was only impressive to people who have never heard anything but fart jokes
 "Four Brothers" is yet another nail in the coffin of John Singleton's increasingly moribund moviemaking career.  The director - who burst upon the scene in 1991 with the vibrant and gritty "Boyz n the Hood" - has here mounted a film so burdened by implausibility and contrivance that it makes one wonder if the once-promising filmmaker will ever be able to get back on track again.  The story, reeking of artificiality, features Mark Wahlberg, Tyrese Gibson, Andre Benjamin and Garrett Hedlund as four troubled young men raised by the same foster mother.  When she is killed in a convenience store robbery, the quartet launches into action, seeking revenge against the perpetrators and becoming slowly convinced, through their investigation in the neighborhood, that the killing might not have been as random in nature as they had been initially led to believe.  "Four Brothers" is yet another nail in the coffin of John Singleton's increasingly moribund moviemaking career.  The director - who burst upon the scene in 1991 with the vibrant and gritty "Boyz n the Hood" - has here mounted a film so burdened by implausibility and contrivance that it makes one wonder if the once-promising filmmaker will ever be able to get back on track again.  The story, reeking of artificiality, features Mark Wahlberg, Tyrese Gibson, Andre Benjamin and Garrett Hedlund as four troubled young men raised by the same foster mother.  When she is killed in a convenience store robbery, the quartet launches into action, seeking revenge against the perpetrators and becoming slowly convinced, through their investigation in the neighborhood, that the killing might not have been as random in nature as they had been initially led to believe.  The main weakness of this film is that it gives us virtually no reason to care about any of the characters.  By not showing us any scenes between the boys and their foster mother (except for one embarrassingly bad Thanksgiving dinner fantasy sequence that looks as if it were conceived by a first-year film student), we are forced to take their relationship totally on faith, rendering the boys' thirst for revenge arbitrary at worst and academic at best.The main weakness of this film is that it gives us virtually no reason to care about any of the characters.  By not showing us any scenes between the boys and their foster mother (except for one embarrassingly bad Thanksgiving dinner fantasy sequence that looks as if it were conceived by a first-year film student), we are forced to take their relationship totally on faith, rendering the boys' thirst for revenge arbitrary at worst and academic at best.The acting is uniformly flat, with the characters little more than wafer-thin stereotypes, and even the action scenes come across as surprisingly mundane and second-rate given the Singleton pedigree in this area.  The boys' running around from venue to venue in their Detroit neighborhood, brandishing guns in full view of the populace and screaming for information about their mother's killer, is ludicrous on the face of it and often reduces the film to the level of cheap low comedy burlesque.  The acting is uniformly flat, with the characters little more than wafer-thin stereotypes, and even the action scenes come across as surprisingly mundane and second-rate given the Singleton pedigree in this area.  The boys' running around from venue to venue in their Detroit neighborhood, brandishing guns in full view of the populace and screaming for information about their mother's killer, is ludicrous on the face of it and often reduces the film to the level of cheap low comedy burlesque.  With nary a single moment that rings believable or true, "Four Brothers" is by-the-book filmmaking from a director who has proven that he has the wherewithal and talent to do so much more.
 I do not understand what the hype about this dvd is. I baught it according to [] reviews, but unfortunatly, was very dissapointed. I def felt a burn in my upper abs, but you are laying on your back THE ENTIRE TIME. There is no changing positions and targeting the abs from diferent angles. To me, it was basically crunch after crunch after crunch. Would not recommend it unless you want buldge in your upper abs
 While I've been a big fan of Ghost In The Shell, these stories are the worst yet. (I've watched the first three episodes on Cartoon Network as the DVD is not out yet). While I've been a big fan of Ghost In The Shell, these stories are the worst yet. (I've watched the first three episodes on Cartoon Network as the DVD is not out yet). In "Make Up", the story is flawed in that Paz would have never been allowed to roam "free" while an exact copy cat of himself is on the lose killing people.In "Make Up", the story is flawed in that Paz would have never been allowed to roam "free" while an exact copy cat of himself is on the lose killing people.In "Poker Face" the "Emperial" America is such and Anti-American statement especially when the Amercian UN Forces have the American flag sewed on their uniforms backwards! This may have been an error but I doubt it. In "Poker Face" the "Emperial" America is such and Anti-American statement especially when the Amercian UN Forces have the American flag sewed on their uniforms backwards! This may have been an error but I doubt it. In PAT. the tachikoma's voices are so annoying and so much information is thrown at you that it's hard to follow. Most if is a rehash on previous episodes. With their childest voices, they shouldn't be used as a main plot of the story
 Personally, I found this workout extremely difficult to follow; the moves are simply not broken down enough to be understood. After pushing myself to go back to every part I didn't understand, I grew frustrated. Other reviews have mentioned that being able to pick up the moves comes from such repetition,  as I have obviously tried, but that technique killed my motivation and the thrill, both of which I believe are integral to any workout. And in my opinion any workout that one pays for should deliver a deserving output; one shouldn't have to teach themselves the moves. Personally, I found this workout extremely difficult to follow; the moves are simply not broken down enough to be understood. After pushing myself to go back to every part I didn't understand, I grew frustrated. Other reviews have mentioned that being able to pick up the moves comes from such repetition,  as I have obviously tried, but that technique killed my motivation and the thrill, both of which I believe are integral to any workout. And in my opinion any workout that one pays for should deliver a deserving output; one shouldn't have to teach themselves the moves. To a less significant degree, I agree with the reviews that comment on the "cheesiness" of the video. At first, such cheesiness made me laugh, and then as I grew frustrated, it merely made me further annoyed. What I feel also adds to the cheesiness is instructor Marie Forleo's unsuccessful motivation attempts, which are not only redundant, but suggestive in a most unnecessary way. To a less significant degree, I agree with the reviews that comment on the "cheesiness" of the video. At first, such cheesiness made me laugh, and then as I grew frustrated, it merely made me further annoyed. What I feel also adds to the cheesiness is instructor Marie Forleo's unsuccessful motivation attempts, which are not only redundant, but suggestive in a most unnecessary way. I don't mean to sound so aggressively negative--I just wish I had been able to learn the moves, because they did look like fun
 Thought it would be insightful but it was just dull and low-budget.
 I found this movie to be almost unwatchable.  If your idea of a good time is watching Henry Gibson trying to sing while the camera takes long pans over dull crowd scenes, then this movie is for you.  The three minutes of excitement near the end barely has anything to do with anything that preceeded it.  Altman can pull off such greats as "Mash" and  "Godsford Park" and then stink up the joint with this.  What's up with that
 the movie title itself says a lot, the movie itself is a total scam, fools people to rent or to watch it. a horrible directing, script and performance. you'd better jump off empire state building in the late afternoon if you feel bored than watching this brain-dean bad movie
 Strengths: Soundtrack by Christopher Franke, performance by Andreas Katsulas in 1st half. Interesting idea of weapons system.Strengths: Soundtrack by Christopher Franke, performance by Andreas Katsulas in 1st half. Interesting idea of weapons system.Weaknesses: Plot was mostly stupid. Tragic underutilization of G'Kar as a character in the second half. Unconvincing sense of scale for the Leanndra (Why call for "a healer"? How many healers are on board this tiny ship?). Felt more like a pilot for a new series than a standalone movie
 Denise Austin needs to stick with making exercise videos for adults. This video isn't kid friendly, and doesn't have a good feel for kids. To be honest, it is very close to most of Denise's exercise videos for adults. What Denise has forgotten, or may have never known, is kids are kids, and they need to be treated accordingly, and that means with exercise videos to.A good choice for kids is - Kick to Get Fit Jr. -For Kids, this video is done by a qualified kid's fitness professional, not someone who is just throwing adult type movements at kids, and just hoping they can do them.My kids are NOT at all happy with this program.  There are 6 & 10 years old, and they were bored & turned off by this video within the first 5 minutes, mostly because they didn't understand the movements, and then found most of the other movements very hard to do. Once again, the forgotten point - Kids are kids, and they need to be treated accordingly. One last point, in the video Denise mentions that she received information from a variety of different professionals in the field of children's exercise & fitness. This is all good except they all forgot one VERY IMPORTANT DETAIL,-  You MUST be able to teach & instruct children at a level they understand. Just because you know something about exercise, it doesn't mean you are able to teach it to children. Knowledge is one thing - Teaching & Instructing is another, and the fact is, some people are just not very good at instructing children. A point that is very clearly displayed within this program.
 Sixth Sense & Unbreakable are so much better than Signs, and I'm sorry to say whatever M. Night Shyamalan originally had, he's lost. When Sixth Sense came out, he was tipped as the next big thing, but I'm sorry to say, it's no longer there. In my mind, he cannot match any films up to the success and sheer uniqueness of Sixth Sense.Sixth Sense & Unbreakable are so much better than Signs, and I'm sorry to say whatever M. Night Shyamalan originally had, he's lost. When Sixth Sense came out, he was tipped as the next big thing, but I'm sorry to say, it's no longer there. In my mind, he cannot match any films up to the success and sheer uniqueness of Sixth Sense.Signs just fails miserably. The concept was a good idea, but the execution was terrible. It reminded me very much of Blair Witch Project, as in what little action there was happens off screen, and the torches as well. It's also definitely not Mel Gibson's best film. Even the actors appear to struggle with the dialogue-heavy script, and not really much happens. Apart from one brief glimpse of an alien. Oooh. Fascinating.Signs just fails miserably. The concept was a good idea, but the execution was terrible. It reminded me very much of Blair Witch Project, as in what little action there was happens off screen, and the torches as well. It's also definitely not Mel Gibson's best film. Even the actors appear to struggle with the dialogue-heavy script, and not really much happens. Apart from one brief glimpse of an alien. Oooh. Fascinating.The problem I think that Signs has, is that it's already following many other, far superior, alien movies. Aliens attacking the earth has been done, and lots more memorable than this. There's also the overly religious theme, which the film probably would have done better either toning down, or scrapping altogether. It was really just thrown in to try and justify what was happening in the film. The scenes between Gibson and his kids and his brother are way too sentimental and really cringeworthy.The problem I think that Signs has, is that it's already following many other, far superior, alien movies. Aliens attacking the earth has been done, and lots more memorable than this. There's also the overly religious theme, which the film probably would have done better either toning down, or scrapping altogether. It was really just thrown in to try and justify what was happening in the film. The scenes between Gibson and his kids and his brother are way too sentimental and really cringeworthy.The finale doesn't really make the film better. The discovery that the naked aliens find water like acid to their skin is atrocious! Why come to earth, the surface of is mostly covered in water, and the atmosphere is full of water droplets and vapour?! And then they travel millions of light years with far advanced technology - and then can't break into a wooden house?! Are you kidding me? But the most ridiculous thing is not only do the characters not pay attention to the dogs, who sensed something was not right (time to get myself a dog), but the fact that all the sophisticated radar equipment cannot detect the aliens entering our atmosphere - but a BABY MONITOR can?! Huh?!The finale doesn't really make the film better. The discovery that the naked aliens find water like acid to their skin is atrocious! Why come to earth, the surface of is mostly covered in water, and the atmosphere is full of water droplets and vapour?! And then they travel millions of light years with far advanced technology - and then can't break into a wooden house?! Are you kidding me? But the most ridiculous thing is not only do the characters not pay attention to the dogs, who sensed something was not right (time to get myself a dog), but the fact that all the sophisticated radar equipment cannot detect the aliens entering our atmosphere - but a BABY MONITOR can?! Huh?!A film to stay well away from. Thankfully, I didn't spend my hard earned (ha!) money on it, but borrowed it from a friend. I shall approach M. Night Shyamalan's films with trepidation from now. Oh, and when a director decides to give himself a speaking role in his own film, make it a SHORT one
 I was not into this movie at all.  My mother recommended it to me but it was lame all the way through.  A middle-aged man decides he wants to do something different with his life, so he takes a dance class.  Ofcourse there's a fine dance instructor, a crush is pursued, a wife gets jealous, hires a detective, and *gasp* his crush is found out.  The movie was too predictable and it just wasn't for me.  Not a bad movie, just not my cup of tea.  Richard Gere was cute as usual, which was the only thing that made me watch it to the end, besides wanting to know what a correct quick step looked like since "So You Think You Can Dance" never had contestants who mastered it
 I saw this movie in the theater and was amazed at how quiet it was in there! Since I was bored, I found myself looking at other people there to see if I could get a read on what they were thinking, and after it was over I asked my friend what he thought. He said, "Oh, it was okay" but didn't elaborate. So let me: it was painfully unfunny, with jokes or punchlines that fell flat, horrible acting, totally predictable, and very forgetable. This is a movie you might want to rent ONLY if you're really bored and nearly every other movie is out. And even then, you'd be better off to go home empty handed. There's not even much eye candy to recommend, which is a nice fallback if there's nothing else going for it. How people could give this movie anything more than 1 star is puzzling. Just because you like a movie shouldn't mean you give it 5 stars, especially when it's as bad as this one. I mean, I liked Freddy VS Jason, but there's no way I'd give that movie 4 or 5 stars. This is bottom of the barrel
 As an environmental scientist, I find these soft-science/hardball political presentations of the global warming discussion distressing and unhelpful. While they rally the convinced, having partisan political types at the forefront of the discussion is probably unhelpful. To wit, about a third of this movie turns out to be a self promotion video complete with a replay of 2000 election footage. As an environmental scientist, I find these soft-science/hardball political presentations of the global warming discussion distressing and unhelpful. While they rally the convinced, having partisan political types at the forefront of the discussion is probably unhelpful. To wit, about a third of this movie turns out to be a self promotion video complete with a replay of 2000 election footage. About the "movie": it's actually a filmation of the presentation Al Gore has made for some time on Global Warming. In it he tries to make the case that nearly everything we are measuring on this dynamic earth is the result of man-made CO2 and other green-house gasses. The audience is bombarded with a long series of charts, graphs, and suppositions that make for a compelling argument - IF one has little or no knowledge coming into the presentation.About the "movie": it's actually a filmation of the presentation Al Gore has made for some time on Global Warming. In it he tries to make the case that nearly everything we are measuring on this dynamic earth is the result of man-made CO2 and other green-house gasses. The audience is bombarded with a long series of charts, graphs, and suppositions that make for a compelling argument - IF one has little or no knowledge coming into the presentation.And this is where this production goes terribly wrong, the fact checking was terrible, the cherry-picked data was obvious and heavy-handed, and finally the movie ends up serving those who oppose any discussion of global warming more than it helps the cause. Two examples: And this is where this production goes terribly wrong, the fact checking was terrible, the cherry-picked data was obvious and heavy-handed, and finally the movie ends up serving those who oppose any discussion of global warming more than it helps the cause. Two examples: An Inconvenient Truth asserts that a sea-level rise of 20 feet is a realistic short-term prospect - yet, the 2005 joint statement by the science academies of the Western nations warns of sea-level rise in the four to 35 inches range in the 21st century.An Inconvenient Truth asserts that a sea-level rise of 20 feet is a realistic short-term prospect - yet, the 2005 joint statement by the science academies of the Western nations warns of sea-level rise in the four to 35 inches range in the 21st century.Gore discusses the Earth's atmosphere as relatively thin, and declares that, "The problem we now face is that this thin layer of atmosphere is being thickened by huge quantities of carbon dioxide." Hello? Thickness has nothing to do with global warming people. Carbon dioxide has molecular bonds that vibrate on the same wavelengths at which infrared energy radiates upward from Earth's surface - meaning that the vibration warms the CO2, which makes things hotter. Further the references to nitrogen are pure nonsense, since it doesn't play a role.Gore discusses the Earth's atmosphere as relatively thin, and declares that, "The problem we now face is that this thin layer of atmosphere is being thickened by huge quantities of carbon dioxide." Hello? Thickness has nothing to do with global warming people. Carbon dioxide has molecular bonds that vibrate on the same wavelengths at which infrared energy radiates upward from Earth's surface - meaning that the vibration warms the CO2, which makes things hotter. Further the references to nitrogen are pure nonsense, since it doesn't play a role.My warning is to not let the politicians ruin the scientific process, no matter how noble the cause may be.
 Dull, dull, dull.If I could have submitted a review and given ZERO stars I would have.Pointless
 (It is really random the selection they used as you hardly have a great cage match in every choice and for the millionth time that WWE lies to us, Snuka-Backlund was NOT 1980! It was June 28, 1982! The date they claim from 1980 was Backlund-Patera in a Texas Death Match. A company with that much money has no excuse for such a continous screw up! Snuka was not working for Vince Sr in 1980, he was in the NWA feuding with Ric Flair as part of Gene Anderson's stable!)(It is really random the selection they used as you hardly have a great cage match in every choice and for the millionth time that WWE lies to us, Snuka-Backlund was NOT 1980! It was June 28, 1982! The date they claim from 1980 was Backlund-Patera in a Texas Death Match. A company with that much money has no excuse for such a continous screw up! Snuka was not working for Vince Sr in 1980, he was in the NWA feuding with Ric Flair as part of Gene Anderson's stable!)Disc 1Disc 1Chapters:Chapters:    * Bob Backlund vs. Pat Patterson    * Bruno Sammartino and Larry Zbyszko feud    * Bob Backlund vs. Jimmy Snuka    * Don Muraco vs. Jimmy Snuka    * Tully Blanchard vs. Magnum TA    * Hulk Hogan vs. Paul Orndorff    * Ric Flair vs. Ronnie Garvin    * Bret Hart vs. Owen Hart    * Isaac Yankem vs. Bret Hart    * Triple H vs. Mankind    * Triple H vs. The Rock    * Steve Austin vs. Vince McMahon    * WWF World tag team champions Edge & Christian vs. Hardy Boyz    * Kurt Angle vs. Chris Benoit    * Edge vs. Kurt Angle     * Edge vs. Kurt Angle DVD Extras:DVD Extras:    * WWF World champion Bob Backlund vs. Pat Patterson (clipped, 12:55 aired, 9/24/79)    * Bruno Sammartino vs. Ivan Koloff (9:02, 12/15/75)    * WWF Intercontinental champion Don Muraco vs. Jimmy Snuka (6:40, 10/17/83)    * WWF World champion Bob Backlund vs. Stan Hansen (8:44, 4/6/81)     * WWF World champion Bob Backlund vs. Stan Hansen (8:44, 4/6/81) Disc 2Disc 2Disc 2Over 3.5 hours of bonus material!Over 3.5 hours of bonus material!    * NWA U.S. champion Tully Blanchard vs. Magnum TA in an "I Quit" cage match (Magnum wins title, from Starrcade, 14:41, 11/28/85) *****    * NWA World champion Ric Flair vs. Dusty Rhodes (Rhodes wins title,from Great American Bash, 21:01, 7/26/86)    * NWA World tag team champions the Rock 'n' Roll Express vs. Ole & Arn Anderson (from Starrcade, 11:23, 11/27/86)    * WWF World champion Bret Hart vs. Owen Hart (from SummerSlam, 32:17, 8/29/94) *****    * Triple H vs. Mankind (from SummerSlam, 16:25, 8/3/97)    * WWF Intercontinental champion Shawn Michaels vs. Marty Jannetty (13:12, 1993)    * Edge vs. Kurt Angle (from Smackdown, 14:41, 5/30/02) ****1/4     * Edge vs. Kurt Angle (from Smackdown, 14:41, 5/30/02) ****1/4 Easter Eggs (hidden features):Easter Eggs (hidden features):    * Disc 1: Ending of the Ronnie Garvin NWA World title win over Ric Flair. Access it by going to the Chapters menu, scrolling down to the Flair vs. Garvin match, click right twice. You will see the final 3 minutes of Garvin's win. (9/25/87)    * Disc 2: See a special interview by Owen Hart prior to his match with Bret Hart. The interview takes place in an empty arena in anempty cage.Access it by going to the Extras menu, scrolling down to the Hart vs. Hart match, click right twice.     * Disc 2: See a special interview by Owen Hart prior to his match with Bret Hart. The interview takes place in an empty arena in anempty cage.Access it by going to the Extras menu, scrolling down to the Hart vs. Hart match, click right twice. Information:Information:    * Encoding: Region 1 (U.S. and Canada)    * Playstation 2 Compatibl
 Being a fan of Cesar, I expected something new and informative.Being a fan of Cesar, I expected something new and informative.This DVD is nothing more than a bunch of selected episodes from his series.  So, if you already have his episodes on DVD, don't buy this, unless you want the aggression-specific episodes on one disk
 The Forgotten starring Julianne Moore and Domnic West is a slow, tepid, and hard to grasp film. The previews for this film were better than the actual movie, I guess that's a bad sign that the movie isn't going to be great (I'll try and remember that next time). The only reason I am giving The Fogotten 2 stars is the scene with Alfe Woodward, you'll know what I mean when it happens, the scence is scary and comes out of nowhere, very intrguing spurprise awaits. Anyways The Forgotten is a movie you should see once and that's it, happy viewing
 This is one of the most boring movies I have ever seen.  I knew from the very beginning of the movie that there was no way I was going to be able to stay awake through the whole thing.  I was right; I fell asleep about fifteen minutes into it.  Recently, I was offered the chance to watch it again.  I thought, "OK, I didn't see the whole thing, it might have gotten better, so I'll give it another chance." ... Bad mistake.  This little tale about a horse race across a vast desert did nothing to hold my interest for very long.  Hidalgo is the name of the horse.  So what?  That's about as boring as this movie.  So why the 1-star markup? Cause the main character is played by Viggo Mortensen, of Aragorn fame in the smash movie series The Lord of the Rings- and I do like Viggo.  I did not, however, like this movie.  It's kind of fitting it should be set in a desert- cause that's exactly where this movie should be buried, never to bore another wave of audiences again.  If you find yourself overworked and in need of a nice long nap, watch Hidalgo; you'll be out in no time
 I have a 2 year old and have seen him on all the Kids Channels.  I was hoping the DVD would show each of his songs as they are performed on TV.  Instead it was like a concert and did not keep my attention nor my sons.  This would have been a better CD instead of a DV
 It is hard to believe that the same team that made Gettysburg made this verbose waste of time.  This movie almost guarantees that The Last Full Measure will never be filmed and that is a shame.It is hard to believe that the same team that made Gettysburg made this verbose waste of time.  This movie almost guarantees that The Last Full Measure will never be filmed and that is a shame.It was a mistake to take Stephen Lang and put him in the role of Jackson.  Jackson was considered, even by his contemporaries, a military genius but crazy by half.  The film missed the mark with their attempt to show his religious convictions and his devotion to duty.  Lang had him speaking in long winded prose that sounded like bad soap opera dialog desperately trying to be Shakespearean.  The prayer scene in the morning? PUKE!  It could have been a voice over with battles scenes or soldiers marching, or anything else rather than what became just a terrible scene.It was a mistake to take Stephen Lang and put him in the role of Jackson.  Jackson was considered, even by his contemporaries, a military genius but crazy by half.  The film missed the mark with their attempt to show his religious convictions and his devotion to duty.  Lang had him speaking in long winded prose that sounded like bad soap opera dialog desperately trying to be Shakespearean.  The prayer scene in the morning? PUKE!  It could have been a voice over with battles scenes or soldiers marching, or anything else rather than what became just a terrible scene.Most of the "women" folk of the south were equally sappy and long winded, and I hate to say it but I was glad when the too precocious for words overacting child died of scarlet fever I was glad to be rid of her.  Her scenes should have been left on the cutting room floor.  I get it Jackson was "such a warrior and a peaceful lover of children at the same time what a diametrically opposed individual" give me a break, I hate being force feed like that.  A better Director could have gotten the same point across quicker and more subtly.  Most of the "women" folk of the south were equally sappy and long winded, and I hate to say it but I was glad when the too precocious for words overacting child died of scarlet fever I was glad to be rid of her.  Her scenes should have been left on the cutting room floor.  I get it Jackson was "such a warrior and a peaceful lover of children at the same time what a diametrically opposed individual" give me a break, I hate being force feed like that.  A better Director could have gotten the same point across quicker and more subtly.  Then there is Chamberlain quoting Shakespeare while all around him look off to the distance with thousand yard stares.  Then there is Chamberlain quoting Shakespeare while all around him look off to the distance with thousand yard stares.  There is supposedly 4 to 6 hours of footage lying around to this film.  I would love to see it reworked by a better director into what it should have been.  A narrative like Gettysburg that goes back and forth between a few central characters in a logical sequence without all the ham fisted attempts a proselytizing and all the noblesse oblige.There is supposedly 4 to 6 hours of footage lying around to this film.  I would love to see it reworked by a better director into what it should have been.  A narrative like Gettysburg that goes back and forth between a few central characters in a logical sequence without all the ham fisted attempts a proselytizing and all the noblesse oblige.If you must see it borrow it, rent it, but don't waste money buying it unless it is in the $3 bin at the local dirtmart.If you must see it borrow it, rent it, but don't waste money buying it unless it is in the $3 bin at the local dirtmart.Gettysburg is much better.  I actually missed Sheen and I hate that guy
    Susan Ward,coming out of daytime and primetime soaps on TV, gave movie acting a try with this rather lame picture from AOL Films.    Director Mary Lambert tries and fails to give us a Basic Instinct story with zero script and while this was a studio pictures, it looks like Warners gave them a fairly low budget to work with.  As the lack of film sets show.   If you like Susan Ward, then give this a movie a try, if you want to hope that she gets better film roles in the future, DON"T FIND IT HERE
 I was really looking forward to this, I've seen Cheap Trick live, and they really put on a good show. I don't know how some of the other reviewers can give this 5 stars for audio. It is like listening to a concert in an empty warehouse - muffled audio, and underpowered vocals.   I have a 5.1 home system and this is probably the worst sounding concert DVD that I've ever heard. I'm giving it 2 stars because I think it was a good show to see live (if you were there), but the audio quality (or lack of it) ruined it for me
 Let me start off by saying that I have higher degrees in art, art history, music, and Romance languages -- so I am an admitted "art snob." Having said that, I would recommend that you try the Baby Einstein "Baby Van Gogh, World of Colors" and "Baby Mozart" videos instead of this Brainy Baby video.Let me start off by saying that I have higher degrees in art, art history, music, and Romance languages -- so I am an admitted "art snob." Having said that, I would recommend that you try the Baby Einstein "Baby Van Gogh, World of Colors" and "Baby Mozart" videos instead of this Brainy Baby video.I find this Brainy Baby video to be slow, boring, insipid, condescending, and visually uninteresting; I cannot wait to put in something else. Wait, you say, isn't this about the baby who is watching it? Well, I first realized that it is truly boring (and not "just me") by watching my 6-month-old's reaction to it. (She is now 10 months old, and still does not like it.) She consistently snubbed her nose at this video; she did not watch it for more than a few seconds at a time and always turned away to find something more interesting to do. She has never had this reaction to the Einstein videos I mentioned.I find this Brainy Baby video to be slow, boring, insipid, condescending, and visually uninteresting; I cannot wait to put in something else. Wait, you say, isn't this about the baby who is watching it? Well, I first realized that it is truly boring (and not "just me") by watching my 6-month-old's reaction to it. (She is now 10 months old, and still does not like it.) She consistently snubbed her nose at this video; she did not watch it for more than a few seconds at a time and always turned away to find something more interesting to do. She has never had this reaction to the Einstein videos I mentioned.I tried reintroducing this video every few weeks since she was 6 months old, thinking maybe she would grow to understand it better, but after 4 months of this approach, she still is not interested. However, the Einstein videos have captivated her from the beginning, and still do.I tried reintroducing this video every few weeks since she was 6 months old, thinking maybe she would grow to understand it better, but after 4 months of this approach, she still is not interested. However, the Einstein videos have captivated her from the beginning, and still do.Here are the specifics that I think are the problem. The visuals are weak and not bold/colorful enough. My daughter is bored by watching the other babies play with toys. The female voice-over is distracting and annoying, rather than engaging and instructional as intended. The flow is not as coherent as the Einstein videos, which are broken into little themes that make sense in each video. There is no charm or sense of humor, like the Einstein videos.Here are the specifics that I think are the problem. The visuals are weak and not bold/colorful enough. My daughter is bored by watching the other babies play with toys. The female voice-over is distracting and annoying, rather than engaging and instructional as intended. The flow is not as coherent as the Einstein videos, which are broken into little themes that make sense in each video. There is no charm or sense of humor, like the Einstein videos.No, I do not have any connection whatsoever to the Baby Einstein folks. I'm just saying that the Brainy Baby videos seem less professional and are not as engaging. If you're going to spend the money and spend your time watching a video with your baby, buy one that you and the baby will enjoy together
 The Long Long Trailer is a good movie but Too Many Girls is when Lucy and Desi were very young and thin but the movie Too Many Girls is awful and Forever Darling is awful
 My friend bought this set and so I was able to view it before purchasing it myself, and I WON'T be purchasing it. I had seen The Long, Long Trailer before and it was one of the most aggrivating movies I have ever seen; one of those films where you can't believe 2 people could be so dumb to do some of the things they do. We enjoy most of the I Love Lucy series, but there is a point where you can only take so much of those shows; the aggrivating ones, and this film was just an overly long aggrivating I Love Lucy episode. There is funny humor and aggrivating "humor" and this was definitely the 2nd type. My friend bought this set and so I was able to view it before purchasing it myself, and I WON'T be purchasing it. I had seen The Long, Long Trailer before and it was one of the most aggrivating movies I have ever seen; one of those films where you can't believe 2 people could be so dumb to do some of the things they do. We enjoy most of the I Love Lucy series, but there is a point where you can only take so much of those shows; the aggrivating ones, and this film was just an overly long aggrivating I Love Lucy episode. There is funny humor and aggrivating "humor" and this was definitely the 2nd type. Yes, it was interesting to see Lucy and Desi doing films together, but overall these films are just tolerable, and none are ones I would rewatch for enjoyment. Too Many Girls was definitely a B picture, really really bad in so many ways...poorly written script, cheap scenery; you never got the feeling they were in college, except at the football game, which seemed so similar to the football game the Marx Brothers participated in in Horse Feathers! Too much partying, singing, dancing; what was this school majoring in, theatre and opera?  It just is a really bad picture. Yes, neat to see Lucy and Desi and how they met, and see them so young together, but otherwise, a real time waster in my mind. The funniest thing on this disc was the cartoon extra!Yes, it was interesting to see Lucy and Desi doing films together, but overall these films are just tolerable, and none are ones I would rewatch for enjoyment. Too Many Girls was definitely a B picture, really really bad in so many ways...poorly written script, cheap scenery; you never got the feeling they were in college, except at the football game, which seemed so similar to the football game the Marx Brothers participated in in Horse Feathers! Too much partying, singing, dancing; what was this school majoring in, theatre and opera?  It just is a really bad picture. Yes, neat to see Lucy and Desi and how they met, and see them so young together, but otherwise, a real time waster in my mind. The funniest thing on this disc was the cartoon extra!Of the three, Forever, Darling is probably the best but again that seemed "lacking" somewhere. The color was that beautiful almost surreal 50's color that I like. The Yosemite scenery was beautiful too. But I think the angel stuff could have been much better developed; he was out of the scene too long at times. The part I liked best was Lucy imagining herself in the movie with James Mason because it was quite funny. But the camping trip was just a very predictable mishap time that was too much in the I Love Lucy mold and I was bored with it quickly.Of the three, Forever, Darling is probably the best but again that seemed "lacking" somewhere. The color was that beautiful almost surreal 50's color that I like. The Yosemite scenery was beautiful too. But I think the angel stuff could have been much better developed; he was out of the scene too long at times. The part I liked best was Lucy imagining herself in the movie with James Mason because it was quite funny. But the camping trip was just a very predictable mishap time that was too much in the I Love Lucy mold and I was bored with it quickly.I know die hard fans of Lucy and Desi will buy this no matter what, and that's fine. But for others, I advise you see them first...you may like them, but then you may see them for what they really are cinematically. There are lots better movies out there that I would rather buy! I Rate these 2 stars; one star to me is "torturous" to watch. These aren't THAT bad, but almost.
 I saw this movie a while back only because the family of the girl I was dating at the time was watching it and therefore was forced to sit down and watch it too. To this day,I pray I don't ever have to sit through 2 hours of crap that trashes the reputations of the average mexican-american again. As a mexican-american who has worked hard to take the right road in life,I was disturbed at the storyline of this wannabee classic. Do we really need to come out with a movie for all of America to see that shows a negative side of the mexican race? Prison sex? Babies drinking beer? Young kids doing a drive by? Mexicans killing innocent blacks and vice versa? Please!!!! Wake up mexicans-americans! We need some positivity!!!!! Edward James Olmos said he made this movie because he wanted to send a message. What message? That doing the things shown in this movie are bad? I think we knew that already! What surprises me alot is all the positive reviews on Amazon that this movie got. This of course means that no matter how much sense I have made,it is more than likely that no one will find my review helpful. P.S....Let us not forget that I am not the only one who thinks negative about this film. Several consultants involved in this film were murdered by individual(s) out there who found the movie offensive. Edward James Olmos himself was the center of threats following the release of this movie. Adios amigos!!!
 I watched about fifeteen minutes before I got enough.  It was so un-Biblical it was insulting.  Besides that, it's a bore
 Maybe it's just me, but I really don't see the appeal of this movie. It's an incredibly small production (3 actors comprise nearly the entire film), with very low production values. Norman Reedus gives by far the weakest performance as the hitchhiker, but Alan Rickman and Polly Walker are not at their finest, either. (And I am an Alan Rickman fan just like anyone else who would even consider watching this movie.) If you are an Alan Rickman fan, chances are you've already seen your fair share of horrible and incomprehensible movies that leave you wondering why an accomplished actor would choose them. And Dark Harbor is just one more of these. Don't let the promise of a "nude scene" convince you to buy this movie - honestly, Alan Rickman is better appreciated with his clothes on. As far as the movie is concerned, the plot is unoriginal and not particularly engaging. It is a very dialogue-heavy film and the dialogue is not well-written enough to carry it off.
 I have seen many pathetic films in my life. This topped them. Did I rate one star? Sorry- I meant negative 11 stars. It was the absolute worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life. It was a total waste of three hours when I could have been sleeping. There was no point. The script and storyline were pathetic. The gore was overdone- too much blood, killing, and the like. It was totally historically inaccurate, and the Civil War scenes were so grossly unrealistic that it was laughable. All Civil War veterans are rolling over in their graves. Any scene that was supposed to be touching was pathetic. One of the abolsute bombs was when Clint Eastwood fires off a canon twice with his cigar- yet he does not even load it- either time. And somehow, without even aiming the canon, he knocks his 'friend' off his horse. I have seen many pathetic films in my life. This topped them. Did I rate one star? Sorry- I meant negative 11 stars. It was the absolute worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life. It was a total waste of three hours when I could have been sleeping. There was no point. The script and storyline were pathetic. The gore was overdone- too much blood, killing, and the like. It was totally historically inaccurate, and the Civil War scenes were so grossly unrealistic that it was laughable. All Civil War veterans are rolling over in their graves. Any scene that was supposed to be touching was pathetic. One of the abolsute bombs was when Clint Eastwood fires off a canon twice with his cigar- yet he does not even load it- either time. And somehow, without even aiming the canon, he knocks his 'friend' off his horse. The movie is a failure. F-A-I-L-U-R-E. Crappy. Junky. Just plain DUMB. STUPID. PATHETIC.The movie is a failure. F-A-I-L-U-R-E. Crappy. Junky. Just plain DUMB. STUPID. PATHETIC.I am not going to waste any more words on it. Just....whatever you do....save your money. Don't buy it. It's not worth 50 cents
 I am not going to waste any more words on it. Just....whatever you do....save your money. Don't buy it. It's not worth 50 centsOkay, it's not high art but this film has something to say all be it in a round about fashion.  It does make the viewer wonder about modern medicine and how it can possibly affect those who take it on a regular basis.  On the other hand, the film lacks true suspense.  I was hoping for an explosive opening scene when the baby is first born and instead was offered a yawn.  The baby itself is about as scary as fozzy bear and while there is some blood flow it is kept to a minimum.  The pacing is too slow at times and it just doesn't stand up that well today.  The actors who took part in this didn't go anywhere say for the father who went on to appear in the sequel.  Why there was a sequel is beyond me.  I recall how frightening the commercial was for this film when it first came out but I was only five at the time.  At the most this is a rent not a buy.  I guess good for it's time but perhaps a re-make would pump some needed life into the story.
 This straight-to-video's modest budget is attested to by the fact that while most of the action is supposed to take place at a large state prison, this prison only seems to house about 12 inmates. The plot is that old but reliable one about a man posing as a prisoner so he can go "undercover" and solve a crime. The crime in this case is not especially interesting and it's resolved in much too pat a fashion. However, leading man Tommy Lee Thomas looks good with his shirt off, (though he seems too small to be throwing his weight around), and there's a torture scene, (modeled on the one in "Lethal Weapon"), in which he's hanged by his wrists and zapped with electric shocks. Mr. Thomas' performance may not be of Oscar caliber but he does know how to yell. 
 Pinocchio       -     24.50101 Dalmatians  -     19.99Mulan           -     22.49Hercules        -     22.49Peter Pan       -     29.99Lion King .. not LKII 22.49Lady and the Tramp    24.00Jungle Book     -     22.99Little Mermaid  -     18.99Little Mermaid  -     18.99Grand Total:    -     207.93Grand Total:    -     207.93All of them are special editions and I've not the listed reduced private seller price, thats the straight up corporate sham price. I regularly shop for awards/trophys and I couldn't imagine a pretty case with plate gold finish costing more than 80 bucks thats 287.93 You could still take your sweetheart to the movies and Benigans for some baked potato soup for this inflated price. I'm not sure .. But I don't THINK this case is platinum, makes you look any younger, make you fly or will help you sleep better so .. I think I've made my point
 AND THAT IS BORING AND SNOBISH!  I watched the first two hours of this and coudn't keep awake.  The narritor's voice was monotone. I wanted to shout at his pompous, snobish demeanor SHUT UP!!  In my opinion is not the proper way to educate is to entertain at all god's peoples. With the narritor, granted he is educated but does he have to shove his creditals and his attitude from the gecko. When you take people on a educating journey (such as nine hours long) invite them like you would invite into a warm a loving welcoming home. I felt with his demeanor and atitude felt beat up and like I was crawling on my hands and knees through out the first two hours. I am not watching the rest of the seven hours and returning this DVD set back to the library and saying "Check Please".
 I was disappointed after the first 30 minutes and realized this was a bad knock off between "The Gospel" and "The Fighting Temptations".  I would not recommend purchasing.  You are better off renting
   I've been waiting for this season, literally, for years.  It contained (notice the past tense) the funniest scene ever in the entire run of the show.  It was in the emergency clinic in the episode "My Sister, My Sitter" where the scene pans around showing the patients.  Smithers appears holding an empty gerbil cage and is the only patient not sitting down.  When I first saw that, many years ago, I literally rolled off of the couch with laughter as my wife stared at me like I needed a padded room.  She didn't even understand the joke when I explained it as an alternate lifestyle practice of "hiding" the rodent so as to make sitting down more than a little uncomfortable.  This DVD cut has been cut and makes Smithers reply about not letting Lisa ahead of him make no sense.  One of my favorite things about the Simpsons was that they didn't care who they offended.  Well they went PC and now I'm highly offended!  If they hadn't messed with it I would give them 5 stars, or more realistically I wouldn't have bothered to write this review.  Quit tampering with the show, FOX!!
 Please think this DVD is recorded in 1986. More worse, this is recorded as a documentary. Sound quality is worst. After I bought this and DVD of &quot;Company&quot; (same, worst sound quality DOCUMENTARY), I suspect the word &quot;concert&quot; or &quot;soundtrack&quot; in DVD title
 Rather than give another general review as others have kindly done,  my review focuses on one aspect of the film, indeed one character, that of Martha. Rather than give another general review as others have kindly done,  my review focuses on one aspect of the film, indeed one character, that of Martha. Martha Dunstock is known throughout the film as Martha Dumptruck. Even the film credits include the nickname `Dumptruck' besides the character's surname (evidently feeling the need to labour the point). Portrayed as unattractive and pathetically grateful for any attention she is given, she unwittingly provides the Slater character with information enabling him to murder a student. Later, when the cult status of the `suicides' (that is, murdered students) becomes apparent, Martha attempts her own suicide by walking into the path of traffic. But her attempt is shown as a failure. At the end of the film Martha is bruised and now disabled, in an electric wheelchair. Ryder's character, having finished her voyage of self-realisation, rejects the school Prom night and instead invites Martha to stay in with a video and popcorn. Martha gratefully accepts and the closing scenes show Ryder walking along the corridor while Martha encircles her like a planet around the sun.Martha Dunstock is known throughout the film as Martha Dumptruck. Even the film credits include the nickname `Dumptruck' besides the character's surname (evidently feeling the need to labour the point). Portrayed as unattractive and pathetically grateful for any attention she is given, she unwittingly provides the Slater character with information enabling him to murder a student. Later, when the cult status of the `suicides' (that is, murdered students) becomes apparent, Martha attempts her own suicide by walking into the path of traffic. But her attempt is shown as a failure. At the end of the film Martha is bruised and now disabled, in an electric wheelchair. Ryder's character, having finished her voyage of self-realisation, rejects the school Prom night and instead invites Martha to stay in with a video and popcorn. Martha gratefully accepts and the closing scenes show Ryder walking along the corridor while Martha encircles her like a planet around the sun.The image of Martha in her wheelchair, an object of pity for Ryder and for the audience, signifies to us fears of being different, of not being beautiful, of not being loved and respected. Martha is the person we are all frightened of becoming. She is given no means of solving her predicament by the film maker. And though some of us in the audience may be fat, or disabled, or both, we may yet still fear Martha, and are invited to consider Ryder's protagonist's journey of self discovery as our own, even is in physical and social reality, we are more like Martha.The image of Martha in her wheelchair, an object of pity for Ryder and for the audience, signifies to us fears of being different, of not being beautiful, of not being loved and respected. Martha is the person we are all frightened of becoming. She is given no means of solving her predicament by the film maker. And though some of us in the audience may be fat, or disabled, or both, we may yet still fear Martha, and are invited to consider Ryder's protagonist's journey of self discovery as our own, even is in physical and social reality, we are more like Martha.For this reason, `Heathers' fails as an exploration of the `Hell' of High School ( a description often used by Buffy/Angel/ Firefly's Joss Whedon). Those in the audience NOT as thin and complying with Western standards of `beauty' as the protagonists (probably the majority of us) ultimately may find the so-called subversion of cruel hierarchy in this film just that little too shallow, leaving a bitter after-taste. The way `fat' people are portrayed in films such as these unfortunately often reflect the predictable, transparent and absurd fixations of the film makers. Sadly this is happening even today - in some ways it has gotten even worse since the Western World decided to wage a 'war on fat' (to quote Paul Campos) - and even at best it is lazy film-making.
 Dull, dull, dull.If I could have submitted a review and given ZERO stars I would have.Pointless
 How High is a film that lends nothing, I repeat, nothing to the film community at large.  I have read some critics that say that this film introduced a whole new generation to the Cheech & Chong of the new millennium with the Redman/Method Man pairing.  While most seem to agree that this is a horrible film, very few of them mention how utterly racist the overall experience happens to be.  When I use the word racist, I mean that it builds upon the degenerate clichs that African Americans struggle with on a daily basis with our society.  While there were elements in this film that seemed like there was some reverse racism occurring, what struck me hardest in the face was how embarrassing Method Man and Redman must be to both the film community, but also to their own culture.  I have a very open mind when it comes to social issues as well as films, but this one left my jaw on the floor several times.  The blatant swings at African American stereotypes were meant to be a source of humor for director Jesse Dylan, but instead fell flat on their embarrassed face.  Humor was in very short supply in this film due to the ethnic stereotype clichs that seemed to be used nearly every second of this film.  Nothing was original.  Nothing was exciting.How High is a film that lends nothing, I repeat, nothing to the film community at large.  I have read some critics that say that this film introduced a whole new generation to the Cheech & Chong of the new millennium with the Redman/Method Man pairing.  While most seem to agree that this is a horrible film, very few of them mention how utterly racist the overall experience happens to be.  When I use the word racist, I mean that it builds upon the degenerate clichs that African Americans struggle with on a daily basis with our society.  While there were elements in this film that seemed like there was some reverse racism occurring, what struck me hardest in the face was how embarrassing Method Man and Redman must be to both the film community, but also to their own culture.  I have a very open mind when it comes to social issues as well as films, but this one left my jaw on the floor several times.  The blatant swings at African American stereotypes were meant to be a source of humor for director Jesse Dylan, but instead fell flat on their embarrassed face.  Humor was in very short supply in this film due to the ethnic stereotype clichs that seemed to be used nearly every second of this film.  Nothing was original.  Nothing was exciting.Was the pairing of Redman and Method Man an idea of comedic proportions?  I think not.  As you can tell from their short lived series after the release of this film, the corporate world wanted to cash in on these two rappers, but soon realized that they were not as bankable as they thought.  Why?  Method Man and Redman, who completely different people, were nothing more than the same character in this film.  With the very subtle hints of Method Man being smarter, nothing could separate the equality of these two characters.  That is why they failed as a comic team.  Think of Matthau and Lemmon or the above example of Cheech & Chong, what made these teams work while the How High team crashed and burned?  What worked the best were the differences that uniquely drew the pair together.  Their differences made us laugh and sympathetically brought them together, but with Method Man and Redman, they were the same.  I was watching the same two characters fight through the same two challenges in this film. What tried to be funny instead transformed into repetitive.  What Dylan did to counter the similarity between Redman/Method Man was bring in obscure secondary characters that added nothing to the flimsy plot or helped us feel emotion for our two main characters.  The clich jock, the clich frat boy, the clich Asian (which was again another racist moment), and the clich rich white boy, just felt and were old.  Watch college films from the 70s and you will see these same combinations, but what makes the films from the 70s different is that they used them with originality.  How High, from beginning to end, was anything but original.Was the pairing of Redman and Method Man an idea of comedic proportions?  I think not.  As you can tell from their short lived series after the release of this film, the corporate world wanted to cash in on these two rappers, but soon realized that they were not as bankable as they thought.  Why?  Method Man and Redman, who completely different people, were nothing more than the same character in this film.  With the very subtle hints of Method Man being smarter, nothing could separate the equality of these two characters.  That is why they failed as a comic team.  Think of Matthau and Lemmon or the above example of Cheech & Chong, what made these teams work while the How High team crashed and burned?  What worked the best were the differences that uniquely drew the pair together.  Their differences made us laugh and sympathetically brought them together, but with Method Man and Redman, they were the same.  I was watching the same two characters fight through the same two challenges in this film. What tried to be funny instead transformed into repetitive.  What Dylan did to counter the similarity between Redman/Method Man was bring in obscure secondary characters that added nothing to the flimsy plot or helped us feel emotion for our two main characters.  The clich jock, the clich frat boy, the clich Asian (which was again another racist moment), and the clich rich white boy, just felt and were old.  Watch college films from the 70s and you will see these same combinations, but what makes the films from the 70s different is that they used them with originality.  How High, from beginning to end, was anything but original.I must admit, after watching this film of which Harvard was willing to loan their name to, I don't want to go to Harvard.  They should have pondered the effects this film would have upon their prestige heritage.  How High is a dark spot in Harvard's history.  Do you know what makes it even worse?  This film wasn't even created at or anywhere near Harvard.  Again, Dylan was cutting corners to create a false sense of realism that continued to hurt this film.  How High has no redeeming qualities.  Ooops, I stand corrected.  The only smile that was ever created on my face during this film was when Spalding Gray spoke.  How did they get him and Fred Willard to do this film?  I have said it once, I will say it again, some actors just need their bills paid.  Inconsistency, incompetence, and aggravation seemed to be the hidden themes of this dud.  What destroyed this film further is that if you take the actors away and look at the story in general, it is nothing.  There is no original story at all with How High.  Going to college, working for your grades, winning over the heart of the President right at the last minute - this was nothing short of a "cut and paste" film that had no backbone and horrid acting!I must admit, after watching this film of which Harvard was willing to loan their name to, I don't want to go to Harvard.  They should have pondered the effects this film would have upon their prestige heritage.  How High is a dark spot in Harvard's history.  Do you know what makes it even worse?  This film wasn't even created at or anywhere near Harvard.  Again, Dylan was cutting corners to create a false sense of realism that continued to hurt this film.  How High has no redeeming qualities.  Ooops, I stand corrected.  The only smile that was ever created on my face during this film was when Spalding Gray spoke.  How did they get him and Fred Willard to do this film?  I have said it once, I will say it again, some actors just need their bills paid.  Inconsistency, incompetence, and aggravation seemed to be the hidden themes of this dud.  What destroyed this film further is that if you take the actors away and look at the story in general, it is nothing.  There is no original story at all with How High.  Going to college, working for your grades, winning over the heart of the President right at the last minute - this was nothing short of a "cut and paste" film that had no backbone and horrid acting!I do not like Jesse Dylan's style of directing.  While I think Kicking and Screaming is his prized film (due greatly to Will Ferrell), all of his films seem to be extremely choppy with the editing and are randomly interjected with an overdose of unnecessary scenes.  The John Adams scene in How High is a prime example.  The Benjamin Franklin moments is another.  The unconcluded "Truth Serum" can be considered another.  How High was just scene after scene of inconsistency.  Lumpy oatmeal would win first place before this film would ever be congratulated!  I blame a majority of the issues with this film on Jesse Dylan.  If he would have tightened the script, created unique and "cult-like" characters, and eliminated the racism, he may have had the quintessential "weed" film in Hollywood.  Now, all he has is a violent case of the munchies and nothing to show for.  Sad.I do not like Jesse Dylan's style of directing.  While I think Kicking and Screaming is his prized film (due greatly to Will Ferrell), all of his films seem to be extremely choppy with the editing and are randomly interjected with an overdose of unnecessary scenes.  The John Adams scene in How High is a prime example.  The Benjamin Franklin moments is another.  The unconcluded "Truth Serum" can be considered another.  How High was just scene after scene of inconsistency.  Lumpy oatmeal would win first place before this film would ever be congratulated!  I blame a majority of the issues with this film on Jesse Dylan.  If he would have tightened the script, created unique and "cult-like" characters, and eliminated the racism, he may have had the quintessential "weed" film in Hollywood.  Now, all he has is a violent case of the munchies and nothing to show for.  Sad.Overall, this was one of the worst films that I have witnessed.  Never have I been so emotionally charged about the racist moments in this film as I have with How High.  The actors, all around, were horrible.  The story had no legs to stand on and it became very obvious after the opening credits that unless you were either 10 to 15 years of age, this film would never be considered a comedy.  Nothing was funny.  Nothing will make you laugh.  The only part worth enjoying in this film is the ending credits.  The ending credits give you a chance to walk away and forget this part of your cinematic life.Overall, this was one of the worst films that I have witnessed.  Never have I been so emotionally charged about the racist moments in this film as I have with How High.  The actors, all around, were horrible.  The story had no legs to stand on and it became very obvious after the opening credits that unless you were either 10 to 15 years of age, this film would never be considered a comedy.  Nothing was funny.  Nothing will make you laugh.  The only part worth enjoying in this film is the ending credits.  The ending credits give you a chance to walk away and forget this part of your cinematic life.Grade: * out of ****
 I'm guessing that many of the reviewers are watching this movie through a haze of childhood nostalgia. I had not seen this movie as a child; those that say it's faithful to the book must have read something other than Lewis Carroll's Alice. However, the kitsch value is considerable; cheezy music and costumes, pure 1985. That being said, the Jabberwock was pretty cool in that "Godzilla-man-in-the-rubber-suit" sort of way. Also, the set design was very handsome. It's too bad that the lighting technology of the time couldn't have been more varied; everything looks somewhat flat and two dimensional. The film that comes closest to Tenniel's original Alice illustrations is the 1933 Paramount b & w version; it's not available on dvd but occasionally turns up on Turner Classics
 ...just like Hollywood and just like the music industry which, I guess, is the point.  ...just like Hollywood and just like the music industry which, I guess, is the point.  John Travolta, playing on his character from Get Shorty (and, to a lesser degree, like his character in Pulp Fiction and Swordfish) is Mr. Cool.  This time he's trying to make it big in the music biz.  He discovers a new talent (artist Christina Milian) and works his way through an assortment of characters that are more types and cliches than real characters.  John Travolta, playing on his character from Get Shorty (and, to a lesser degree, like his character in Pulp Fiction and Swordfish) is Mr. Cool.  This time he's trying to make it big in the music biz.  He discovers a new talent (artist Christina Milian) and works his way through an assortment of characters that are more types and cliches than real characters.  A brand name cast and yet no one makes any more than a dent on the personality radar.  The dialogue seems forced, funnier on the script than on the screen and most scenes feel posed and sterile.  Most of the actors appeared as bored as many celebrities are outside of their media personae.  Aside from a few interesting moments, only one speech toward the end made by Cedric the Entertainer redeemed the film.  A brand name cast and yet no one makes any more than a dent on the personality radar.  The dialogue seems forced, funnier on the script than on the screen and most scenes feel posed and sterile.  Most of the actors appeared as bored as many celebrities are outside of their media personae.  Aside from a few interesting moments, only one speech toward the end made by Cedric the Entertainer redeemed the film.  It's like a big commercial (which, I suppose, is any Hollywood film).  Certain musicians get shameless plugs (Steven Tyler and Aerosmith, included in the film), various movies get shameless plugs (including, in a not so disguised fashion, Get Shorty), certain Hollywood landmarks (e.g. the Mann Chinese Theater) are plopped into the film like a tourist video and even the L.A. Lakers and the Staples Center get a plug.  It's like a big commercial (which, I suppose, is any Hollywood film).  Certain musicians get shameless plugs (Steven Tyler and Aerosmith, included in the film), various movies get shameless plugs (including, in a not so disguised fashion, Get Shorty), certain Hollywood landmarks (e.g. the Mann Chinese Theater) are plopped into the film like a tourist video and even the L.A. Lakers and the Staples Center get a plug.  It's an attempt to play on the irony of making a film about making a film or, in this case, making a musician.  So we watch Travolta as Mr. Cool navigating the landscape of the music industry to give Christina Milian her sudden and instantaneous rise to the top of the charts.  The ending is so horribly cheesy I felt as if I was watching American Idol.It's an attempt to play on the irony of making a film about making a film or, in this case, making a musician.  So we watch Travolta as Mr. Cool navigating the landscape of the music industry to give Christina Milian her sudden and instantaneous rise to the top of the charts.  The ending is so horribly cheesy I felt as if I was watching American Idol.Watchable, but barely.Watchable, but barely.The Player covered this terrain so much better. 
 Thankfully I watched this movie having recorded it on my DVR so I could fast forward through most of the scenes with Uma Thurman and John Travolta.  Their scenes and dialogue were so horrible that fast forward was the only way to get through the movie.  Besides, this is not the kind of movie that you really need their dialogue to understand or enjoy it.  Thankfully I watched this movie having recorded it on my DVR so I could fast forward through most of the scenes with Uma Thurman and John Travolta.  Their scenes and dialogue were so horrible that fast forward was the only way to get through the movie.  Besides, this is not the kind of movie that you really need their dialogue to understand or enjoy it.  As usual, Uma's acting is simply dreadful. I tend to avoid any movie with her in it because I know it will be bad.  How she became a "star" in Hollywood is beyond me.  She is not attractive nor can she act.  She could have been replaced by a nobody and it wouldn't have changed the movie one bit.  I think when they need an actress who doesn't mind playing drivel roles, they call her. John Travolta is not much better.  His version of "cool" just doesn't do it for me. His diction is becoming more slurred as the years go by that I hate to hear him speak.  And someone please tell Uma and John that nobdody wants to see them dance so please just stop finding reasons to do so.  As usual, Uma's acting is simply dreadful. I tend to avoid any movie with her in it because I know it will be bad.  How she became a "star" in Hollywood is beyond me.  She is not attractive nor can she act.  She could have been replaced by a nobody and it wouldn't have changed the movie one bit.  I think when they need an actress who doesn't mind playing drivel roles, they call her. John Travolta is not much better.  His version of "cool" just doesn't do it for me. His diction is becoming more slurred as the years go by that I hate to hear him speak.  And someone please tell Uma and John that nobdody wants to see them dance so please just stop finding reasons to do so.  The ONLY reason I gave this movie 2 stars is because of The Rock and Vince Vaughn.  Their roles were priceless and had me laughing all throughout the movie.  I never grew tired of Vaughn pimping and The Rock primping.  While I fast forwarded through Uma and Travolta's scenes, I tended to rewind during Rock's and Vaughn's scenes; they were so funny I had to see them again.  Cedric the Entertainer was also pretty good.  The ONLY reason I gave this movie 2 stars is because of The Rock and Vince Vaughn.  Their roles were priceless and had me laughing all throughout the movie.  I never grew tired of Vaughn pimping and The Rock primping.  While I fast forwarded through Uma and Travolta's scenes, I tended to rewind during Rock's and Vaughn's scenes; they were so funny I had to see them again.  Cedric the Entertainer was also pretty good.  
 This was a wishy washy attempt at the truth. The facts are there in parts and pieces, but it was not really put together well. Some of the choices of material are questionable as being truly valuable to the topic. This DVD had an agenda and is not unbiased, and I think it failed at it's overall agenda. There is more than enough information pre-9/11 and post-9/11 to put together something more worthy and accurate than this DVD has attempted to do. If this is the best contrasting evidence to the bush administration that can be produced after all that has happened in the white house and beyond, we are truly in trouble. The truth is out there, and I think this DVD tripped over them and kept walking without looking down and gathering all the facts together. There were plenty of important facts and things said worth listening to on this DVD, but this DVD is maybe worth a glance, but not a long hard look.
 A tribute is defined as "a gift or other acknowledgement of gratitude, respect, or admiration."  That is what you have here.But, if you want a true picture of that incredible morning, don't waste your time and money, look elsewhere
 Well you know the drill. Some people will like anything that is "artsy" or "out of the ordinary" or "made by that great director". Its a different kind of herd but a herd nevertheless.Well you know the drill. Some people will like anything that is "artsy" or "out of the ordinary" or "made by that great director". Its a different kind of herd but a herd nevertheless.The movie is about incest. It is about sex and adolescence. And, ironically, it is some kind of a parody of the very crowd that is giving this movie rave reviews. The best part of this movie is Eva Green. Or, more precisely, Eva Green's body. I didn't care about her acting (I thought it was mediocre). I just sat there and drunk her body in, wishing that I was that lucky actor (whats his name again?). The only reason to watch this movie is Eva Green. If she was indeed exploited by the elderly director with an intimidating reputation, then I am glad it happened. The movie is visually rich. In fact, its so rich that Bertolucci seems to be masturbating his sensibilities for us all to see. But I will take it. He captures and celebrates Eve Green's stunning body - every square millimeter of it(including her genitals - the movie is NC17 for a reason), to perfection. Other than that, there is nothing else in the movie. The story is utterly insipid, the old movie clips, the "discussion" of morality or whatever ... nothing interesting. The music is another plus point.The movie is about incest. It is about sex and adolescence. And, ironically, it is some kind of a parody of the very crowd that is giving this movie rave reviews. The best part of this movie is Eva Green. Or, more precisely, Eva Green's body. I didn't care about her acting (I thought it was mediocre). I just sat there and drunk her body in, wishing that I was that lucky actor (whats his name again?). The only reason to watch this movie is Eva Green. If she was indeed exploited by the elderly director with an intimidating reputation, then I am glad it happened. The movie is visually rich. In fact, its so rich that Bertolucci seems to be masturbating his sensibilities for us all to see. But I will take it. He captures and celebrates Eve Green's stunning body - every square millimeter of it(including her genitals - the movie is NC17 for a reason), to perfection. Other than that, there is nothing else in the movie. The story is utterly insipid, the old movie clips, the "discussion" of morality or whatever ... nothing interesting. The music is another plus point.Bottomline, watch it for Eva Green's body. It deserves five stars. But the movie deserves only two
 Having been a teenager once, I can certainly understand the inner turmoil and angst teens experience.  However, in PUMP UP THE VOLUME, the movie's attempt to martyrize teens and make all adults look like uncaring morons only serves to underscore why so many adults look with disdain on teens.  The teens in this movie seem to have little respect for authority and their assignation as to being tortured and misunderstood is vanquished in their juvenile behavior.  Even our hero (well played by Christian Slater) cannot communicate with people on a one to one level; he instead decides to become some kind of salvation to his teens by using his pirated radio shows to cause some kind of uprising among them.  As a proponent of truth, he is a vapid antithesis of truth: he fakes masturbation to arouse the youths; he doesn't use his real name or voice; and on a call with a potential suicide victim, he treats the caller as someone who isn't serious and never really offers any kind of consolation.  The suicidal teen says he is lonely and we automatically assume he is lonely within his familial structure, but isn't he just as lonely with the peers who mourn him after his demise?  The adults are played almost as caricatures and the teens as misunderstood heroes.  Sorry, folks, been there done that...living at any age requires a commitment to better yourself and do what you feel is right.  Questioning authority without any viable alternatives, as none of these teens do, merely escalates the generational gap, and movies like this are merely attempts to exploit the so called misunderstanding of youth
 Roger Ebert, a review I greatly respect and normally agree with, raved about this flick.  Roger, I love you, but you missed the boat on this one.Roger Ebert, a review I greatly respect and normally agree with, raved about this flick.  Roger, I love you, but you missed the boat on this one.I'm not going to review the plot because it's been done by several reviewers already.  Suffice it to say, David Lynch didn't get enough of symbolism interpretation in freshman English ("Okay, class, who wants to discuss the meaning of the impaled pig's head on page 72 in Lord of the Flies?  David, how about you?") and now want to inflict it on you, the unwitting movie watching public.  Thanks, Mr. Lynch, but I'll pass.  I didn't enjoy figuring out the obscure symbolism in page after page of Crime and Punishment and I didn't enjoy it in scene after scene of Mulholland Drive.   I'm not going to review the plot because it's been done by several reviewers already.  Suffice it to say, David Lynch didn't get enough of symbolism interpretation in freshman English ("Okay, class, who wants to discuss the meaning of the impaled pig's head on page 72 in Lord of the Flies?  David, how about you?") and now want to inflict it on you, the unwitting movie watching public.  Thanks, Mr. Lynch, but I'll pass.  I didn't enjoy figuring out the obscure symbolism in page after page of Crime and Punishment and I didn't enjoy it in scene after scene of Mulholland Drive.   To add insult to injury, Lynch prides himself on putting scenes in his movie that make absolutely no sense, rationalizing it by saying life often doesn't make sense.  This habit of his is less noticible in this film than, say, Twin Peaks, mostly because the whole film is for the most part senseless.  Yeah, it's true that a lot of things are absurd in my own life, but more along the lines of "...I would've won Powerball this week except I spent my lottery money on a scented candle at the RenFaire, what the heck was I thinking..." or "...I wasted 2 1/2 hours of my life watching this dumb movie, what the heck was I thinking..." but I've yet to be visited by scrawny cowboy or a wheelchaired dwarf.  I must live a sheltered life or something.To add insult to injury, Lynch prides himself on putting scenes in his movie that make absolutely no sense, rationalizing it by saying life often doesn't make sense.  This habit of his is less noticible in this film than, say, Twin Peaks, mostly because the whole film is for the most part senseless.  Yeah, it's true that a lot of things are absurd in my own life, but more along the lines of "...I would've won Powerball this week except I spent my lottery money on a scented candle at the RenFaire, what the heck was I thinking..." or "...I wasted 2 1/2 hours of my life watching this dumb movie, what the heck was I thinking..." but I've yet to be visited by scrawny cowboy or a wheelchaired dwarf.  I must live a sheltered life or something.Lynch also forbids chapter cuts in his DVD, believing his movie must be watched in its entirety, or not at all (I'd advise the second.)  To be fair, in this case I don't think he's motivated entirely by a exaggerated sense of importance, but rather by the knowledge that every male, if given the chance, would overshoot most of the movie and focus on the hot chick on chick action.  C'mon all you 5 star givers, admit it!  You find the movie pretentious and silly, but the topless scenes more than make up for all the drippy pseudo-art!  Lynch also forbids chapter cuts in his DVD, believing his movie must be watched in its entirety, or not at all (I'd advise the second.)  To be fair, in this case I don't think he's motivated entirely by a exaggerated sense of importance, but rather by the knowledge that every male, if given the chance, would overshoot most of the movie and focus on the hot chick on chick action.  C'mon all you 5 star givers, admit it!  You find the movie pretentious and silly, but the topless scenes more than make up for all the drippy pseudo-art!  To reiterate, if I wanted to see a boring and pointless dream sequence I'll rewatch Dallas - if I wanted to see a nice rack I'll take my top off and look in the mirror.  Who needs Mulholland Drive
 This picture had some good potential but the director tried too hard hard to make it some kind of arthouse flick. A rather pointless attempt to remake Brewster's Millions with an altuistic slant. It wasn't a "bad" movie it simply wasn't a "good" one. Boooooooring...zzzz..zzzz..zzz
 This movie is for liberals what the Left Behind book series is for Christian conservatives, it portrays reality how they want to see it. Its like they wanted to make a good story but tried too hard to cram as much PC political propaganda in as possible and ended up ruining it. Entertaining in some parts but pretty dumb overall IMO
 This movie was a weak effort by Capra, who directed it, and the star, Gary Cooper. It's a good story, just poorly directed (Capra can't hit a home run every time). I found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on. And no extra features on the dvd, at least none to speak of
 I never saw this movie until i was 16. The girl i was dating at the time loved this movie. The rocky horror picture show was number one on her list so i tend to compare this one to that one not that the storys are similar in any way. But they do have one thing in common they are both horrible movies. I did give this movie two stars because it had some slightly entertaining moments, well so did fraggle rock! fraggle rock got cancelled for a reason! everyone burn your copies now
 Did Nicholson read the script before signing for this movie? Was he broke that he had to act? Has he reached senility to accept to play in such a poor scenario?Well, as a fan, I am totally disappointed. Don't waste your money for this, it is not worth
 I turned it off after 20 minutes
 If they're releasing 2 volumes per season, doesn't that mean that there will be 18 sets since the show was on 9 years? At $35 a volume that's over $600.00!
 I don't know how this skunk got 4 and 1/2 stars on Amazon let alone one!  I could hear Hepburn, Bogart and Holden rolling over with a resounding boom.  I think this is mainly because of Ford's Linus.  He is a very unsympathetic character in this remake.  The film critics said that, while the original Sabrina was about her transformation, this version was about Linus' transformation.  But here Linus shows no transformation that you can really see.  His explanation to Sabrina for his deceitful romancing at the end- "There was a merger, and you were in the way.  No hard feelings" is very cold compared with Bogart's "Would you believe I enjoyed every minute of it?"  In the original, you get the feeling that Sabrina gets the right man; you don't get that here at all
 For what purpose these lies about the life of this man? Are the liberal film makers racists who don't believe that there is a good black man to depict on film so they have to lie? If someone wanted to write fiction about a badass black fighter on the cusp of super stardom who is framed for a murder then be my guest. Hurricane carter is not and was not that man.For what purpose these lies about the life of this man? Are the liberal film makers racists who don't believe that there is a good black man to depict on film so they have to lie? If someone wanted to write fiction about a badass black fighter on the cusp of super stardom who is framed for a murder then be my guest. Hurricane carter is not and was not that man.Facts:In the movie denzel washington is shown in military garb with more medals on his cheat than colin powell. They want to drive home the point that here was a man who served his country and is now about to be screwed by it. Fact is carter was kicked out of the army after being court mashalled 4 times!In the movie denzel washington is shown in military garb with more medals on his cheat than colin powell. They want to drive home the point that here was a man who served his country and is now about to be screwed by it. Fact is carter was kicked out of the army after being court mashalled 4 times!In a title fight scence with an italian american fighter named giodello carter is depictied as beating this man pillar to post only to be screwed out of the decision he so richly deserved. Fact, giardello deserved to win that fight according to the overwhelming number of experts who have viewed it then and now on tape. The depitction is another lie.In a title fight scence with an italian american fighter named giodello carter is depictied as beating this man pillar to post only to be screwed out of the decision he so richly deserved. Fact, giardello deserved to win that fight according to the overwhelming number of experts who have viewed it then and now on tape. The depitction is another lie.Another lie is this notion put forth in the movie that hurricane was on the verge of getting that title before mean white bigots framed him for this murder. Fact is that carter's boxing career was going down hill and he had only won 8 of his last 15 fights. As carter's boxing career failed he became more militant in his political views and hated white people. While in prison he was diagnosed to be psychotic. Yeah a psychotic racist is the model for black america. Shame.Another lie is this notion put forth in the movie that hurricane was on the verge of getting that title before mean white bigots framed him for this murder. Fact is that carter's boxing career was going down hill and he had only won 8 of his last 15 fights. As carter's boxing career failed he became more militant in his political views and hated white people. While in prison he was diagnosed to be psychotic. Yeah a psychotic racist is the model for black america. Shame.Norman jewison must not think much of black folks to make a movie of lies like this. Denzel washington should be ashamed he participated in such trash. Those who produced this trash bet that the average public would be gullible enough to believe these lies with no attempt at knowing the truth and hollywood didn't care; they just like the message. Looking at these reviews i have to say they made a good bet. America bashing and race baiting is alive and well, earning oscars and making for big box office. A shame.Norman jewison must not think much of black folks to make a movie of lies like this. Denzel washington should be ashamed he participated in such trash. Those who produced this trash bet that the average public would be gullible enough to believe these lies with no attempt at knowing the truth and hollywood didn't care; they just like the message. Looking at these reviews i have to say they made a good bet. America bashing and race baiting is alive and well, earning oscars and making for big box office. A shame.Norman jewison must not think much of black folks to make a movie of lies like this. Denzel washington should be ashamed he participated in such trash. Those who produced this trash bet that the average public would be gullible enough to believe these lies with no attempt at knowing the truth and hollywood didn't care; they just like the message. Looking at these reviews i have to say they made a good bet. America bashing and race baiting is alive and well, earning oscars and making for big box office. A shame.Norman jewison must not think much of black folks to make a movie of lies like this. Denzel washington should be ashamed he participated in such trash. Those who produced this trash bet that the average public would be gullible enough to believe these lies with no attempt at knowing the truth and hollywood didn't care; they just like the message. Looking at these reviews i have to say they made a good bet. America bashing and race baiting is alive and well, earning oscars and making for big box office. A shame.  
 Not only does the new music change the mood and quality of critical scenes, it's tantamount to watching old Batman episodes. As soon as something develops, in comes the cheesy music...The added scenes were poorly produced which is why they didn't make the original cut...The interviews seemed contrived. I'm not impressed. The older version supersedes the new
 The movie is one of my favorites, works on both a romantic level, and a comic level.  But where's the widescreen?  Todays consumers are more educated (THANK GOD) and they've almost stopped asking the stupid question "Why watch widescreen, you lose the top and bottom of the movie?!"  They finally get that you are seeing MORE of the movie with widescreen and not less.  So how can I be expected to buy this DvD?  It is for all intents and purposes "Incomplete".  Who's going to pay for all of something and be satisfied with only getting some of it?  Buy this movie as soon as WS version becomes availible
 This movie was obviously made by Japanese fans of several American films.  It then tried to mix them all together in one film. This movie was obviously made by Japanese fans of several American films.  It then tried to mix them all together in one film. The main ones are the Matrix, Reservoir Dogs, and Night of the Living Dead.  Especially the Matrix.The main ones are the Matrix, Reservoir Dogs, and Night of the Living Dead.  Especially the Matrix.We have several yakuza meeting at a specified location where they usually bury their victims, the location turns out to be a forest of reincarnation so their victims are coming back to life.We have several yakuza meeting at a specified location where they usually bury their victims, the location turns out to be a forest of reincarnation so their victims are coming back to life.Then it is a dead-come-back-to-life genre gore film heavy with feuding Yakuza elements.Then it is a dead-come-back-to-life genre gore film heavy with feuding Yakuza elements.Our main character has the long black Matrix type coat and general emotionless demeanor.   The high-tech 360 camera movements of the Matrix are blatantly being imitated minus the high-tech aspect.  Instead it is obvious that the camera itself is being moved 360 around the action.Our main character has the long black Matrix type coat and general emotionless demeanor.   The high-tech 360 camera movements of the Matrix are blatantly being imitated minus the high-tech aspect.  Instead it is obvious that the camera itself is being moved 360 around the action.I really hated the Matrix so a film mainly paying tribute to the Matrix already has a big strike against it.I really hated the Matrix so a film mainly paying tribute to the Matrix already has a big strike against it.As for the other elements, they were all brought in awkwardly and it just seemed to constantly extend the story with another element of their favorite American movies that they wanted to include.As for the other elements, they were all brought in awkwardly and it just seemed to constantly extend the story with another element of their favorite American movies that they wanted to include.The gore was mostly uncreative and uninteresting.The gore was mostly uncreative and uninteresting.Note that if you are looking for something different than typical American movies by checking out those wacky Japanese movies, you will not get it here
 HART'S WAR had potential. The last months of World War Two as a backdrop with demoralized GI's crammed into an overcrowded POW compound.  If this picture was soley about the hardships endured by surrendered soldiers during the Battle of the Bulge, then it could have had a chance.  Instead the film makers took on too many plots and subplots.  HART'S WAR had potential. The last months of World War Two as a backdrop with demoralized GI's crammed into an overcrowded POW compound.  If this picture was soley about the hardships endured by surrendered soldiers during the Battle of the Bulge, then it could have had a chance.  Instead the film makers took on too many plots and subplots.  Unintentionally the movie borrows from SLAUGHTERHOUSE FIVE, A SOLDIER'S STORY, THE GREAT ESCAPE and STALAG 17.  A cardinal rule in war films is that the premise has to be simple.  In HART'S WAR we find some good elements lost in a virtual Mulligan stew.  Unintentionally the movie borrows from SLAUGHTERHOUSE FIVE, A SOLDIER'S STORY, THE GREAT ESCAPE and STALAG 17.  A cardinal rule in war films is that the premise has to be simple.  In HART'S WAR we find some good elements lost in a virtual Mulligan stew.  In the story Colin Farrell's character, a rear echelon lawyer, accompanies another officer on what he thinks is a joyride.  Unfortunately for Farrell, the Germans have launched their attack in the Ardennes. The young lawyer is captured, harshly interrogated, and finally shipped out to a German stalag.  There he meets the senior POW officer, played by Bruce Willis, and tries to settle down in the dirty and uncomfortable life of a POW.  A soldier is killed and a recently downed Tuskegee airman is accused of murder.  Yes, you guessed it.  Farrell takes on the aviator's defense during the subsequent courts martial.  In the story Colin Farrell's character, a rear echelon lawyer, accompanies another officer on what he thinks is a joyride.  Unfortunately for Farrell, the Germans have launched their attack in the Ardennes. The young lawyer is captured, harshly interrogated, and finally shipped out to a German stalag.  There he meets the senior POW officer, played by Bruce Willis, and tries to settle down in the dirty and uncomfortable life of a POW.  A soldier is killed and a recently downed Tuskegee airman is accused of murder.  Yes, you guessed it.  Farrell takes on the aviator's defense during the subsequent courts martial.  If director Gregory Hoblit left the storyline to develop around the trial a decent film could have emerged.  Instead we have additions of Colonel Hart's unexplained behavior, an mass tunnel escape plot, sabotage and the German Commandant's attempt to befriend the American lawyer as superfluous baggage.If director Gregory Hoblit left the storyline to develop around the trial a decent film could have emerged.  Instead we have additions of Colonel Hart's unexplained behavior, an mass tunnel escape plot, sabotage and the German Commandant's attempt to befriend the American lawyer as superfluous baggage.HART'S WAR was filmed in the Czech Republic, no doubt to cut costs.   A little more effort and a lot less story and this film would have had a better showing at the box office.  Still, if you enjoy war movies you should probably add this DVD to your collection
 Unless you enjoy movies that are not funny, not scary, and have the worst actors this side of rodeo clowns, DO NOT WATCH this series of horrible flicks.  Putrid!  Not even "so-bad-it's-funny". Absolutely the worst films in the history of mankind!  Heed my warning!  SUCKS!!
 I cannot believe the black actor in this film is so sterotypical of the ghetto or uneducated image we've seen in films like "baby boy". Almost every line he had included a cuss word or n word. He didn't add a thing to the film except to be an annoyance. I don't know what this film was about. There are parts where there is a long silence with no talking. The whole movie was shot in the house with the exception of the maid when she finally leaves the house.There are a few scenes where the characters are running around  without any obvious aim. The film attempts to make the audience interested only to leave us saying, "what was all that excitement about?"
 How anyone could rate this movie 4-5 stars is beyond belief. This was such a contrived movie that had a simple plot that went nowhere. As I watched this movie I could not figure out if it was meant to be a comedy or a drama. It was never very funny and both lead actors, playing one white and one adopted black brother, had scenes in the movie that were terrible. Romany Malco has a scene where he is running around in his underwear for no apparent reason accept to show off his body. He jumps out of bed when his cell phone rings, runs down the stairs and then outside and back in just to gather everyone in the house and scold them, in his drawers? He is talentless and idiotic as a &quot;brother&quot; in France that no one can relate to. Paul Rudd is likable but his shining scene is when he comes back to the chateau drunk and &quot;grossly&quot; tells off everyone - people he has known for less than a week! The servants are the best actors in the movie and play their parts well...but can't make up for the dismal rest. Ludicrous - a bad movie that probably could have been funny if they had went for laughs instead of drama. This is another example of a rental that you think is going to be good but then disappoints
 The movie "Dead Life" by director William Victor Shotten is a throwback to the great movies of old such as Night of the Living Dead--or at least it tries to be--unfortunately it's a stupid attempt and being original through looking old, which in itself is an irony.The movie "Dead Life" by director William Victor Shotten is a throwback to the great movies of old such as Night of the Living Dead--or at least it tries to be--unfortunately it's a stupid attempt and being original through looking old, which in itself is an irony.Looking at its writing, there's absolutely nothing to commend this movie on. Though this movie at least tries to give you an explanation as to the existence of zombies, it's as thought-out as a cat's decision to chase a shiny object. The common mistake made with Romero's films is that the story wasn't well thought out, since they never really explain the zombies (except a bit in the original about a meteor); however, what people don't realize is it doesn't matter why. Romero's films are satirical in nature, they focus on a larger picture and disregard details, that's what makes them so great--that's what makes them films.Looking at its writing, there's absolutely nothing to commend this movie on. Though this movie at least tries to give you an explanation as to the existence of zombies, it's as thought-out as a cat's decision to chase a shiny object. The common mistake made with Romero's films is that the story wasn't well thought out, since they never really explain the zombies (except a bit in the original about a meteor); however, what people don't realize is it doesn't matter why. Romero's films are satirical in nature, they focus on a larger picture and disregard details, that's what makes them so great--that's what makes them films.Dead Life makes some attempt and showing depth with its underlying theme, except it's stupid and unoriginal, and really not shocking or thought-provoking in the slightest.Dead Life makes some attempt and showing depth with its underlying theme, except it's stupid and unoriginal, and really not shocking or thought-provoking in the slightest.This movie is not shocking, it's not realistic, even the "gore scene" everyone is referring to is only a stupid attempt at being shocking and over-the-edge; but it comes off as just being tasteless.This movie is not shocking, it's not realistic, even the "gore scene" everyone is referring to is only a stupid attempt at being shocking and over-the-edge; but it comes off as just being tasteless.People are giving this movie credit for having no money, but really, people have done better with less. The acting is ridiculous, the sound is poorly dubbed, the camera is always out of focus, and the special effects are lame. It is a tasteless zombie romp with no point whatsoever, it doesn't deserve credit for having a low budget, it makes no effort to make people think and makes no effort to be good, period. Night of the Living Dead was a low-budget film, this is not even close to reaching that level.People are giving this movie credit for having no money, but really, people have done better with less. The acting is ridiculous, the sound is poorly dubbed, the camera is always out of focus, and the special effects are lame. It is a tasteless zombie romp with no point whatsoever, it doesn't deserve credit for having a low budget, it makes no effort to make people think and makes no effort to be good, period. Night of the Living Dead was a low-budget film, this is not even close to reaching that level.Oh, and it actually takes sound effects straight from the first Resident Evil game and dubs them in. Seriously
 Okay I admit, they had a shoesrting budget and did most if not all the work on the weekends with the help of friends. Heres my problem, they could have at least paid more attention to the focus of the camera, most of the scenes were blurry, every now and again the focus was clear, I mean c'mon, when I was fourteen I made a short stop motion animation film using an old Bell and Howell super 8 cam and even then I paid attention to the focusing.Okay enough of that, now for the pros of the film. The make-up fx were good and there is one scene that will make most MEN wince, the outdoor and some indoor settings had a NOTLD feel. Overall I recomend at least checking it out and make up your own minds, at least you can say you saw it. Rent if you can, if not, buy used
 For years, I've bemoaned the switch from film to digital video for low-budget horror movies, but I'd rather watch ANYTHING shot on video than watching the waste of film that is Dead Life. Don't be fooled when I say this movie is shot on film. It SERIOUSLY looks like it was shot on a 1950s 8mm camera. It's perpetually grainy, dark, fuzzy, and shaky, and not in an artsy way. My $200 video camera looks infinitely better than this. The video quality is appropriate, however, as it's matched in wretchedness by every other facet of this stink-fest. The sound is murky and undecipherable, the acting is strictly amateur hour, the characters are paper-thin with no distinction or purpose, the story is non-existent, the dialogue is a completely worthless bore, there's nothing remotely scary, and the special effects (including a couple of computer effects that look like they were made on a Commodore 64) are laughable. Or, at least, I wish they were laughable. That would've at least made for some sort of enjoyment instead of the utter torture of this (high school) student film. It's movies like this -- cheap and devoid of any real effort to uphold the horror legacy, but which get cherry spots on Blockbuster shelves because they're packaged with slick cover art -- that give horror movies in general (and zombie movies in particular) a bad name, and that make horror fans so wary. Disgraceful!
 Unfocused, repetitive, and worst of all - boring!  What should have been a slam dunk documentary about one of the worst blights on the modern age of politics instead turns out to be a damn shame.  Ronnie Earle, the district attorney at the center of the film, says,  "This isn't about Democrats and Republicans, this is about cops and robbers." If only the makers of this film could have been so concise at some point in the first reel or two of their documentary as to what it is they were trying to say. Instead, from the start, The Big Buy feels like a film you've walked into thirty minutes late. Following the theme stated by Earle of cops and robbers, The Big Buy is supposed to have a film noir aesthetic, but the intended use of light and shadow is so intermittent you likely won't notice. Somewhere in this mess is a good film and a better story, to bad it's not being told here. 
 With the exception of disc# 6 this collection was very disappointing.  It was obvious that the show lost its charm after season #3 and was well on its way out before Paul Reubens little incident.   However, if you liked Pee-Wee Herman the first collection under Playhouse#1 is excellent.  It was fresh and innovative.  My 3 year old loves the first 6 discs.  Disc #7 to disc #10 are actually pretty bad and not worth the purchase.  They should have included disc #6 with the first set.  Anything after that was simply not entertaining.  The quality of all the discs still is excellent.With the exception of disc# 6 this collection was very disappointing.  It was obvious that the show lost its charm after season #3 and was well on its way out before Paul Reubens little incident.   However, if you liked Pee-Wee Herman the first collection under Playhouse#1 is excellent.  It was fresh and innovative.  My 3 year old loves the first 6 discs.  Disc #7 to disc #10 are actually pretty bad and not worth the purchase.  They should have included disc #6 with the first set.  Anything after that was simply not entertaining.  The quality of all the discs still is excellent.
 Leeches is a terrible movie.  Dude, I have never seen anything so gay in my whole life (except the director's other film Speed Demon).  When the guys were less clothes than the gals, thats not a good sign.  The video shelves at a local corporate video rental store carry tons of this director's work.They're all filled with loads of homoeroticism.  Women are ugly and they were single piece bathing suits whilst the guys wear banana hammocks.  The 'roided up leeches enter their "male" victims through anal orrifices.  After watching about a half hour of this mess I had to turn it off.They're all filled with loads of homoeroticism.  Women are ugly and they were single piece bathing suits whilst the guys wear banana hammocks.  The 'roided up leeches enter their "male" victims through anal orrifices.  After watching about a half hour of this mess I had to turn it off.Why does this guy fool people into renting these movies.  I don't mind gay subtext in films but when it takes over the film and hits you over the head with it then it's time to draw the line.  No hetro relationships in this one.  Just the director molesting his male stars with his camera.Why does this guy fool people into renting these movies.  I don't mind gay subtext in films but when it takes over the film and hits you over the head with it then it's time to draw the line.  No hetro relationships in this one.  Just the director molesting his male stars with his camera.Horrible stuff, stay away from David DeCoteau's work and his fifty different aliases (unless you know what you're in for)
 "The O.C." has got to be one of the most Overrated, Overhyped, shows that I have ever seen, this side of "Friends". This show makes me ashamed to be from SoCal.Their is nothing Appealing or Compelling about a bunch of rich, spoiled, suburban, white teens(sorry,I mean 24,25,28 year old acters playing teenagers) and their so called "problems".I admit,I tried to give this show a chance, I tried to watch a few episodes,and really, I couldn't make it passed the half an hour mark w/out turning it to Adult Swim or some "Nick At Night" Re-run or something. and speaking of white, is "O.C." suppose to stand for "Orange County" or "Only Caucasians". I had no idea, that their were no Black, Mexican, or Asian people that lived in the "O.C." Peter Gallagher's character is suppose to be the "bad guy" huh? Please! How about I snatch this chump off the "O.C." streets, toss him in a trunk and take him to Long Beach, Compton, Crenshaw, or Watts and then lets see how "bad" a guy he is then. The bottom line is, I can't stand this gay, fake show and I can't stand all you losers that praise it even more! And by the way, This show don't even belong in the same ZIP CODE as B.H. 90210! Now put that in Yo Pipes and Smoke it!    
 I expected alot more from Richard Harris. He was very stiff and it was hard to warm to his portrayal of Abraham. Also, there wasn't enough vocal input from God, expecially since his promises to Abraham and indeed the world should be center stage and offer the viewer a wholistic picture of the first covenant. There were some omissions and scenes out of order from the bible. I was somewhat annoyed that the movie had God saying that Sarai's name means Princess and that he would change it to Sarah which means Queen. This is not true!! In Hebrew Sarah means princess. Such apparently small mistakes really withdraw the films credability
 In Dr Yang's DVD I expected to find a good reference for my practice of the Yang 108 form, but I am very displeased with the quality of the DVD. For the price that I paid, I expected a least good video quality. When Dr. Yang executes the complete form the illumination is very poor; there are close ups of the upper body and obviously, the movement of the legs is not seen; you get lost with changes of camera angles; at some point, you can see people in the background; and the stage is not properly set up. Also, and with all due respect, his movements are weird. I have seen several presentations and videos of other professional instructors of the Yang 108 form and there are several differences in the way movements are executed. Definitively I do not recommend this DVD to any one who wants to use it as a reference, you can use it as a movie
 I have been a long-time radiohead fan and, like many others, have been waiting patiently for a live DVD.  So I was thrilled to find out they released one and immediately bought it without even looking at the setlist.  It never occurred to me that they would release material that is nearly 10 years old!  I have been a long-time radiohead fan and, like many others, have been waiting patiently for a live DVD.  So I was thrilled to find out they released one and immediately bought it without even looking at the setlist.  It never occurred to me that they would release material that is nearly 10 years old!  I couldn't help being disappointed when I watched this DVD.  The constantly changing camera angles and general lack of concern for the song itself make this unpleasant to watch.  In fact, I only watched it once and it has since been gathering dust.  I know I would have enjoyed it much more had it come out when the songs were still in their prime.  I couldn't help being disappointed when I watched this DVD.  The constantly changing camera angles and general lack of concern for the song itself make this unpleasant to watch.  In fact, I only watched it once and it has since been gathering dust.  I know I would have enjoyed it much more had it come out when the songs were still in their prime.  I've always that Radiohead was modern, progressive, and totally innovative.   I appreciate their old music but they have come a long way since pablo honey... and it doesn't help that before every song, Thom mutters "this is a new one." 
 The original "Candyman" sucks so bad, but everybody praises it and I kept wondering to myself, "am I missing something?"  So, I tried watching it again and it still sucked as I could not even get through it, so I figured maybe I should watch the sequels and maybe I would find something that I liked about this series.  Well, after watching "Candyman 2", one becomes cognizant that this series is just full of rubbish...again, the social overtones and politically correct notions present in this series make the movie absurd in the extreme.  The villain in "Candyman" makes me want to laugh because he is so NOT scary...if you want a good laugh, watch the "Candyman" series, but if you want to be scared, you would even do better to watch "Ren and Stimpy".  In all seriousness, watch "Halloween" and "Halloween II" if you want to see a good slasher and horror movie that really produces the goods and doesn't try to send a social message. LOL.  Some people call "Candyman 2- Farewell to the Flesh" a horror movie...I just call it rubbish
 Love the movie, but the quality of the DVD put out by Alpha Video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. The sound was scratchy and muffled and the picture looked as if the brightness was turned all the way up. If you don't want to be disappointed and feel like you've been ripped off, wait for the remastered cut before you buy this one
 My son LOVES airplanes and jets! I bought this DVD based on the rave reviews of people with young children loving this video. If you want a DVD that shows airplanes/jets flying, DO NOT BUY THIS DVD! The name of the video should be, "Watch the Blue Angles Get Ready to Fly," because that is what this video is. In the first 20 minutes there are short scenes of the jets flying. Then the next 25 minutes is NO FLYING just talking and showing the Blue Angles getting ready for their show. In the last 8 minutes you get to see part of an air show. My son has never made it to that point. He wants to see airplanes/jets fly and I'm now on a new search for a DVD that will do this for him
 My son LOVES airplanes and jets! I bought this DVD based on the rave reviews of people with young children loving this video. If you want a DVD that shows airplanes/jets flying, DO NOT BUY THIS DVD! The name of the video should be, "Watch the Blue Angles Get Ready to Fly," because that is what this video is. In the first 20 minutes there are short scenes of the jets flying. Then the next 25 minutes is NO FLYING just talking and showing the Blue Angles getting ready for their show. In the last 8 minutes you get to see part of an air show. My son has never made it to that point. He wants to see airplanes/jets fly and I'm now on a new search for a DVD that will do this for him"Kings and Queen" is a bloated French drama that rambles on for an interminable two hours and thirty-two minutes to no discernible point or purpose.  "Kings and Queen" is a bloated French drama that rambles on for an interminable two hours and thirty-two minutes to no discernible point or purpose.  The film features two stories that seem unrelated at first but which eventually connect with one another about halfway through the movie.  The first centers around Nora and her struggles with various men in her life, including an elderly father who discovers he has only a few days left to live.  The other story involves a young man named Ismael, a violinist who finds himself placed - unfairly, he believes - in a mental institution through the machinations of an unknown third party.  After traveling along on separate tracks for awhile, these two narrative strands eventually come together when we learn that Ismael is a former lover of Nora's and the man she has chosen to adopt her son from an earlier, tragic relationship.The film features two stories that seem unrelated at first but which eventually connect with one another about halfway through the movie.  The first centers around Nora and her struggles with various men in her life, including an elderly father who discovers he has only a few days left to live.  The other story involves a young man named Ismael, a violinist who finds himself placed - unfairly, he believes - in a mental institution through the machinations of an unknown third party.  After traveling along on separate tracks for awhile, these two narrative strands eventually come together when we learn that Ismael is a former lover of Nora's and the man she has chosen to adopt her son from an earlier, tragic relationship.With a bit more focus and a considerable amount of streamlining, "Kings and Queen" might have been a potent, engrossing drama about modern day relationships.  It certainly has moments of tremendous insight and emotional power, and the performances are, for the most part, complex and touching.  But, taken as a whole, the film meanders and maunders to such an extent that, quite frankly, it begins to wreak havoc on our patience and to wear out its welcome early on.  Even more distressing is the fact that, even though we spend what seems like a mild eternity in the company of these people, we really don't know quite what to make of any of them when the show is finally over.  For instance, Nora's father, on his deathbed, writes a withering diatribe against his daughter's character that simply doesn't gibe with the woman we've been looking at for well over two hours.  Nora is admittedly no Mother Theresa (then, again, who is?), but she certainly doesn't deserve the invective thrown at her by her very own father.  Nora could be accused of being  confused, indecisive, a bit self-absorbed at times, but evil enough to have her father wishing he could give her his cancer and make her die in his place?  I don't think so.With a bit more focus and a considerable amount of streamlining, "Kings and Queen" might have been a potent, engrossing drama about modern day relationships.  It certainly has moments of tremendous insight and emotional power, and the performances are, for the most part, complex and touching.  But, taken as a whole, the film meanders and maunders to such an extent that, quite frankly, it begins to wreak havoc on our patience and to wear out its welcome early on.  Even more distressing is the fact that, even though we spend what seems like a mild eternity in the company of these people, we really don't know quite what to make of any of them when the show is finally over.  For instance, Nora's father, on his deathbed, writes a withering diatribe against his daughter's character that simply doesn't gibe with the woman we've been looking at for well over two hours.  Nora is admittedly no Mother Theresa (then, again, who is?), but she certainly doesn't deserve the invective thrown at her by her very own father.  Nora could be accused of being  confused, indecisive, a bit self-absorbed at times, but evil enough to have her father wishing he could give her his cancer and make her die in his place?  I don't think so.Perhaps this film is simply operating at a level of depth that I was unable to fathom.  But my suspicion is that even writer Roger Bohbot and co-writer/director Arnaud Desplechin would have trouble fully explaining their purpose here.  This is a well acted, pretentious bore of a film that takes the audience on a long, rambling voyage through a sea of personal crises, a journey that leaves the viewer no wiser or more enlightened at the end than he was at the beginning.  
 1. Make sure you set your film in some sort of terrible alternate future where all people are slaves or unhappy or kept under sedation or something.1. Make sure you set your film in some sort of terrible alternate future where all people are slaves or unhappy or kept under sedation or something.2. Have every scene take place in the dark.  And your underworld must be lit by 15-watt bulbs.2. Have every scene take place in the dark.  And your underworld must be lit by 15-watt bulbs.3. Clothe everyone in black leather, particularly capes.  This especially works for the villains, but in the interest of equal play the heroes can be edgy and wear black leather too.  If they're villains, shave their heads.  Give them sunglasses (for the dark!)3. Clothe everyone in black leather, particularly capes.  This especially works for the villains, but in the interest of equal play the heroes can be edgy and wear black leather too.  If they're villains, shave their heads.  Give them sunglasses (for the dark!)4. Copying Terry Gilliam's masterpiece Brazil, throw something retro like brimmed fedoras into the wardrobe.4. Copying Terry Gilliam's masterpiece Brazil, throw something retro like brimmed fedoras into the wardrobe.5. Have a premise where our hero, a lone, semi-geeky guy, wakes up or somehow finds himself in a world he does not remember getting into.  He must clear his name of something, even if it's just getting off Pottery Barn's mailing list.5. Have a premise where our hero, a lone, semi-geeky guy, wakes up or somehow finds himself in a world he does not remember getting into.  He must clear his name of something, even if it's just getting off Pottery Barn's mailing list.6. Have a Mysterious Woman who may or may not be in cohoots with the bad guys, but who falls in love with our hero and wants to save him by the end of act II.6. Have a Mysterious Woman who may or may not be in cohoots with the bad guys, but who falls in love with our hero and wants to save him by the end of act II.7. Make damn sure she's sultry.  Though blondes are generally more popular these days in Hollywood, here dark brunettes work best.7. Make damn sure she's sultry.  Though blondes are generally more popular these days in Hollywood, here dark brunettes work best.8. Have lots of issues that revolve around our brains being dicked with.  Throw in lots of tortured dialogue about alternative consciousnesses/universes/fuel supplies/sugar substitutes.8. Have lots of issues that revolve around our brains being dicked with.  Throw in lots of tortured dialogue about alternative consciousnesses/universes/fuel supplies/sugar substitutes.9. This is very important: USE THE RHETORICAL LINE AT LEAST ONCE: "DO YOU KNOW WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF YOU [find the Kiber Crystal/try to rescue your love-interest/defy Dr. Morphface/turn on a bright light]?"  Indeed he (and we) don't.  This is supposed to get us all scared and anxious.9. This is very important: USE THE RHETORICAL LINE AT LEAST ONCE: "DO YOU KNOW WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF YOU [find the Kiber Crystal/try to rescue your love-interest/defy Dr. Morphface/turn on a bright light]?"  Indeed he (and we) don't.  This is supposed to get us all scared and anxious.10. Our hero should have had, if possible, a happy childhood that turned tragic.  Slaughtered parents work great here.  Of course, he doesn't remember any of it, at least at first.10. Our hero should have had, if possible, a happy childhood that turned tragic.  Slaughtered parents work great here.  Of course, he doesn't remember any of it, at least at first.11. Populate your world with lots of machines with tubes, wires, cables, and ducts.  There also should be flashes of lightning that serve no purpose.11. Populate your world with lots of machines with tubes, wires, cables, and ducts.  There also should be flashes of lightning that serve no purpose.12. Make sure your sets and costumes were "derived" from some black and white classic film from the 20s or 30s--Metropolis, Caligari, even Frankenstein will do nicely.  This is both to show you have a "legitimate pedigree" and to cover up the fact that you have no original ideas yourself.12. Make sure your sets and costumes were "derived" from some black and white classic film from the 20s or 30s--Metropolis, Caligari, even Frankenstein will do nicely.  This is both to show you have a "legitimate pedigree" and to cover up the fact that you have no original ideas yourself.13. Make sure all the bad guys bite off their dialogue and sound mean.  This is how we know they are bad guys, since lately both sides have been wearing black leather.13. Make sure all the bad guys bite off their dialogue and sound mean.  This is how we know they are bad guys, since lately both sides have been wearing black leather.14. The guy gets the girl in the end and the sun comes out.  Really now, do we have to say this??? (However, through most of the movie we must believe the love will be unrequited.  The dame should have a troubled history, though you must keep it vague.)14. The guy gets the girl in the end and the sun comes out.  Really now, do we have to say this??? (However, through most of the movie we must believe the love will be unrequited.  The dame should have a troubled history, though you must keep it vague.)15. Throw in some cyborgs.  You gotta have cyborgs. 15. Throw in some cyborgs.  You gotta have cyborgs. 16. Have sets that are about fifteen times larger than they need to be, but which are largely empty.16. Have sets that are about fifteen times larger than they need to be, but which are largely empty.17. There's always the authority figure who starts out in pursuit of our guy, but who by the end becomes convinced of his innocence and moves to his side.17. There's always the authority figure who starts out in pursuit of our guy, but who by the end becomes convinced of his innocence and moves to his side.18. There was some vague, recent apocalyptic event that destroyed most of civilization.  But be brief here.  Our audience may get to wondering how one guy saving one girl will restore all of civilization, and you don't want them thinking about that.18. There was some vague, recent apocalyptic event that destroyed most of civilization.  But be brief here.  Our audience may get to wondering how one guy saving one girl will restore all of civilization, and you don't want them thinking about that.19. Include a sadomasochistic scene or two.  The current favorite is to strap the victim spread-eagled on a rotating mechanical device and stick him with needles.  This movie likes to stick them through the bone at the front of the skull, a really stupid place to insert a needle (but then, this screenwriter clearly isn't a brain surgeon).19. Include a sadomasochistic scene or two.  The current favorite is to strap the victim spread-eagled on a rotating mechanical device and stick him with needles.  This movie likes to stick them through the bone at the front of the skull, a really stupid place to insert a needle (but then, this screenwriter clearly isn't a brain surgeon).20. Always have a big shoot-em-up climax with lots of explosions, steam, smoke, distorting of the picture with computer tricks, and loud rock music.  This is how we resolve things when we have no idea what the hell we're talking about or how to end the movie.  We hope nobody notices.  Generally they don't.20. Always have a big shoot-em-up climax with lots of explosions, steam, smoke, distorting of the picture with computer tricks, and loud rock music.  This is how we resolve things when we have no idea what the hell we're talking about or how to end the movie.  We hope nobody notices.  Generally they don't.Follow this primer, and whatever you come up with will be called bold and visionary by people whose filmgoing history doesn't extend before 1995, and Roger "I don't wanna become critically irrelevant" Ebert
 Well I went to the concert and the whole time while I was watching it, I was glade they where coming out with a dvd because DVD can HOLD lots and LOTS AND LOTS of information and why would they cheap out and not put every artist with every song on here why I WOULD BE 100$ I don't care I want to see it all. And well I waited months and months, wondering waiting for it to come out, I went there with 3 other friends and it was the thing of a life time. Then it was time the P%$%# @%#T DVD of the century. THank you EMI for destroying a historial document so you can get all your SIGNED Contracts on to your DVD. Well now all I have to do is use my Time Machine and Get a tape ready and tape the Damn concert. Wait TIme machines doen't exist well now I am going ot have to go underground to get it. But wait I still $100 will EMI Release all the videos on DVD or do we have to go underground to get it from someone who tapped it and is selling it. All I can say this is why the internet was invented for INFORMATION EXCHANGE. If they keep information paticularly this Historical Document from people, they will share it over the internet. The video doesn't belong to 1 Company it belongs to the world, the world created this and WHO does EMI think they are by limiting this. I am so sick and tired of this utter B$%# @#$T. No one should settle for this, I demand more and Everyone should demand more also.3 Billion People watched 1 million spectaters. And what does EMI Tell you, they will put the crappiest DVD together and then make everyone take the videos down of there website. I believe I shall find them all and put them up on Wikipedia because it isn't 1 Person who owns the worlds creation. Anyone who believes in this should know what it means to them Every Extra CEnt of this DVD should go to AFrica and it doesnt it and its a Bloody shame. All I can say Is I am making sure this goes on to Every Review for this damned DVD untill something is done about it. Well I went to the concert and the whole time while I was watching it, I was glade they where coming out with a dvd because DVD can HOLD lots and LOTS AND LOTS of information and why would they cheap out and not put every artist with every song on here why I WOULD BE 100$ I don't care I want to see it all. And well I waited months and months, wondering waiting for it to come out, I went there with 3 other friends and it was the thing of a life time. Then it was time the P%$%# @%#T DVD of the century. THank you EMI for destroying a historial document so you can get all your SIGNED Contracts on to your DVD. Well now all I have to do is use my Time Machine and Get a tape ready and tape the Damn concert. Wait TIme machines doen't exist well now I am going ot have to go underground to get it. But wait I still $100 will EMI Release all the videos on DVD or do we have to go underground to get it from someone who tapped it and is selling it. All I can say this is why the internet was invented for INFORMATION EXCHANGE. If they keep information paticularly this Historical Document from people, they will share it over the internet. The video doesn't belong to 1 Company it belongs to the world, the world created this and WHO does EMI think they are by limiting this. I am so sick and tired of this utter B$%# @#$T. No one should settle for this, I demand more and Everyone should demand more also.3 Billion People watched 1 million spectaters. And what does EMI Tell you, they will put the crappiest DVD together and then make everyone take the videos down of there website. I believe I shall find them all and put them up on Wikipedia because it isn't 1 Person who owns the worlds creation. Anyone who believes in this should know what it means to them Every Extra CEnt of this DVD should go to AFrica and it doesnt it and its a Bloody shame. All I can say Is I am making sure this goes on to Every Review for this damned DVD untill something is done about it. VIVA LA RISTANCE : D-THE REAL LENBO
 Well, I guess I should've read more reviews of this DVD. It is STRICTLY for beginners. I don't sweat and my heart rate barely goes up (if I do breath of fire it helps). When I want an easy day I'll pop this in and do both sessions. Very simple. But I'm sure it's good for a beginner--a BEGINNING BEGINNER. Sara Ivanhoe is soothing though, and encouraging. But seriously, this is a very easy workout
 There's lots of passion in Wide Sargasso Sea THE BOOK, but it's mostly emotional. It's an extremely multi-layered novel and the work of a true master. The film on the other hand is just your classic, bad 1990s film, beautiful to look at, with lots of skin, languid copulation, heaving bosoms, bodice-ripping nonsense, etc and next to no substance. It has no artistic integrity whatsoever, as its shameless makers must surely know they lifted their middle finger at the spirit of the Jean Rhys novel when choosing to make the film the way they did.There's lots of passion in Wide Sargasso Sea THE BOOK, but it's mostly emotional. It's an extremely multi-layered novel and the work of a true master. The film on the other hand is just your classic, bad 1990s film, beautiful to look at, with lots of skin, languid copulation, heaving bosoms, bodice-ripping nonsense, etc and next to no substance. It has no artistic integrity whatsoever, as its shameless makers must surely know they lifted their middle finger at the spirit of the Jean Rhys novel when choosing to make the film the way they did.I was unable to feel empathy for both the lead character. The much touted erotic scenes were not developed to what they lead to believe, and it also lacked much enthusiasm. They were incomplete and contributed little, if anything, to the plot. The viewer only gets a glimpse of the passion that supposedly exists between Edward and Antoinette. Therefore, they should have either gone all the way, tastefully (no pun intended), or have left those scenes out entirely. I was unable to feel empathy for both the lead character. The much touted erotic scenes were not developed to what they lead to believe, and it also lacked much enthusiasm. They were incomplete and contributed little, if anything, to the plot. The viewer only gets a glimpse of the passion that supposedly exists between Edward and Antoinette. Therefore, they should have either gone all the way, tastefully (no pun intended), or have left those scenes out entirely. Now with regards to the plot of this film there were enormous holes, which perhaps could be rectified by reading the book. But for those who haven't read the book, there should be enough information in the film itself to keep the reader afloat. From the start it was unclear what was really going on with this family (despite the narration). Why did the ex-slaves keep laughing? (Something vaguely explained in the movie, though apparently fully explained in the book). Why didn't the parrot fly away? What made the mother go nuts? At no point in the movie were Mr. Rochester's "issues", as it were, fully explained. The man gets a letter exposing his wife as a Creole and dumps her like a hot potato, after (as Christophene explains) he was the one who came crawling to her in the first place. What a hypocrite. Again, maybe this is the ultimate point, that Mr. Rochester is a snob and the archetypical Victorian Englishman and that Antoinette is the victim of both his prejudice and that of the Jamaicans. But none of that exonerates the appallingly abrupt conclusion to the film. Now with regards to the plot of this film there were enormous holes, which perhaps could be rectified by reading the book. But for those who haven't read the book, there should be enough information in the film itself to keep the reader afloat. From the start it was unclear what was really going on with this family (despite the narration). Why did the ex-slaves keep laughing? (Something vaguely explained in the movie, though apparently fully explained in the book). Why didn't the parrot fly away? What made the mother go nuts? At no point in the movie were Mr. Rochester's "issues", as it were, fully explained. The man gets a letter exposing his wife as a Creole and dumps her like a hot potato, after (as Christophene explains) he was the one who came crawling to her in the first place. What a hypocrite. Again, maybe this is the ultimate point, that Mr. Rochester is a snob and the archetypical Victorian Englishman and that Antoinette is the victim of both his prejudice and that of the Jamaicans. But none of that exonerates the appallingly abrupt conclusion to the film. So, despite the beautiful cinematography, this movie is a hopeless muddle. I'd highly recommend the novel by the way: a book you don't forget in a hurry. Needless to say I think you should give this insulting (to the memory of Jean Rhys) film a miss, especially if you've read the novel: it'll just frustrate you, no matter how keen on a bit of easy titillation you may be feeling at the time.
 The novel of Wide Sargasso Sea was  decent book. A re-writing of Jane Eyre's Bertha. But the film is really hard to tolerate. It starts out ok. Although it seems to start deviating from the book early on. Past the point where Antoinette marries Rochester the film turns in to nothing but soft porn and the acting gets worse too.
 The lead actor bore an uncanny resemblance to the real Edward R. Murrow, and there was a lot of realistic smoking for a movie set in the `50s, but otherwise I'd didn't understand all the adulation for what was to me a short, boring movie that seemed much longer.  Maybe I've just seen too many biopics lately
 this is the poorest of the plethora of jane austen adaptations we have undergone the past decade, with gwyneth paltrow stumbling her way through an unfunny retelling of austens classic.  fortunately its been 3 weeks since i watched this and ive managed to put the details of WHY i found it distasteful into the nether regions of my mind, but it was a mess.
 I was hoping that "Socermania" would be on the "Extreme Sports Fun" DVD but NO! Instead disney had to put on all of the same cartoons that were released on the "Disney Treasures" this also goes for the other two DVD's Extreme Music and adventure fun, allthough 'Pluto's Blue Note', 'Donald's Dilemma' 'No Sail' 'Old Sequoia' and 'Trailer Horn' are on DVD for the first time but with the new Disney Treasures "Disney Rarities" and "The Chronological Donald volume 2"(which might I add could use a lot of improvment on the restoration) who needs these DVDs, so I suggest not to buy these cheap DVD's and buy the Treasures in spite of the bad restoration
 Film: 4.5 stars; DVD: 0 stars(DVD released March 2000)(DVD released March 2000)This is a very good - albeit not great - film whose DVD release has been ruined by Disney, as they so often do:- 18(!) minutes deleted from the theatrically released version- non-anamorphic transfer  It's been over six years since the DVD was released.  One can only hope that an un-butchered version is in the works.  However, based on Disney's track record, and on the quality of their marketing "wizards", I'm not holding my breath.  Don't know if Disney licenses to Criterion but, if so, that may be the only way we get a decent DVD release
 ... Tyrese Gibson, for WORST ACTOR EVER.  Up to this point, I've been a huge Paul Walker fan for his comedically bad acting.  He's made a career of it.  In this one, his impressive acting techniques involve the use of the word "bro" at least 75 times (to give his character street cred), and thoughtfully rubbing his chin during meetings with the other cops - it's clear Walker is deeply considering his plight.  But really Walker can't hold a candle to the absolutely atrocious acting of Tyrese Gibson.  My god where did they find this guy?  The movie would've been OK as a standard, mindless action film, but it really was ruined by the 6th grade drama club acting.... Tyrese Gibson, for WORST ACTOR EVER.  Up to this point, I've been a huge Paul Walker fan for his comedically bad acting.  He's made a career of it.  In this one, his impressive acting techniques involve the use of the word "bro" at least 75 times (to give his character street cred), and thoughtfully rubbing his chin during meetings with the other cops - it's clear Walker is deeply considering his plight.  But really Walker can't hold a candle to the absolutely atrocious acting of Tyrese Gibson.  My god where did they find this guy?  The movie would've been OK as a standard, mindless action film, but it really was ruined by the 6th grade drama club acting.Now you might be wonderning: who's the genius who decided to put these two together in a movie?  But wait, there's actually method to this madness.  Since their was no Vin Diesel, the director knew he had only Paul Walker left.  And it's well known that Walker cannot carry a film (see "Timeline").  So what to do?  Of course!  Find an actor EVEN WORSE than Walker and cast them together!  All of the sudden Walker doesn't look so terrible, because everyone's focusing on this other chump.  And apparently it worked, because a lot of people enjoyed this film, and there's even a sequel. 
 I WOULD LOVE TO SEE THE CAST OF THIS MOVIE DRESSED UP AS HOT DOGS AND THROWN INTO A CAGE WITH STAR JONES AND MARV ALBERT.(...
 Don't let the cover fool you, this film isn't half as fun as you may hope it is. Maybe it's my own fault, but I was expecting something more like "Groove", or at least something interesting to watch. And it's not for my lack of knowledge of the bands, I often listen to Joy Division/New Order/Happy Mondays, and more from that scene. However, this seemed much more like the story of Tony Wilson and The Factory, than it did about the music, and almost came-off as a documentary. I almost stopped watching it out of boredom, but saw it through anyway. Now I wouldn't call this bad, it had it's good parts, just not many.
 24-Hour Party People is a mocumentary at the lowest rung (if Best In Show was not enough) that tries at many times to be funny but is mostly in poor taste. The British scene in the 1980's was influential and at the height of the 2nd Brit wave, and Michael Winterbottom could have exposed the goings-on in a much better way. 24-Hour Party People is a mocumentary at the lowest rung (if Best In Show was not enough) that tries at many times to be funny but is mostly in poor taste. The British scene in the 1980's was influential and at the height of the 2nd Brit wave, and Michael Winterbottom could have exposed the goings-on in a much better way. My main issue with this film was it's attempts at being funny in a hip-Britster fashion that falls flat constantly since the issues occurring are very serious. The dialogue is difficult to follow especially since most of it is meaningless anyway, and the film never really follows it's premise as much as it should: the rise of Factory. I did really enjoy the Joy Division segments, though, even if exploiting Ian Curtis's death was slightly in poor taste. My main issue with this film was it's attempts at being funny in a hip-Britster fashion that falls flat constantly since the issues occurring are very serious. The dialogue is difficult to follow especially since most of it is meaningless anyway, and the film never really follows it's premise as much as it should: the rise of Factory. I did really enjoy the Joy Division segments, though, even if exploiting Ian Curtis's death was slightly in poor taste. Unless you're a fan of the Brit explosion of the post-punk era, and an extreme fan at that, I could not recommend this film. It's not even greatly educational for music lovers and at times very difficult to get into.
 Yes. Wild things is what I recommend for our jaded eyes. Aren't we sick of all the crowd pleasing PG-13 shows which are neither sexy or action packed - most of all with hardly a plot? Wild Things is sex sex sex but with witty capital H humor and a twisted story.Yes. Wild things is what I recommend for our jaded eyes. Aren't we sick of all the crowd pleasing PG-13 shows which are neither sexy or action packed - most of all with hardly a plot? Wild Things is sex sex sex but with witty capital H humor and a twisted story.Recent eye candy shows could learn a thing or two from this film. Candy can remain sweet and sickening but a great script and a good cast (from Oscar nominee Matt Dillon, Kevin Bacon etc) can turn candy into cuisine
 ALL THESE SHOWS ARE THE SYNDICATED ONES.THERE ARE AT LEAST 3 MIN CUT FROM EACH SHOW.SONY SUCKS BIG TIME FOR RELEASING EDITED SHOWS. NOT THE FIRST TIME( SEE SOAP,OTHER SEASONS OF GOOD TIMES).BROUGHT MINE BACK AND GOT A REFUND
 Beware the reviews that say this is an underrated classic and masterpiece and all that.  Was real disappointed by 9th Gate.  This film is tepid, there is none of the satanic intensity/ambiance that you find in 'Rosemary's Baby' It's too Hollywood, surprisingly, considering the maverick presence of Depp/Polanski. Film opens well, with a suicide and Depp's opportunistic character who seems to straddle the moral fence, but it never creates the proper mood or atmosphere.  Exorcist 3, which I was equally disappointed in, at least was more satanic.  I won't spoil anything for those who do want to see it, but the showdown scene between Depp and those he is purusing is awkward and poorly directed.  Emmanuelle Seigner comes across more like a hippy chick than a Demona. And the 'showdown with the devil' is a letdown to say the least.  This film could have been great but Polanski dropped the ball, considering he was the producer/director/co-screenwriter, and the film fails in all three areas. It's not horrible, so I give it 2 stars.  But don't buy this film, rent it only.  Buy Angel Heart instead
 To borrow from a previous reviewer:  A movie to kill an evening with if you have one that really needs murdering.To borrow from a previous reviewer:  A movie to kill an evening with if you have one that really needs murdering.
 I am a fan of historical fiction, and this has to be one of the most historically inaccurate films I have ever seen! What bothers me the most is that the general public, who hasn't read the Tudor biographies like some of us have, will believe this stuff because it is their only exposure to the subject! I won't go into all the inaccuracies since other reviewers have already touched on them. Why tamper with history, when it was actually more fascinating than what was portrayed in this movie.
 I've been a fan of the Who since I recieved my copy of Tommy on vinyl in 1970 for Christmas.I resisted buying this DVD set for a long time because of the price and knowing that if it was a current release that Townshend would be playing an accoustic guitar while someone backstage would be playing what he should be (he started doing this due to hearing loss years ago). The Who hasnt been the same since.Watching the Tommy performance will make you seasick its so out of sync. It just goes to show that some publishers and performers will let anything out the door to make another buck.I had just moved to Las Vegas when Entwhistle died there of a cocaine overdose, it was somehow prophetic in a way, I didnt have tickets for their show that week but I thought with his death it wouldnt have happened anyway.Surprisingly it did, (its all about $$$$$).If you've never seen this band in its heyday go get a copy of their Live at the Isle of Wight festival show or Woodstock for a second choice and see what this band was really like.And shame on the people who let this recording hit the shelves, I hope they choke on the money.
 What were they thinking?!  There are actually scenes DELETED from the original theatrical release!!  The extended edition is an "abomination" if there ever were one.  What were they thinking?!  There are actually scenes DELETED from the original theatrical release!!  The extended edition is an "abomination" if there ever were one.  Furthermore, I discourage anyone who has not seen the original from purchasing this product.  Seek out the original release because I believe the "original" release included in this set is not of the same quality.Furthermore, I discourage anyone who has not seen the original from purchasing this product.  Seek out the original release because I believe the "original" release included in this set is not of the same quality.David Lynch was right in not becoming involved in this edition
 This may be entitled "Warner Bros. Classic Holiday Collection," but Warner Bros. had nothing to do with the production or distribution of Boys Town, Men of Boys Town, or the 1938 Christmas Carol. Louis B. Mayer may return to haunt the Christmases of those heretics against the one, true religion of MGM, who purloined Spencer Tracey, Mickey Rooney, and Ann Rutherford to enrich the reputations of Harry, Jack, Abe, and Ted.
 Absolutely terrible. The most inexplicable comedy phenomena this side of Dane Cook. Absolutely terrible. The most inexplicable comedy phenomena this side of Dane Cook. Nothing happens in this movie (and I mean nothing) except a bunch of sullen characters exhanging "comic" glances and looking withdrawn and cynical. I don't think a Soviet run production company could suck the life and charisma out of these talented actors better. So on that point it's a success. All the sullen, understated lines and glances are supposed to be funny-they're not, they're boring. Somebody needs to tell Wes Anderson that too. ASAP
 I think this movie is so incredibly contrived and just so damn cutesy I don't know why it has gotten so much critical acclaim, especially about how it's all just so devastatingly human despite everyone acting like a cartoon character?  But being in a liberal arts college I have to listen to almost every other student rave about it so it must have some sort of generational following.  The characters and the situations remind me of the short stories I would write in the sixth grade when I was around 12 years old, where all of the characters have a bunch of dumb, absurd eccentricities that anyone could come up with if they wanted to because you're wanting so badly to be inventive and unique but in hindsight they make you cringe and tear up all those old notebooks full of such irritating, inane nonsense.  The whole movie feels like ones 12-year-old self trying to write about adult problems that they're distanced from yet infatuated by.  This movie appeals to the type of people who like to read Catcher and the Rye so they can either consciously or subconsciously think of their chain-smoking, wannabe-depressed but more like "I'm so sad 'cause I don't have a girlfriend" indie-rocker lives into some sort of literary wellspring.  I think the visuals in all of his movies are so tremendously appealing, it's unfortunate he can't just do fantasy films or something instead of these barely funny yet barely dramatic "subtle" messages on the human condition or whatever those critics say.  Hipster drivel - look for something else to watch
 I knew I was in trouble with FOUR BROTHERS when I saw that Josh Howard (of SPORTS NIGHT fame) was scowling hard, trying to be a tough Detroit cop. Not believable for a nanosecond. And then it got worse when Marky Mark said, "Why don't you two cops get some doughnuts and coffee?"I knew I was in trouble with FOUR BROTHERS when I saw that Josh Howard (of SPORTS NIGHT fame) was scowling hard, trying to be a tough Detroit cop. Not believable for a nanosecond. And then it got worse when Marky Mark said, "Why don't you two cops get some doughnuts and coffee?"The rest of the film veers along in that kind of lame and clichd rhythm. Almost every scene in this thing is a howler. And watching it, I remembered I hadn't forgiven Tyrese Gibson for the travesty that was 2 FAST 2 FURIOUS. Still, Tyrese is better than Garrett Hedlund, who looks like he's a refugee from THE OUTSIDERS.The rest of the film veers along in that kind of lame and clichd rhythm. Almost every scene in this thing is a howler. And watching it, I remembered I hadn't forgiven Tyrese Gibson for the travesty that was 2 FAST 2 FURIOUS. Still, Tyrese is better than Garrett Hedlund, who looks like he's a refugee from THE OUTSIDERS.But the movie's not a total wash; after all, it's got a GREAT soundtrack
 Seriously, I am an expert, and this movie sucks. But, imagine for a moment--yes, stop and withdraw from your metaphysical prejudices--a movie whose premise is truly profound, strikingly engaging, and culturally challenging--that art is only such relative to those individuals, those `experts', whose tastes, likes and dislikes, decide it so. Given that aesthetic claims are empirically nonsensical--a matter of pure subjective opinion--why is it that some art is valued at all while some not at all? Besides this interesting question, which is put forth explicitly, without the pretentious riddles of terrible poetry, and in about 60 seconds, the rest of the movie is obnoxious editing and narration. Avoid at all costs.
 The only extraordinary thing about this film is how OW could take such a fascinating subject and drain the life out of it.  I found myself wanting this to be over about halfway through (after I dozed off).  Don't be fooled by the other review here.  They are the true fakes (if you know what I mean).  Save your money and save your time
 Following Live 8 i have to wonder if Live Aid justifies the euphoria that followed it. Most people if honest would say that on the whole musically it was pretty bland and as for achieving its aims-well that's debatable. What it did manage to do was make Bob Geldof whom no matter how honourable his motive were done quite nicely out of it thank you. Before this his career was on the skids and now he is a household name, knighted by the monarchy and very,very rich. The same with U2 pushed them into the statosphere and made Bono think he is some sort of latter day prophet. Same with Queen pushed them into mega-stardom. So do musicians have a conscience or was it the chance to get maximum worldwide publicity, push their latest album all for fifteen minutes of stage time. Sounds pretty good to me. One can't help wonder that they could all give there royalties for the past year and wipe out the third world debt without coming on stage and screaming 'give me your money'. There was a shot(deleted of course) where backstage the good and the great were dining on expensive food and wine whilst up on stage was a backdrop of the starving. Another example of there hyprocrisy. Madonna singing 'imagine' on her latest tour '..imagine-no prosessions..yeah right! I can't help but think for all there posturing there was an eye on global exposure and a chance to feel good about themselves when they went back to their mansion and who would dispute that McCartneys version of 'let it be' was stomach churning? Face it the only musician (Peter Green ex-fleetwood mac) who wanted to give everything away to charity got certified. Proves a point
 "Capote", directed by Bennett Miller with a conscious sensation of subtlety and a slow pace, was widely acclaimed by critics after its release in 2005. It is based on Gerald Clarke's 1988 non-fiction book "Capote: A Biography". The film starts by Capote's (Philip Seymour Hoffman) interest in the Kansas crime merely as a reader and ends with him becoming the most famous writer on the crime. His knowledge of the criminals, especially Perry Smith (Clifton Collins Jr.), which started from the newspapers elevated to an intimate yet undefined relationship. The writer is sympathetic and sees in Smith a strong resemblance with himself, yet he uncaringly and mendaciously uses him to get to his aim. Capote was looking for something to write and indeed he found it. "In Cold Blood" was his most famous novel; the one that established him as a legendary writer. He was left overwhelmed, confused and unsatisfied, however. The movie is quite ambiguous, though. Characters are marginally defined and the dialogue wavers between witty to irrelevant or inexpressive. At many instances it is hard to grasp the causes and consequences of specific situations and conversations. For instance, people are always laughing heartily at what Capote has to say, although he never actually says something funny or worth a great deal of laughter. The setting and the music were both barely significant. Although Philip Seymour Hoffman's performance is highly remarkable, the actor's resemblance of Capote is questionable. Hoffman is 5'10" and more stout than the slender, barely 5'2" Truman Capote."Capote", directed by Bennett Miller with a conscious sensation of subtlety and a slow pace, was widely acclaimed by critics after its release in 2005. It is based on Gerald Clarke's 1988 non-fiction book "Capote: A Biography". The film starts by Capote's (Philip Seymour Hoffman) interest in the Kansas crime merely as a reader and ends with him becoming the most famous writer on the crime. His knowledge of the criminals, especially Perry Smith (Clifton Collins Jr.), which started from the newspapers elevated to an intimate yet undefined relationship. The writer is sympathetic and sees in Smith a strong resemblance with himself, yet he uncaringly and mendaciously uses him to get to his aim. Capote was looking for something to write and indeed he found it. "In Cold Blood" was his most famous novel; the one that established him as a legendary writer. He was left overwhelmed, confused and unsatisfied, however. The movie is quite ambiguous, though. Characters are marginally defined and the dialogue wavers between witty to irrelevant or inexpressive. At many instances it is hard to grasp the causes and consequences of specific situations and conversations. For instance, people are always laughing heartily at what Capote has to say, although he never actually says something funny or worth a great deal of laughter. The setting and the music were both barely significant. Although Philip Seymour Hoffman's performance is highly remarkable, the actor's resemblance of Capote is questionable. Hoffman is 5'10" and more stout than the slender, barely 5'2" Truman Capote.
 This movie is utterly unremarkable -- actually, scratch that.  This movie is actually VERY remarkable -- because of how BAD it is.  First of all, the protagonist is pathetic: it's impossible for the viewer to sympathize with her because she is just a pitiful, weak person who does absolutely nothing to try and solve her problems; all she does is cry and moan.  Second, the actors are some of the most wooden and stiff performers I've seen in any movie.  Third, there are some plot gaps and questions that never get answered, which disrupt the movie's flow and continuity; for example, the protagonist gets hit head-on by an 18-wheeler truck, and her car is absolutely mangled, but she walks away without a scratch.  Someone care to explain how that's possible?This movie is utterly unremarkable -- actually, scratch that.  This movie is actually VERY remarkable -- because of how BAD it is.  First of all, the protagonist is pathetic: it's impossible for the viewer to sympathize with her because she is just a pitiful, weak person who does absolutely nothing to try and solve her problems; all she does is cry and moan.  Second, the actors are some of the most wooden and stiff performers I've seen in any movie.  Third, there are some plot gaps and questions that never get answered, which disrupt the movie's flow and continuity; for example, the protagonist gets hit head-on by an 18-wheeler truck, and her car is absolutely mangled, but she walks away without a scratch.  Someone care to explain how that's possible?I probably would have stopped watching this piss-poor excuse for a movie if I wasn't at a friend's house (and there's the fact that it's his movie): I sat through it just to be polite.  When all is said and done, this movie just isn't worth your time.  I'm glad I'm not the one who actually paid my hard-earned dollars to buy this piece of dung
 I've been had is all I can say, after reading other reviews I really thought this would be an interesting, exciting movie. Instead, the story is lame, the acting is pretty pathetic and it is so NOT scary or at least gripping. I watched the whole thing as I thought maybe I am missing something, but no there is no twist thats worth mentioning as the whole movie is predictable from beginning to end. Sorry guys, but this is nowhere near, Audition, Tale of two Sisters or even Whispering Corridors
 If you've seen Tortilla Soup, there is no need to watch this movie.  This is just the Chinese version of the said movie.  The similarities of these 2 movies are so prominent that it would actually be a waste of time and money to buy both - same characters, same plot only in a different setting.I got to enjoy the scenes with food, though...
 This movie is no "Heathers."  It's not even "Mean Girls."  As hard as it tried to be witty, shocking, dark, and satirical, it just made me want to bang my head against a wall to make the pain of watching it stop.  Maybe I'm just too old for this drivel -- although I could watch "Clueless" and "The Craft" until my DVD player breaks -- but whatever entertainment value this movie was trying to push, I just didn't get it.  The movie wasn't funny (which is sad to say when one of my favorite comedic actresses, Carol Kane, couldn't even elicit a smile out of me), the plot was full of holes, and the writing seemed very rushed and contrived.  I wasn't expecting greatness when I watched Jawbreakers, but I was at least hoping for 1 1/2 hours of mindless entertainment.  Unfortunately, the "entertainment" piece was dropped and I was just left with "mindless.
 My wife and I ejected this DVD after half way through and planned to throw it out.  I later figured I'd see if it got any better and watched the rest of it.  The last guy is good and I won't throw this away now; he does a bit on throwing up that is good.  Most of the humor is gutter humour and is not that funny
 Almost unbelievably bad, except I saw the remake of 'Shaft,' which should have been a forewarning.  This is like a comic book for filmgoers.  No, not a graphic novel adapted to the screen.  More like a comic book for kids, that you'd be embarassed to own at any age.  Doubly offensive is the high quality soul music that is on the soundtrack, a travesty to the nth degree.   
 There are 2 types of people who like black and white films: old people and clever clogs know-it-alls. Why watch this when you can buy Picture Perfect with the lovely Jennifer Aniston for the same price. The emperor's new clothes
 rent it but by all means don't buy it.  you won't watch it more than once.  this movie is not for those who have invested 25+ hours into the tv show.  although you will better understand what's going on if you have seen the show, none of this will really seem new or interesting to you.  you learn some new facts about Bob and The Man from Another Place, but nothing important.  for the most part it just tells the story as we have already pieced together from the show, adding only pointless and unrealistic new occurances (Bobby kills someone, Donna is replaced by an new actor, Coop forsees all the future comings of Laura's murder, etc).  all of the twin peaks charm that you have come to love is gone and the movie really suffers from that.  you can't only give Coop 10 meaningless lines and expect the show to succeed.  i think Lynch's efforts would have been more successful and greatly appreciated if he had made a sequel to the second series, focusing on the complications of Coop being in the Black Lodge, Harry having an emotional attachment to Coop but being forced to bring him down, etc.rent it but by all means don't buy it.  you won't watch it more than once.  this movie is not for those who have invested 25+ hours into the tv show.  although you will better understand what's going on if you have seen the show, none of this will really seem new or interesting to you.  you learn some new facts about Bob and The Man from Another Place, but nothing important.  for the most part it just tells the story as we have already pieced together from the show, adding only pointless and unrealistic new occurances (Bobby kills someone, Donna is replaced by an new actor, Coop forsees all the future comings of Laura's murder, etc).  all of the twin peaks charm that you have come to love is gone and the movie really suffers from that.  you can't only give Coop 10 meaningless lines and expect the show to succeed.  i think Lynch's efforts would have been more successful and greatly appreciated if he had made a sequel to the second series, focusing on the complications of Coop being in the Black Lodge, Harry having an emotional attachment to Coop but being forced to bring him down, etc.i guess if you have never seen the series this may be more interesting, but i dont really think so.  overall, the look and the feel was very foreign and uncomfortable and it moved very slow.  it is somewhat of a letdown coming from a monster writer/director like Lynch.  i'm glad i've seen it, but hell, i'd rather watch dune again before this
 This is the classic WW2 submarine war movie, and most WW2 submarine vets will tell you that this is the best movie.  I greatly enjoyed it and it is true sub action, based on what I read about WW2 submarines.  The special effects are a bit cheesy, you can see the wires pulling the torpedos and you can tell that they used scaled model ships...but if you overlook those items, you get fine acting and a good plot with plenty ofaction
 I HATED THIS MOVIE. It is one of those ones that you keep watching because you think it may get better and it never does... stupid plot - too many holes and stupid ending.
 I suppose if you never read the book, you might think this movie is good... maybe even charming.  But having gone into the theatre with this as my favorite novel, I was so grossly disappointed I can't tell you.  I suppose if you never read the book, you might think this movie is good... maybe even charming.  But having gone into the theatre with this as my favorite novel, I was so grossly disappointed I can't tell you.  See, the book is about two people - Novalee and Willie Jack.  They head West together, until Willie Jack abandons her at a WalMart.  They part ways on more than one level - his life goes as low as a life can, and her life rises beautifully.  It's a study in contrasts, and it's done impeccably in the novel, with a plethora of complex characters to richen the journey... but it didn't translate because of Hollywood's froo-froo mentality.See, the book is about two people - Novalee and Willie Jack.  They head West together, until Willie Jack abandons her at a WalMart.  They part ways on more than one level - his life goes as low as a life can, and her life rises beautifully.  It's a study in contrasts, and it's done impeccably in the novel, with a plethora of complex characters to richen the journey... but it didn't translate because of Hollywood's froo-froo mentality.Hollywood cut Benny Goodluck - a main character in the novel - completely out and shaved Moses(another major character) down to a bit part while making Novalee's one-visit-mother a major player.  And they DESTROYED Forney... who is supposed to be eccentric, late-thirties genius, withdrawn and strange... they turned him into a twenty-something easy-going stud type with a crooked smile.  SO. NOT. FORNEY.  I never wanted to jump thru the screen and slap people so badly in my life.  That horrid.  And Lexie... she's supposed to be a size 22 with four kids and white-trash tendencies... and they put ASHLEY JUDD in the role.  Hello...?!?!  Does that picture at the top look like a size 22 with four kids and white trash tendencies to you? That's just the biggie complaints, too.  Hollywood cut Benny Goodluck - a main character in the novel - completely out and shaved Moses(another major character) down to a bit part while making Novalee's one-visit-mother a major player.  And they DESTROYED Forney... who is supposed to be eccentric, late-thirties genius, withdrawn and strange... they turned him into a twenty-something easy-going stud type with a crooked smile.  SO. NOT. FORNEY.  I never wanted to jump thru the screen and slap people so badly in my life.  That horrid.  And Lexie... she's supposed to be a size 22 with four kids and white-trash tendencies... and they put ASHLEY JUDD in the role.  Hello...?!?!  Does that picture at the top look like a size 22 with four kids and white trash tendencies to you? That's just the biggie complaints, too.  Read the book, don't watch the movie.  You'll be amazed at how inept Hollywood was at telling this story
 This movie is basically about 12 yr. old boys crying with each other.  When does that ever happen?  The dialogue is completely unbelievable considering the age of these kids.  What 12 yr. old worries about "..never getting out of this small town."?  I guess if your childhood consisted of sitting around and crying with your friends, then you might enjoy this movie in some lame nostalgic sense.  I have a feeling Oprah would like this movie. 
 Dont get me wrong, i'm kinda young but i love 80's / 90's movies specially the horror ones.  I had great spectation for early Geoge Romero movies. But both night of the living dead and day of the dead are pretty bad. Gorge Romero is a pionner of the zombie movies and sure a that time they were scarry, but for today standars they are not, even they are not that good for most of the 80's 90's movies.Dont get me wrong, i'm kinda young but i love 80's / 90's movies specially the horror ones.  I had great spectation for early Geoge Romero movies. But both night of the living dead and day of the dead are pretty bad. Gorge Romero is a pionner of the zombie movies and sure a that time they were scarry, but for today standars they are not, even they are not that good for most of the 80's 90's movies.The Bad:The Bad:1. Acting is not beleavible. It looks like the were "acting"2. The dialog's are not how people actually talk.3. The soldiers at "Day Of The Dead" are a shame, they are fat stupid and dont have any dicipline. They behave like a bunch of drunken teenages and they are grown ups3. The soldiers at "Day Of The Dead" are a shame, they are fat stupid and dont have any dicipline. They behave like a bunch of drunken teenages and they are grown ups4. More than half of the movie you just see them talking and yelling each other.5. I think is stupid that zombies behave like living humans (listening music, shooting, "talking" )6. the only 3 scarry moments are just the tipical fast escenes from a quiet moment. Theres is not any frightening atmosfere .6. the only 3 scarry moments are just the tipical fast escenes from a quiet moment. Theres is not any frightening atmosfere .The Good:The Good:1. The gore scenes are really good, maybe too much bloody. It shows how good in cammera effects are rather than computer generated.1. The gore scenes are really good, maybe too much bloody. It shows how good in cammera effects are rather than computer generated.1. The gore scenes are really good, maybe too much bloody. It shows how good in cammera effects are rather than computer generated.So far the only great zombie movie i have seen, beleive it or not is Resident Evil 1.Resident Evil 1 has it all. Resident Evil 2 NOT. Resident Evil 2 is one those "just shoot and kick" movies and I'm not a fan of cliches or indiscrimanated violence ala rambo.  Resident Evil 1 has it all. Resident Evil 2 NOT. Resident Evil 2 is one those "just shoot and kick" movies and I'm not a fan of cliches or indiscrimanated violence ala rambo.  So if you want a gory movie, maybe you may like this movie, but the gore is just at the end of the movie. You will be better pleased with "Cabin Fever".So if you want a gory movie, maybe you may like this movie, but the gore is just at the end of the movie. You will be better pleased with "Cabin Fever".If you want a frighten atmosfere and real fear look somewhere else maybe Resident Evil 1, Poltergeist, the original japanese version of The Ring and The Grouch, ScareCrows. Alien, Aliens and even Alien 3 not Alien 4 (It Sucks).If you want a frighten atmosfere and real fear look somewhere else maybe Resident Evil 1, Poltergeist, the original japanese version of The Ring and The Grouch, ScareCrows. Alien, Aliens and even Alien 3 not Alien 4 (It Sucks).But the Best review is your own so i recomend you rent them and judge them by your own and decide if the worth the price
 this is by far the worst moive I've seen. I LOVE the first secret garden. No one can do a sequel to a moive as good as the origanl. It's a classic. But this sequel is terriable. It controdicts the first moive. It takes the magic away. If you liked the origanl, first moive don't watch this, it will take the magic out of the first moive
 The slight actor in the title role is more suited for light comedy. Unintelligible at time....Not what the books are about
 If your expecting a documentary with the clarity and production value of "End of the Century" or "Filth and the Fury" THIS AIN'T IT!  Picture taking 40 hours of bad home video (really awful sound) and editing together and calling it a documentary. No current interviews, No voice over making any sense of the chaos...No thought to flow or storyline, just a mishmash of stuff banged together. A real dissapointment. The saddest part is that for those fans out there who want it, this material could be a great source for a documentary with actual substance. I've liked the dolls for years and was really excited at the prospect of them getting their due. Its a shame this is what its been reduced to. Shame on everyone involved
 I picked this set up despite reservations (reservations being Luke Perry and the guy from the Cosby Show) because of the creator J. Michael Straczynski. Unfortunately the show is just not up to snuff. I picked this set up despite reservations (reservations being Luke Perry and the guy from the Cosby Show) because of the creator J. Michael Straczynski. Unfortunately the show is just not up to snuff. It's really nothing more then a C average show. Normally that's not a big deal but when you consider this is on a premium channel (Showtime) and costs over $70.00 on DVD it's just not good enough. It's really nothing more then a C average show. Normally that's not a big deal but when you consider this is on a premium channel (Showtime) and costs over $70.00 on DVD it's just not good enough. Specific problems I had with the show include a lot of filler episodes. The season is only 18 episodes long and at least half are stand alones that contribute nothing to the overall story line. The show would have been better off with only 12 episodes all geared towards a single over riding story (this is the model that HBO uses). Specific problems I had with the show include a lot of filler episodes. The season is only 18 episodes long and at least half are stand alones that contribute nothing to the overall story line. The show would have been better off with only 12 episodes all geared towards a single over riding story (this is the model that HBO uses). Production value is also sorely lacking. Once again I'm going to compare to HBO (I feel this is fair since these are both pay to view networks). The HBO series Carnivale has unbelievable production value, the set's, locations, costumes and visual effects are all motion picture quality (the same can be said for Deadwood and Rome but Carnival makes for a better comparison). But Jeremiah all looks the same. You can tell the show was all shot in the same location, every back road and town look like they are in the same county.Production value is also sorely lacking. Once again I'm going to compare to HBO (I feel this is fair since these are both pay to view networks). The HBO series Carnivale has unbelievable production value, the set's, locations, costumes and visual effects are all motion picture quality (the same can be said for Deadwood and Rome but Carnival makes for a better comparison). But Jeremiah all looks the same. You can tell the show was all shot in the same location, every back road and town look like they are in the same county.The biggest problem however is just the premise. A post genocidal virus world populated by orphaned children seems like a good idea but in practice it get's tired fast. I had to force myself through the last 9 episodes. Luke Perry's quest to find Valhalla sector fails to add any intrigue or mystery. Simon's quest to rebuild civilization also comes up flat and any moral or social lessons conveyed are thinly veiled. So basically it is neither exciting nor intelligent. Plus if you need any other reason to dislike this show then know that Jason Presley makes a guest appearance (just what this show needed a 90210 reunion).The biggest problem however is just the premise. A post genocidal virus world populated by orphaned children seems like a good idea but in practice it get's tired fast. I had to force myself through the last 9 episodes. Luke Perry's quest to find Valhalla sector fails to add any intrigue or mystery. Simon's quest to rebuild civilization also comes up flat and any moral or social lessons conveyed are thinly veiled. So basically it is neither exciting nor intelligent. Plus if you need any other reason to dislike this show then know that Jason Presley makes a guest appearance (just what this show needed a 90210 reunion).If you're looking for a great show this is not it. If you can watch it cheap give a whirl but don't waste any hard earned cash on this one
 I hate to trash on an American Classic... but this was truly horrible.  I thought my son would like this due to the flying car.  It took hours of TORTURE to get to that scene.  Horrible, horrible film.  Mindless, drawn-out banter, and weak story line.  Our copy eventually broke (stepped on?) --- we felt SOOO lucky to have it gone.  "One Star" seems like a generous rating
 Well, I wrote the review about this set, and boy was I disappointed when I got it.  I see that the company who produced it must have paid very little in royalties as there are numerous silent episodes and ones with the lesser caracters.  1 disc has spanky and alfalfa and the fifth is a sad attempt at filling out this collection.  The transfers are terrible and the sound is worse.  Come on guys, at least try to put some effort into it!!!  I got the set, watched it&lt; and traded it in at the local hock shop for something i could use.  What a waste of money!!
 Gina is just like the protesters--she just doesn't "get it!" The liberal way of doing ANYthing is throw more of our tax money at it! Whereas Africa's problems including poverty & AIDS will NEVER be solved UNTIL they get the birth rate down! As long as more babies are born than people dying, their population goes up--VERY bad. The only way to eliminate poverty is LESS children!! Send money for that but nothing else. 
 The concept of this movie looked interesting but as the story unfolded "The Girl in the Cafe" turned out to be a left-wing political message.  I wonder if the writer of this movie realized the blatant hypocrisy in the character "Gina"?  Gina browbeats the members of the G8 conference over the terrible poverty and suffering in the world, particularly involving children while she initiates a sexual relationship with a man she barely knows.  Does the thought ever cross her mind (or the person writing the script?) that casual sex is one of the primary reasons for the rampant spread of HIV/AIDS, all varieties of venereal disease, children born out of wedlock, etc?  Maybe Gina should look at her own life before judging other so harshly.The concept of this movie looked interesting but as the story unfolded "The Girl in the Cafe" turned out to be a left-wing political message.  I wonder if the writer of this movie realized the blatant hypocrisy in the character "Gina"?  Gina browbeats the members of the G8 conference over the terrible poverty and suffering in the world, particularly involving children while she initiates a sexual relationship with a man she barely knows.  Does the thought ever cross her mind (or the person writing the script?) that casual sex is one of the primary reasons for the rampant spread of HIV/AIDS, all varieties of venereal disease, children born out of wedlock, etc?  Maybe Gina should look at her own life before judging other so harshly.This movie is unrated at the time of this writing but would likely receive an R rating for nudity and language
 This should be called the "John Ford tiny collection", as most of his major films are not included. Even "John Ford the early years" would at least alert customers to the fact that this is only a small sampling of Ford's work.This should be called the "John Ford tiny collection", as most of his major films are not included. Even "John Ford the early years" would at least alert customers to the fact that this is only a small sampling of Ford's work.Shame on Amazon for their collaboration in this matter, and for advertising the John Wayne/John Ford collection so closely that it is easy to mistake one for the other.
 For me this movie is a painfull thing to watch. I wish that I could give this 0 stars. The infamous fake "O" scene kind of recked true intamacy for me. It may be true that women do this but it is one of the worst kind of lie imaginable. For me this movie is a painfull thing to watch. I wish that I could give this 0 stars. The infamous fake "O" scene kind of recked true intamacy for me. It may be true that women do this but it is one of the worst kind of lie imaginable. One of the truths for us guys is that when we are cuddiling with a woman we fanasise that we are with the first girl we fell in love with. One of the truths for us guys is that when we are cuddiling with a woman we fanasise that we are with the first girl we fell in love with. Just FYI.  
 Trinity Collection is a Bootleg. Picture is extremly poor. 3 movies for $10. Too bad, I like Trinity, she's cute. Ooops, wrong Trinity..
 This film is definitely not a masterpiece. I found it incredibly dry and incomprehensibly over-rated. Yes, the film was bleak but inexplicably bleak. To make matters worse, the main character seems to resolve her numbness almost out of nowhere. Perhaps I missed something gigantic because I was trying not to fall asleep while watching this drag on but I would not attempt to see it again. However, there were a couple of memorable scenes.  I would strongly advise renting it before purchase. Some people do love the film but I don't understand why
 I would love to review this Lions Gate DVD, but I can't catch one word in ten.  It is NOT, as advertised, closed-captioned, and the characters' speech is too casual and British for me to get.  Drat! -- I was so chuffed to see there was a cc version
 I was not happy with this purchase.  This video only taught 10 min. of teaching followed by 30 min of a porn flick at the end.  The teaching was informative balanced with different women with various shapes and builds, I could have used more teaching and less of a porn show.  This was a waste of money!  There are a few more reviews like mine so take our advise.
 I don't know how I managed to see this gory splatterfest TWICE in college.It's a terrible movie (next to that other awful movie "Wild Wild West" which also stars Salma Hayek)I don't know how I managed to see this gory splatterfest TWICE in college.It's a terrible movie (next to that other awful movie "Wild Wild West" which also stars Salma Hayek)Quentin Tarantino&George Clooney play a pair of ne'er do wells who take a family hostage.They end up going to a strip joint filled with evil vampires...and battling them until dawn.Turns out that the strip joint is built on top of an Aztec temple,hence the bloodsucking strippers.Quentin Tarantino&George Clooney play a pair of ne'er do wells who take a family hostage.They end up going to a strip joint filled with evil vampires...and battling them until dawn.Turns out that the strip joint is built on top of an Aztec temple,hence the bloodsucking strippers.George Clooney managed to overcome this,as well as "Batman&Robin" to get into "Syriana"&"Good Night,and Good Luck." He's a talented actor;too bad he couldn't save this movie through sheer charm.When it comes to heists,he's better in "Ocean'e Eleven" as a dapper casino-robbing metrosexual.George Clooney managed to overcome this,as well as "Batman&Robin" to get into "Syriana"&"Good Night,and Good Luck." He's a talented actor;too bad he couldn't save this movie through sheer charm.When it comes to heists,he's better in "Ocean'e Eleven" as a dapper casino-robbing metrosexual.Avoid this movie,unless you REALLY like gruesome,violent movies..
 How could Mr. Cameron take a subject like this and a cast and brig out the worst in everybody?How could Mr. Cameron take a subject like this and a cast and brig out the worst in everybody?The production design and cinematopraphy are sumptuos, but the script and dialogue are so banal, the fine cast delivering one empty performance after another. (Including Leo, who was so good in "What's Eating Gilbert Grape?" in 1993 when I didn't yet know who he was, I thought he was really a cute little retarded kid... yet in "Titanic", there's just nothing there--- or nothing permitted). The production design and cinematopraphy are sumptuos, but the script and dialogue are so banal, the fine cast delivering one empty performance after another. (Including Leo, who was so good in "What's Eating Gilbert Grape?" in 1993 when I didn't yet know who he was, I thought he was really a cute little retarded kid... yet in "Titanic", there's just nothing there--- or nothing permitted). Talk about a SHIP wreck!!Talk about a SHIP wreck!!Only the two studio-backed block voting resulted in the record-tying Oscar wins/nominations.  Only the two studio-backed block voting resulted in the record-tying Oscar wins/nominations.  
 When I saw the movie, it was so predictable. Halfway into it, the broadcasts were so lame as well as the so-called live-footage. Total rip-off of "War of the Worlds." Reminded me of an NBC-TV movie from the early 80's called, "Special Bulletin." Much better with it's live-broadcasts! The only thing i liked about this movie, when I switched back to catch it's climax ending. They never even saw their ever-ending doom.Sure put's the military in it's place!Sure put's the military in it's place!
 I AM PRETTY EASY TO PLEASE WHEN IT COMES TO MOVIES.LOW BUDGET,HIGH BUDGET,DOESN'T MATTER.THIS MOVIE IS ACTUALLY THE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY 45 YEARS OF VIEWING.WAS TOTALLY NOT BELIEVABLE AND THE WRITING AND DIRECTING WAS SHABBY AT BEST.DON'T WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED BUCKS ON THIS LEMON!!!!
 Into The Woods is one of my Sondheim favorites.  Having seen the PBS presentation of this, I am thoroughly dismayed at how poorly this DVD is edited.  Rather than allowing one to be engaged by the staging and character interaction, this DVD uses pan and scan to isolate characters and provide sometimes inappropriate close-ups.  This especially detracts from what one wishes to see in a play; the staging.  By forcing the viewer's perspective, this version does a disservice to a very fine play that investigates our relationships with each other through fairy tales and their aftermath.Into The Woods is one of my Sondheim favorites.  Having seen the PBS presentation of this, I am thoroughly dismayed at how poorly this DVD is edited.  Rather than allowing one to be engaged by the staging and character interaction, this DVD uses pan and scan to isolate characters and provide sometimes inappropriate close-ups.  This especially detracts from what one wishes to see in a play; the staging.  By forcing the viewer's perspective, this version does a disservice to a very fine play that investigates our relationships with each other through fairy tales and their aftermath.I am hoping that somebody releases a version that does not presume to edit out the director's vision
 I purchased this movie because I love Chris Cooper as an actor and because the reviews were very positive.  I played the movie yesterday and boy, was I disappointed.I purchased this movie because I love Chris Cooper as an actor and because the reviews were very positive.  I played the movie yesterday and boy, was I disappointed.The movie was much too slow and boring. I love mysteries and hate dramas therefore I thought the little personal stories throughout with flashbacks actually detracted from what I thought was going to be a good mystery story.  In the end the mystery is solved with a thud and don't get me started on the quasi Luke & Leia moment at the end.  PLEASE!
 this is a "horror" movie in the sense that it is incredibly grating and all the people in it act like total garbage.  I don't mean the acting is garbage, though it is.  I mean that all the characters in the movie are complete human garbage, such as make you want to start your own special death camp just to get rid of them.  If the aim of the movie was to turn the viewer into a one-man murder wave, then... bingo.  I am locked and loaded and ready to ratatatatatatatattat.... blow away the cast
 I generally admire Jennifer Aniston's work so I picked this up when the video store offered a second rental free with the purchase of two bags of popcorn.  Sadly, watching the popcorn pop was more interesting than the movie.  If you went to sleep after the first 10 minutes, you would't miss much since nothing really happens.  If it's a comedy, it isn't funny. If it's a slice of life, the lives are deadly dull.  The emotional level is so low-key you suspect the entire group is on valium.  Jenifer Aniston especially, seems to have phoned this one in.   I generally admire Jennifer Aniston's work so I picked this up when the video store offered a second rental free with the purchase of two bags of popcorn.  Sadly, watching the popcorn pop was more interesting than the movie.  If you went to sleep after the first 10 minutes, you would't miss much since nothing really happens.  If it's a comedy, it isn't funny. If it's a slice of life, the lives are deadly dull.  The emotional level is so low-key you suspect the entire group is on valium.  Jenifer Aniston especially, seems to have phoned this one in.   Real characters?  As it happens, I've known thousands of real people over the years and not a one bears the slightest resemblance to any of these sad-sack characters.  If they're actually representative of real Americans then we're in big trouble!  My wife & I had the same reaction at the end of this one ..... "THAT"S IT??!!"
 Dull and pointless.  How could Jennifer Aniston read this script and think that doing this film was a good idea?  We had to turn it off about half-way through.  Shallow, boring, superficial; take your pick.  It's like a contest--which character's life sucks the most.  If you're going to depress people, at least make it interesting.  Would it have been so hard for the writers to mix in a PLOT with their nihilism
 Colin Firth and Kevin Bacon head up the cast as a comedy duo from the 50's whose careers are ruined by a scandal involving the murder of a young woman. Bacon does a pretty good job as a creepy funny man, with Firth as the anchor of the team. Off-stage the comedy roles they play are echoed in their lives. But I found "Truth" confusing and unengaging. I found it hard to care at all about the demise of the duo. And as several have noted, Lohman as the reporter who seeks to uncover the mystery of the murder is not credible. Give this one a pass
 "The human race today is in a really bad state, mainly because most people do not want to wake up. They want to be told how to behave instead of understanding their own power." -- Miceal Ledwith in The Great Questions in the Hamburger Universe, Vol. 1 of Deep Deceptions"The human race today is in a really bad state, mainly because most people do not want to wake up. They want to be told how to behave instead of understanding their own power." -- Miceal Ledwith in The Great Questions in the Hamburger Universe, Vol. 1 of Deep DeceptionsI thoroughly enjoyed the DVD "What the BLEEP Do We Know!?" mostly for the engaging snippets of dialogue from scientists, theologians, and mystics. I also enjoyed Ramtha's DVD "Create Your Day", even though it wasn't quite as good as the BLEEP cameos. I thoroughly enjoyed the DVD "What the BLEEP Do We Know!?" mostly for the engaging snippets of dialogue from scientists, theologians, and mystics. I also enjoyed Ramtha's DVD "Create Your Day", even though it wasn't quite as good as the BLEEP cameos. It was with great expectations that I viewed The Great Questions in the Hamburger Universe, Vol. 1 of Deep Deceptions by Miceal Ledwith. Unfortunately, the plodding pace of the 57 minute DVD--as well as the ramblings of Ledwith--was very disappointing.It was with great expectations that I viewed The Great Questions in the Hamburger Universe, Vol. 1 of Deep Deceptions by Miceal Ledwith. Unfortunately, the plodding pace of the 57 minute DVD--as well as the ramblings of Ledwith--was very disappointing.Ledwith brings up some great points in this DVD, but never goes beyond the surface. He asserts that thinking people have discarded most of the infantile tenants of the "hamburger universe" (i.e. the "vault of the heavens" overhead with the vault of hell underneath). Yet, instead of treating his audience as intelligent folk, he makes nebulous comments without explaining the "what and why".Ledwith brings up some great points in this DVD, but never goes beyond the surface. He asserts that thinking people have discarded most of the infantile tenants of the "hamburger universe" (i.e. the "vault of the heavens" overhead with the vault of hell underneath). Yet, instead of treating his audience as intelligent folk, he makes nebulous comments without explaining the "what and why".He mentions string theory (quantum physics) and the "true" nature of the big bang, going on to say that levitation isn't a "miracle" but only a matter of superseding gravity with the "Torsion Field". The problem is that he's tossing about these terms in support of Jesus' words that "ye are all gods" and "greater works than these shall you do" without actually explaining the meaning or *science* of a Torsion Field and just how consciousness supersedes natural laws. (FYI: The Torsion Field is quantum spin waves of empty space. Einstein and Elie Cartan did some preliminary work on this theory in the 1920's. The Einstein-Cartan theory could possibly be used to explain ESP, among other things.)He mentions string theory (quantum physics) and the "true" nature of the big bang, going on to say that levitation isn't a "miracle" but only a matter of superseding gravity with the "Torsion Field". The problem is that he's tossing about these terms in support of Jesus' words that "ye are all gods" and "greater works than these shall you do" without actually explaining the meaning or *science* of a Torsion Field and just how consciousness supersedes natural laws. (FYI: The Torsion Field is quantum spin waves of empty space. Einstein and Elie Cartan did some preliminary work on this theory in the 1920's. The Einstein-Cartan theory could possibly be used to explain ESP, among other things.)Ledwith spends a good portion of the DVD highlighting the silliness of traditional Christianity, including the clouds and harps of heaven. He goes on and on about how a cloud is, in reality, damp and would be uncomfortable to sit on (duh) and that if one were to play the harp for eternity, they'd wear down the fingers to the third knuckle. I understand highlighting the damage that traditional Christian thought has caused humanity, especially in terms of evolution. In fact, as a former minister trained in theology myself, I probably "get it" more than most.Ledwith spends a good portion of the DVD highlighting the silliness of traditional Christianity, including the clouds and harps of heaven. He goes on and on about how a cloud is, in reality, damp and would be uncomfortable to sit on (duh) and that if one were to play the harp for eternity, they'd wear down the fingers to the third knuckle. I understand highlighting the damage that traditional Christian thought has caused humanity, especially in terms of evolution. In fact, as a former minister trained in theology myself, I probably "get it" more than most.But while poking fun at Christian thought is popular these days, you had *better* have some theological and scientific claims to back up your assertions--especially if you want to be a part of the "thinking". Christian apologists know their Bible inside and out, so if Ledwith wants to undermine their fear-based, illogical ideas he needs to do so with his supposed area of expertise...THEOLOGY. Heck, even at a simplified level, all one has to do is consider that if an individual set a paddle on fire and repeatedly hit a baby with it over and over and over, this act would be considered a barbaric tragedy condemned by Christians (and others, of course). But while poking fun at Christian thought is popular these days, you had *better* have some theological and scientific claims to back up your assertions--especially if you want to be a part of the "thinking". Christian apologists know their Bible inside and out, so if Ledwith wants to undermine their fear-based, illogical ideas he needs to do so with his supposed area of expertise...THEOLOGY. Heck, even at a simplified level, all one has to do is consider that if an individual set a paddle on fire and repeatedly hit a baby with it over and over and over, this act would be considered a barbaric tragedy condemned by Christians (and others, of course). Yet, God the Father would do much worse by condemning humanity to eternal torment forever and ever? Apologists would say "Well, humans CHOOSE to go to hell." The interesting thing is that the Bible says "no man can come to the Father except the Holy Spirit draws him" because his understanding is "darkened". Yet, God the Father would do much worse by condemning humanity to eternal torment forever and ever? Apologists would say "Well, humans CHOOSE to go to hell." The interesting thing is that the Bible says "no man can come to the Father except the Holy Spirit draws him" because his understanding is "darkened". This is just one of the many points that Ledwith could bring up, but instead, he preaches to the New Age choir by ridiculing monotheistic religions (primarily Christianity) via nebulous assertions. In fairness, Ledwith makes excellent points, but nothing that you couldn't get (much more eloquently) from Marianne Williamson, Gary Zukav, Eckhart Tolle, Neale Donald Walsch, and others. Some of these points are:This is just one of the many points that Ledwith could bring up, but instead, he preaches to the New Age choir by ridiculing monotheistic religions (primarily Christianity) via nebulous assertions. In fairness, Ledwith makes excellent points, but nothing that you couldn't get (much more eloquently) from Marianne Williamson, Gary Zukav, Eckhart Tolle, Neale Donald Walsch, and others. Some of these points are:"We are pawns tossed about by those people we perceive as more capable and enlightened than us.""We are pawns tossed about by those people we perceive as more capable and enlightened than us.""If Jesus were on Earth today, he wouldn't recognize his own teachings.""If Jesus were on Earth today, he wouldn't recognize his own teachings.""Anyone who looks back at our history can only be appalled at the small-mindedness, the hostility, the barbarism that has characterized our whole traverse as a race.""Anyone who looks back at our history can only be appalled at the small-mindedness, the hostility, the barbarism that has characterized our whole traverse as a race.""We don't realize how following another's image of God is spiritually and evolutionarily limiting. We don't even think of it.""We don't realize how following another's image of God is spiritually and evolutionarily limiting. We don't even think of it.""The flat earth mentality still corrupts and completely distorts our fundamental beliefs at the basic level still today.""The flat earth mentality still corrupts and completely distorts our fundamental beliefs at the basic level still today.""We've never gotten rid of the Inquistatorial mind to this day.""We've never gotten rid of the Inquistatorial mind to this day.""The answers we've been given by religion are bizarre, emotionally charged, and childish.""The answers we've been given by religion are bizarre, emotionally charged, and childish.""Heaven varies according to the broker (Christian denomination), but the basis is pretty much the same: earning credits for good behavior so you can immigrate to heaven.""Heaven varies according to the broker (Christian denomination), but the basis is pretty much the same: earning credits for good behavior so you can immigrate to heaven.""God is just a human magnified (in monotheism). We take these categories from the lowest plains of existence and impose them upon the Divine. As a result, we're left with something so sentimental, mawkish, and inaccurate that it bears no relationship to reality.""God is just a human magnified (in monotheism). We take these categories from the lowest plains of existence and impose them upon the Divine. As a result, we're left with something so sentimental, mawkish, and inaccurate that it bears no relationship to reality.""Whatever God is has no gender. These childish images are holding us back.""Whatever God is has no gender. These childish images are holding us back."Ledwith makes other interesting comments, but they beg for elaboration. One such comment is:Ledwith makes other interesting comments, but they beg for elaboration. One such comment is:"(That) Jesus' death was to appease the vengeance of a savage God...this had NOTHING to do with what Jesus Christ did.""(That) Jesus' death was to appease the vengeance of a savage God...this had NOTHING to do with what Jesus Christ did."I'd love to hear his explanation of the crucifixion! Spiritual teachers such as Williamson have brilliantly explained the metaphysical aspects of the crucifixion of Christ. Does Ledwith have a clue as to why Jesus died? If he did, why didn't he share it?I'd love to hear his explanation of the crucifixion! Spiritual teachers such as Williamson have brilliantly explained the metaphysical aspects of the crucifixion of Christ. Does Ledwith have a clue as to why Jesus died? If he did, why didn't he share it?He quotes Jesus by saying "greater works (than I) shall you do", attempting to make the case that humans are living far below their potential--mostly due to a flat earth mentality. What he fails to mention, however, is that polemicists and theologians debate the meaning of "greater works" (meizona toutn in the Greek) in terms of whether "greater" refers to quantity versus quality. (My Greek professor made a case for the former, saying that converts would multiply miracles by sheer numbers.)He quotes Jesus by saying "greater works (than I) shall you do", attempting to make the case that humans are living far below their potential--mostly due to a flat earth mentality. What he fails to mention, however, is that polemicists and theologians debate the meaning of "greater works" (meizona toutn in the Greek) in terms of whether "greater" refers to quantity versus quality. (My Greek professor made a case for the former, saying that converts would multiply miracles by sheer numbers.)Ledwith also perpetuates the biggest misquote circulated in New Age circles, attributing "It's not our weakness that frightens us, it's our power" to Nelson Mandela. The actual quote is "Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure...", which was uttered by Marianne Williamson in her book "A Return to Love".Ledwith also perpetuates the biggest misquote circulated in New Age circles, attributing "It's not our weakness that frightens us, it's our power" to Nelson Mandela. The actual quote is "Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure...", which was uttered by Marianne Williamson in her book "A Return to Love".One of Ledwith's comments that I found particularly insightful is "As human knowledge grows, the territory of God shrinks. God becomes a refugee." The "God of the gaps", as he called it, are areas that we try to fill with human knowledge in the attempt to explain what we don't yet understand. An example would be ancient paganism attributing lightning to the actions of Zeus. Despite this interesting observation, it's not enough to enliven the rest of the DVD.One of Ledwith's comments that I found particularly insightful is "As human knowledge grows, the territory of God shrinks. God becomes a refugee." The "God of the gaps", as he called it, are areas that we try to fill with human knowledge in the attempt to explain what we don't yet understand. An example would be ancient paganism attributing lightning to the actions of Zeus. Despite this interesting observation, it's not enough to enliven the rest of the DVD.What separates the tight, insightful segements in "What the BLEEP Do We Know!?" from this DVD is that the conversations captured in BLEEP were the result of directors Chasse, Arntz and Vincente ASKING probing questions of the experts...questions borne out of the directors' own curiosity and personal paths. On The Great Questions in the Hamburger Universe, Vol. 1 of Deep Deceptions, however, Ledwith is left to ramble at the camera rather aimlessly, which doesn't make for good viewing and does not offer lucid alternatives to the flat earth mentality of the hamburger universe. Perhaps this is more the fault of "director" JZ Knight.What separates the tight, insightful segements in "What the BLEEP Do We Know!?" from this DVD is that the conversations captured in BLEEP were the result of directors Chasse, Arntz and Vincente ASKING probing questions of the experts...questions borne out of the directors' own curiosity and personal paths. On The Great Questions in the Hamburger Universe, Vol. 1 of Deep Deceptions, however, Ledwith is left to ramble at the camera rather aimlessly, which doesn't make for good viewing and does not offer lucid alternatives to the flat earth mentality of the hamburger universe. Perhaps this is more the fault of "director" JZ Knight.In the end, I couldn't help but feel like this DVD was thrown together in order to capitalize on BLEEP's popularity. Let's hope the subsequent installments of this series are tighter, deeper, and smarter
 "Chamber" was always the worst entry in the Harry Potter series, but this film adaptation manages to take what was already a crappy story and make it even worse. Choppy editing, horrible humor personified by the untalented Rupert Grint, smug acting by the equally untalented Emma Watson, poor screenwriting by that hack Steve Kloves and incompetent direction by the other hack Chris Columbus makes this a very unpleasant experience. "Chamber" was always the worst entry in the Harry Potter series, but this film adaptation manages to take what was already a crappy story and make it even worse. Choppy editing, horrible humor personified by the untalented Rupert Grint, smug acting by the equally untalented Emma Watson, poor screenwriting by that hack Steve Kloves and incompetent direction by the other hack Chris Columbus makes this a very unpleasant experience. Skip it if you can.
 Perhaps this video will satisfy the readers of Lincoln's various works, such as The Sacred Place, The Messianic Legacy, and Holy Blood, Holy Grail, or at least show them the places discussed in detail within those books. The DVD will probably be a fine asset for those currently reading the aforementioned books. Perhaps this video will satisfy the readers of Lincoln's various works, such as The Sacred Place, The Messianic Legacy, and Holy Blood, Holy Grail, or at least show them the places discussed in detail within those books. The DVD will probably be a fine asset for those currently reading the aforementioned books. However, it is simply not successful as a stand-alone video or as a video about The Da Vinci Code. The narrator, Mr. Lincoln, takes us through the quaint and beautiful countryside of the Languedoc, home to the Cathar heresy and the Albigensian Crusade, and points out some interesting details in his wandering. Yet he rarely ties the details together into a coherent picture, and often makes comments that would seem to undercut the very idea that he intends to create a coherent picture. As well, he relishes in showing the destruction wrought to many of these mysterious details by treasure hunters and vandals (many inspired, it would seem, by Lincoln's books) and repeatedly editorializes against their actions. I finally fell asleep at around the 90 minute mark---I cannot imagine what else Mr. Lincoln could have found to drone on about for the remaining half hour.    
 I go to abs classes frequently and wanted to get this DVD to help mix up my routine and give me something to do if I didn't want to leave the house.  I was a little disappointed in this DVD.  I love Self Magazine and their workouts and the amazon reviews made it seem very promising.  The routines are broken down into four separate workouts.  The only one that involved any effort on my part was the Pilates-inspired section.  As for the rest, the other sections would have you do too few reps, I felt, to get your muscles warmed up, let alone reshape them.  I think this DVD is great for beginners.  Its simple enough to follow and it won't scare you away too soon.  But if you're like me and you workout on a regular basis and just want a new routine, this probably isn't the abs workout for you
 I looked at the name (Groovaloos) and I looked at the cover -- and my gut told me not to get this DVD. I went against my gut and believed the reviews; I wish I'd listened to my gut. For those of you who think it looks and sounds a little hokey, you're right on the money. They can all dance, but compared to what I expected, they seemed mediocre. Here's the lowdown: (1) the sound sucks - they're in a city park and you can hear the instructions fine, but the music isn't loud enough to really "feel" something that makes you want to move, (2) they just seem like a group of people who don't naturally have a rhythm, but they've learned some moves; it's SO not inspiring, (3) it's not edgy enough, and (4) it looks good if you've got a group doing it, but when someone's doing it alone, it's just okay. Overall, this DVD was okay, but not great. Get it only if you're truly desperate
 I was a huge fan of the books growing up, and a lover of the period and Jannette Oke's books. I had greatly enjoyed the first movie and was eagerly looking forward to watching the next in the series. Well, I just finished -- and could hardly stop from yawning while I watched!  I was a huge fan of the books growing up, and a lover of the period and Jannette Oke's books. I had greatly enjoyed the first movie and was eagerly looking forward to watching the next in the series. Well, I just finished -- and could hardly stop from yawning while I watched!  The movie started out well enough.  Wonderful filming, great costuming, glorious rolling hills and large trees transport you back in time.  No, the faults definitely do not lie with the production of the movie.The movie started out well enough.  Wonderful filming, great costuming, glorious rolling hills and large trees transport you back in time.  No, the faults definitely do not lie with the production of the movie.The scriptwriting and acting seemed to have gone down a notch.  I remembered the tomboyish Missie from the last film and couldn't wait to see her older.  The actress portraying the older Missie just did not do her justice! While she was pretty, she read most of her lines flat, with little emotion.  The worst was the very ending, which was supposed to have been a heart-breaking moment between father and daughter, instead fell completely flat.  In fact, most of the scenes with Missie had me checking to see how much time the movie had left.The scriptwriting and acting seemed to have gone down a notch.  I remembered the tomboyish Missie from the last film and couldn't wait to see her older.  The actress portraying the older Missie just did not do her justice! While she was pretty, she read most of her lines flat, with little emotion.  The worst was the very ending, which was supposed to have been a heart-breaking moment between father and daughter, instead fell completely flat.  In fact, most of the scenes with Missie had me checking to see how much time the movie had left.I think there were several attempts to portray Missie as spirited (like her chasing the chicken in the restaurant), but to me they just felt out of place from the new placid Missie we were continually seeing.  I think there were several attempts to portray Missie as spirited (like her chasing the chicken in the restaurant), but to me they just felt out of place from the new placid Missie we were continually seeing.  Apart from that, the rest of the cast was average, with a few star moments here and there.  I can't remember the book very well to check for accuracy, but the story was so-so as well -- melodrama only reared its head in a few places.  Apart from that, the rest of the cast was average, with a few star moments here and there.  I can't remember the book very well to check for accuracy, but the story was so-so as well -- melodrama only reared its head in a few places.  Only if you want to keep up-to-date with the series, I would recommend this.  Otherwise, I'm glad they replaced Missie's actress for the next film.  Perhaps we'll get to see a more energetic performance.
 Viewing a movie as an adult that you once enjoyed as a kid is a good way to see if it stands the test of time. Many of those films that stand the test of time are from the Fantasy genre, including Labyrinth and Dark Crystal. Would I add Neverending Story to that list? Hell no. The dubbing is atrocious (funny Germans), and the costumes and "effects" are flat-out bad. Labyrinth looks better than many movies released these days, and easily trumped Neverending Story when it was released two years later. The story and plot had the potential to be interesting, but the execution makes Neverending fall flat. And sure, Neverending Story may have advocated reading in the mid-80's, but Labyrinth advocated the use of psychedelics, which is the next step up for mind expansion
 unwatchable  !!!!!--over rated poet-- singers who sing off key---- aggrandizing this mediocrity is ludicrous---
 I hope people don't start to think of this movie as Alien 5.  In my mind this is a whole new venture, one that is separate from any of the work that Sigourney Weaver did on the first four Alien films.  The first 4 films are pretty good and I really like the whole series.  It works rather well and I would love to see another Alien film with Sigourney in it.  I think they could pull off one more film.  Ripley's a great hero.I hope people don't start to think of this movie as Alien 5.  In my mind this is a whole new venture, one that is separate from any of the work that Sigourney Weaver did on the first four Alien films.  The first 4 films are pretty good and I really like the whole series.  It works rather well and I would love to see another Alien film with Sigourney in it.  I think they could pull off one more film.  Ripley's a great hero.This movie was pretty bad.  The only reason I give it 2 stars is because of the special effects.  I felt like I was watching a Scooby Doo version of Alien.  Whoever greenlit this film clearly just wanted to make money.  The plot was..well..stupid and the atmosphere of the movie was pretty much non-existent.  Each of the first four Alien movies were provocative in some sense no doubt because of Sigourney's involvement.  This one was as boring as a white wall and it was as cheesy as a funhouse at a state fair.
 Francisco was right, this film is about as well-conceived as buttcrust.Francisco was right, this film is about as well-conceived as buttcrust.The review on the back of the dvd says "jaw dropping, " but the full quote probably reads "jaw dropping (because i was lulled to sleep like a baby)". There is about 30 seconds of truly jaw dropping footage, in the zombie attack scenes, but these scenes only account for maybe 5 minutes of the movie. The rest of this film consists of the ear-bleeding whines and yawn-inducing infighting of the human characters, ill-conceived and extremely unlikable caricatures of a pseudo-cynical and extremely redundant "evil side of human nature" message that would be better left to Jean Renoir (or even Adam Sandler considering the results here). I don't watch zombie movies for the characters, especially characters so vapid and unengaging. It seemed like the script writer read a novice's How To pamphlet and said "yeah, it needs some CONFLICT". If these characters weren't so constipated and bloated I'd give them a chance. One Amazon reviewer tries to justify all of the one-dimensional absurdity by crowning it with the weighty title of "social commentary," but that's just a mindless knee-jerk observation that fails to ascertain whether it was carried out sucessfully. It wasn't.  You'd get more insight watching a kid frying ants with a magnifying glass. The critical ambitions of this movie are ill-fitting and embarassing, and ultimately just plain disappointing since they allot almost no time to showcase the director's real talent, which is (you guessed it) the lovely undead. The rest is monotonous dreck.   I don't know why horror directors have so much insecurity about the worth of their strengths that they feel they need to shroud them in a poor man's dramatic rags. The review on the back of the dvd says "jaw dropping, " but the full quote probably reads "jaw dropping (because i was lulled to sleep like a baby)". There is about 30 seconds of truly jaw dropping footage, in the zombie attack scenes, but these scenes only account for maybe 5 minutes of the movie. The rest of this film consists of the ear-bleeding whines and yawn-inducing infighting of the human characters, ill-conceived and extremely unlikable caricatures of a pseudo-cynical and extremely redundant "evil side of human nature" message that would be better left to Jean Renoir (or even Adam Sandler considering the results here). I don't watch zombie movies for the characters, especially characters so vapid and unengaging. It seemed like the script writer read a novice's How To pamphlet and said "yeah, it needs some CONFLICT". If these characters weren't so constipated and bloated I'd give them a chance. One Amazon reviewer tries to justify all of the one-dimensional absurdity by crowning it with the weighty title of "social commentary," but that's just a mindless knee-jerk observation that fails to ascertain whether it was carried out sucessfully. It wasn't.  You'd get more insight watching a kid frying ants with a magnifying glass. The critical ambitions of this movie are ill-fitting and embarassing, and ultimately just plain disappointing since they allot almost no time to showcase the director's real talent, which is (you guessed it) the lovely undead. The rest is monotonous dreck.   I don't know why horror directors have so much insecurity about the worth of their strengths that they feel they need to shroud them in a poor man's dramatic rags. All that aside, the ending is the worst anticlimatic cop-out in the history of horror movies. A horror movie that sucks for 3/4 of its duration needs a cool climax to redeem itself, but the cut-away at the end makes you wanna kick the director in the gonads. Sorry, but anyone who calls this a classic is a friggin soundbite-repeating moron. 
 There was one scary moment in this movie--the quick scene showing the girl in the closet when she dies..now that was creepy. I then awaited more moments like that.  Nothing. nada. Lame.  Tries way too hard to be creepy and artsy and just landed up being dumb.  And that young boy what is up with that?? He's trying to be like the kid in the Sixth Sense (who was brilliant and totally believable).  This movie did not scare me.  And the idea of people being afraid to use VHS tapes after this? Come on. 
 i have not seen this movie, nor do i EVER want to. i've only seen the previews on tv and read about it in previews. why do i think it's probably one of the stupidest, pointless movies on the face of the earth?, because i bet just about every guy who's had trouble getting girls watched it, took notes, and believed each and every single thing that was in this movie, and believed every sentence that was in this movie where you got to hear the woman thinking out loud in the movie. i bet many guys took this movie way too seriously.i have not seen this movie, nor do i EVER want to. i've only seen the previews on tv and read about it in previews. why do i think it's probably one of the stupidest, pointless movies on the face of the earth?, because i bet just about every guy who's had trouble getting girls watched it, took notes, and believed each and every single thing that was in this movie, and believed every sentence that was in this movie where you got to hear the woman thinking out loud in the movie. i bet many guys took this movie way too seriously.well, i bet some of the stuff said in there where it has the woman thinking out loud was garbage. not all women are the same, and not all men are the same... you can't believe every thing a woman says. not all women want what that one individual woman wants and some women lie. but hey, nobody's perfect. every guy had individual tastes too, and guys lie sometimes to.well, i bet some of the stuff said in there where it has the woman thinking out loud was garbage. not all women are the same, and not all men are the same... you can't believe every thing a woman says. not all women want what that one individual woman wants and some women lie. but hey, nobody's perfect. every guy had individual tastes too, and guys lie sometimes to.i for one, as far what i finad sexually appealing with a woman's appearance, like women who are a tad bigger. i like'em to weigh about 140 to 160 lbs. if they're around 5'5" to 5'7". yet there are guys who like petite women(i personlly don't know why).i for one, as far what i finad sexually appealing with a woman's appearance, like women who are a tad bigger. i like'em to weigh about 140 to 160 lbs. if they're around 5'5" to 5'7". yet there are guys who like petite women(i personlly don't know why).there shouldn't be a movie that tries to help guys get girls. the movie title "what women want" was just wrong. i bet many guys thought of it as the gateway to seriously improving their game if they're looking for a date.there shouldn't be a movie that tries to help guys get girls. the movie title "what women want" was just wrong. i bet many guys thought of it as the gateway to seriously improving their game if they're looking for a date.there shouldn't be a movie that tries to help guys get girls. the movie title "what women want" was just wrong. i bet many guys thought of it as the gateway to seriously improving their game if they're looking for a date.i personally think guys put way too much emphasis on trying to find out what women want. i don't think that should be necessary. i think it's ridiculous. i think the guy should be himself like the girl is practially all the time and just feel good about himself. not every girl is going to be into every guy... i think self-confidence is probably the most important thing for a guy to have when trying to get women.i personally think guys put way too much emphasis on trying to find out what women want. i don't think that should be necessary. i think it's ridiculous. i think the guy should be himself like the girl is practially all the time and just feel good about himself. not every girl is going to be into every guy... i think self-confidence is probably the most important thing for a guy to have when trying to get women.i'm a guy and that's my opinion...
 Having enjoyed LOST IN TRANSLATION, I thought I might like this one, which seems to have some sort of cult reputation-- why I can't fathom. The entire plot is self-serving, shallow, and unrealistic. I guess it's supposed to depict the horror of repressive religious values, and while I don't condone those, the film lacks clear characters or any motivation. A lot of people have buttoned up parents who don't get it, and it doesn't mean they kill themselves-- because they were grounded!?Having enjoyed LOST IN TRANSLATION, I thought I might like this one, which seems to have some sort of cult reputation-- why I can't fathom. The entire plot is self-serving, shallow, and unrealistic. I guess it's supposed to depict the horror of repressive religious values, and while I don't condone those, the film lacks clear characters or any motivation. A lot of people have buttoned up parents who don't get it, and it doesn't mean they kill themselves-- because they were grounded!?Since the writer-director gerw up in Hollywood, she may not be aware that you can't keep your kid home from school without a very good reason-- social workers and what not come after you. So the entire premise is false.Since the writer-director gerw up in Hollywood, she may not be aware that you can't keep your kid home from school without a very good reason-- social workers and what not come after you. So the entire premise is false.Romanticizing mass suicide by having a bunch of soft focus young blondes do it-- after which they supposedly ascend to erotic eternity in the imaginations of their boyish peers-- could actually encourage the act. It's not caring, not real, and not responsible.Romanticizing mass suicide by having a bunch of soft focus young blondes do it-- after which they supposedly ascend to erotic eternity in the imaginations of their boyish peers-- could actually encourage the act. It's not caring, not real, and not responsible.But I guess that wouldn't bother the rich, overfunded daughter of a Hollywood genius out to make a name for herself.
 I bought this DVD for my collection.  I do not buy full screen format DVDs.  Amazon described the DVD as "Anamorphic, Closed-captioned, Color, Dolby, Full Screen, Widescreen, NTSC" with an aspect ration of 2.35:1.  However, when it arrived, it was Full Screen only with an aspect ratio of 1:33.1.  Consequently, I returned it.  My recommendation, if you only want Widescreen, don't believe the description that this DVD is dual-layered and don't buy it
 Julia Roberts plays Ed Harris' young new wife. Susan Sarandon plays Harris' ex-wife. Ex-wife does not like new wife. New wife does not like ex-wife. Ex-wife's cutsey, but bratty kids make new wife's life a living hell. Ex-wife thinks new wife is a stupid bimbo. New wife thinks ex-wife is a nagging battle axe. New wife and ex-wife fight and yell at each other ad nauseum. How does the film solve this conflict? Ex-wife is diagnosed with terminal cancer -- everyone reconciles, ex-wife and new wife suddenly love each other, the end. This is one of the most cliched, saccharine, hackneyed and shamelessly manipulative pieces of garbage put out by Hollywood in the past decade. If you like Julia Roberts, Susan Sarandon or Ed Harris, please see Erin Brokovich, Dead Man Walking and The Right Stuff and run screaming from this nauseating cinematic catastrophe
 It is a shame that American film classics ( like L and H)  get more attention and love outside of the US than in it.I just bought the Universal Laurel and Hardy 21 Volume Box set which is only available in Europe from Amazon UK (region 2). This set is EVERYTHING people are saying it is. It is a complete film history of the boys which starts with the boys early silent films ( some solo efferts) and goes though the Hal Roach Features. All the prints are restored and of pristine quality. A truly beautiful set and a worthy tribute to the boys. There are some missing films ( I assume for copyright reasons) such as Babes in Toyland, The Devils Brother, Bonnie Scotland and Flying Deuces. I just bought the Universal Laurel and Hardy 21 Volume Box set which is only available in Europe from Amazon UK (region 2). This set is EVERYTHING people are saying it is. It is a complete film history of the boys which starts with the boys early silent films ( some solo efferts) and goes though the Hal Roach Features. All the prints are restored and of pristine quality. A truly beautiful set and a worthy tribute to the boys. There are some missing films ( I assume for copyright reasons) such as Babes in Toyland, The Devils Brother, Bonnie Scotland and Flying Deuces. To acomadate these DVDs I bought a region free DVD player off Amazon,which is the only way to go if you really want to collect. The DVD player was very cheap. plays beautfully and  is well worth the investment. As a side note if you have a region free player all the DVDs in the Universal Box set are also availble as single dics, in case you don't want to spend all the money at once or just want a few of the films. If you love Laurel and Hardy this is the only way to go! Anything to screw Hallmark and the corperate monster!! Why did they buy these great films just to sit on them and distribute half-A prints!!! 
 Personally, I found 8 1/2 to be one of the most boring films I've ever seen.  It was a pretentious, self-indulgent trip down the director's memory lane.  I understood the plot, and enjoyed some of the thoughts raised near the end, but overall was bored silly by stilted, pointless dialogue.Having said that, the cinematography was stunning and the music almost made the film worth watching.  Perhaps 8 1/2 would have been better off as a series of photographs with musical accompaniment :P
 Okay, this is a really bad movie.  That said, there are some moments here that are so over-the-top bad that they're funny.  The fake accents are so horrible that they become campy and the now notorious love scene involving Sandra Bullock is outright hilarious...and very embarassing.  How she could be making love without removing a single garment is a mystery, but the acting in that scene is ridiculous, as well.  However, it is certainly memorable.  Sandra Bullock shows up for another short scene later in the film, but her role is essentially a throw away part.  Then there is the sudden appearance of notable actor Steve Buscemi at the very beginning of the film in which he seems almost ashamed to be in.  His character never returns to the story after that.  By the end of the film there are so many plot twists that heartfelt boredom ensues.  The acting is bad, the budget is obviously low, and the script, which invokes the occasional giggle, is a quivering mass of bulbous drivel.  Avoid this film
 What do we doWhen first started watching wrestling in my early teens, Ric Flair was a hero of mine, he matches were funny and he cut the best promos ever. When first started watching wrestling in my early teens, Ric Flair was a hero of mine, he matches were funny and he cut the best promos ever. So when this DVD came out I got it immediately, hoping to relive my youth, but I realized something. All the matches are the same, there long and dull, the same moves are done over and over, and the matches only pick up when Flair opponent takes the advantage. There is nothing wrong with long matches, if that are done well, like the Iron man match between Bret Hart and Shawn Michaels, but it feels like these matches are long of the sake of being long, so it can show Flairs endurance. So when this DVD came out I got it immediately, hoping to relive my youth, but I realized something. All the matches are the same, there long and dull, the same moves are done over and over, and the matches only pick up when Flair opponent takes the advantage. There is nothing wrong with long matches, if that are done well, like the Iron man match between Bret Hart and Shawn Michaels, but it feels like these matches are long of the sake of being long, so it can show Flairs endurance. I also noticed Flair is so repetitive, all wrestler use trademark moves, but flair has been using the same handful of moves his entire life, for example, chop...woo...flair flop...figure four...cheat....win, that not a description of one flair match, that's every flair match. When I started watching wrestling I only saw his WWF matches, so it all looked new to me, when you watch his matches back to back you realise how boring they are. Other wrestler have put together DVD, which shows a variety of different matches such as Eddie Guerrero, Chris Benito, Bret Hart & Shawn Michaels, all top wrestler adopt to there opponents, Flair expects his opponents to adopt to him, that's way all his matches are the same. I also noticed Flair is so repetitive, all wrestler use trademark moves, but flair has been using the same handful of moves his entire life, for example, chop...woo...flair flop...figure four...cheat....win, that not a description of one flair match, that's every flair match. When I started watching wrestling I only saw his WWF matches, so it all looked new to me, when you watch his matches back to back you realise how boring they are. Other wrestler have put together DVD, which shows a variety of different matches such as Eddie Guerrero, Chris Benito, Bret Hart & Shawn Michaels, all top wrestler adopt to there opponents, Flair expects his opponents to adopt to him, that's way all his matches are the same. The only thing worst then his DVD is his book, I lost all respect for Flair after a read his book, it seem that he is just like HHH and Shawn Michaels in that he does not have the balls to say anything to anyone to their face, put does it behind their backs. He bashes Mick Foley for being a stunt man, who only does gimmick matches, so what's HHH, a guy flair calls great, can anyone name a good HHH match that isn't a gimmick match (WM X-7 against the undertaker does not count because it turns into a street fight). He says Foley kisses the writers asses when everybody knows that he is the ultimate back stage player, who used booking rights to award himself 16 world titles. He critises Bret Hart for not putting over Shawn Michaels at Survivors Series 97, when he was called upon to job to Lex Luger before he left who the WWF. he refused and took the title with him to WWF, brining the WCW to its knees. The only thing worst then his DVD is his book, I lost all respect for Flair after a read his book, it seem that he is just like HHH and Shawn Michaels in that he does not have the balls to say anything to anyone to their face, put does it behind their backs. He bashes Mick Foley for being a stunt man, who only does gimmick matches, so what's HHH, a guy flair calls great, can anyone name a good HHH match that isn't a gimmick match (WM X-7 against the undertaker does not count because it turns into a street fight). He says Foley kisses the writers asses when everybody knows that he is the ultimate back stage player, who used booking rights to award himself 16 world titles. He critises Bret Hart for not putting over Shawn Michaels at Survivors Series 97, when he was called upon to job to Lex Luger before he left who the WWF. he refused and took the title with him to WWF, brining the WCW to its knees. After watching this DVD, reading his book, and seeing how his using backstage politics at the WWE now, to keep himself in the limelight, its fair to say the Ric Flair is one of the most overrated wrestler in history and by the way I could have won 16 world title if I had my friends booking the show.
 Not a bad movie...not a great movie.  Ellen Brustyn was great
 I remember going to great lengths to fit a matine showing of HEAVEN'S PRISONERS into a busy Saturday afternoon during its 1996 theatrical release. Considering the source material and the talent behind and in front of the camera, our little filmgoing party of detective-film fans and Alec Baldwin groupies (a.k.a. my mom, my stepfather, and me) found this contemporary film noir to be a big disappointment. Baldwin, who also served as co-producer, brought James Lee Burke's New Orleans ex-cop/recovering alcoholic hero Dave Robichoux from the printed page to the big screen. While Baldwin and the rest of the cast did well in fleshing out Burke's characters and have some tangy tough-guy/gal dialogue, they're hampered by two things: I remember going to great lengths to fit a matine showing of HEAVEN'S PRISONERS into a busy Saturday afternoon during its 1996 theatrical release. Considering the source material and the talent behind and in front of the camera, our little filmgoing party of detective-film fans and Alec Baldwin groupies (a.k.a. my mom, my stepfather, and me) found this contemporary film noir to be a big disappointment. Baldwin, who also served as co-producer, brought James Lee Burke's New Orleans ex-cop/recovering alcoholic hero Dave Robichoux from the printed page to the big screen. While Baldwin and the rest of the cast did well in fleshing out Burke's characters and have some tangy tough-guy/gal dialogue, they're hampered by two things: 1.) The film's slo-o-o-ow pacing. Maybe the Louisiana heat got to everyone, not just Baldwin. Of all the actors, Long Island native Baldwin sweats the most, so much that it began to remind me of the sweating-bullets gags with Albert Brooks in BROADCAST NEWS and Robert Hays in AIRPLANE! 1.) The film's slo-o-o-ow pacing. Maybe the Louisiana heat got to everyone, not just Baldwin. Of all the actors, Long Island native Baldwin sweats the most, so much that it began to remind me of the sweating-bullets gags with Albert Brooks in BROADCAST NEWS and Robert Hays in AIRPLANE! 2.) A plot that, as rendered in the film (whether it's the fault of the screenwriter or the editor, I can't be sure), never quite follows through on any of its elements. It's too bad, because these elements could've made for an exciting movie: drug dealing, illegal alien smuggling, rival crime bosses (one is played colorfully by Eric Roberts before he became a parody of himself, essentially playing a Southern-fried version of his character from director Phil Joanou's 1992 thriller FINAL ANALYSIS), an adorable little Salvadoran orphan girl (named "Alafair" by the Robichouxs, after Dave's mom. Late in my pregnancy at the time, I liked the name Alafair so much, I nearly changed my mind about naming my then-unborn daughter Siobhan!), and a bevy of beautiful, beguiling women, including earth mother Kelly Lynch, vampy Teri Hatcher in a full-frontal nude scene that was much ballyhooed at the time, and Mary Stuart Masterson, looking like a young Jessica Lange in what was then a change-of-pace role for her: a troubled stripper who loves Robichoux. Despite the sexy promises in the movie's ads, none of the ladies share anything with Baldwin but dialogue and some kisses and/or embraces. Maybe the climate was already so hot, the filmmakers didn't want to add any further steaminess for fear of poor Baldwin collapsing from heat prostration! As my mom put it at the time: "I thought the height of my day would be seeing sexy, dashing Alec Baldwin, but he came up sweaty, rumpled, tired, depressed, and moving as if he was in slow motion. If he'd made love as many times as he got beaten up, it would've been the sexiest picture of '96!" 2.) A plot that, as rendered in the film (whether it's the fault of the screenwriter or the editor, I can't be sure), never quite follows through on any of its elements. It's too bad, because these elements could've made for an exciting movie: drug dealing, illegal alien smuggling, rival crime bosses (one is played colorfully by Eric Roberts before he became a parody of himself, essentially playing a Southern-fried version of his character from director Phil Joanou's 1992 thriller FINAL ANALYSIS), an adorable little Salvadoran orphan girl (named "Alafair" by the Robichouxs, after Dave's mom. Late in my pregnancy at the time, I liked the name Alafair so much, I nearly changed my mind about naming my then-unborn daughter Siobhan!), and a bevy of beautiful, beguiling women, including earth mother Kelly Lynch, vampy Teri Hatcher in a full-frontal nude scene that was much ballyhooed at the time, and Mary Stuart Masterson, looking like a young Jessica Lange in what was then a change-of-pace role for her: a troubled stripper who loves Robichoux. Despite the sexy promises in the movie's ads, none of the ladies share anything with Baldwin but dialogue and some kisses and/or embraces. Maybe the climate was already so hot, the filmmakers didn't want to add any further steaminess for fear of poor Baldwin collapsing from heat prostration! As my mom put it at the time: "I thought the height of my day would be seeing sexy, dashing Alec Baldwin, but he came up sweaty, rumpled, tired, depressed, and moving as if he was in slow motion. If he'd made love as many times as he got beaten up, it would've been the sexiest picture of '96!" To be fair, there *are* a number of strong characterization and action scenes, but there's just too darn much talky, molasses-paced lag time between them -- and yet, oddly, some of the scenes end abruptly just as they're about to become intriguing! Perhaps Joanou, Baldwin & Co. could've dredged a tighter, more involving thriller out of this if they'd whittled the 140-minute running time down to 105 minutes or so. As HEAVEN'S PRISONERS is now...well, read James Lee Burke's books instead.To be fair, there *are* a number of strong characterization and action scenes, but there's just too darn much talky, molasses-paced lag time between them -- and yet, oddly, some of the scenes end abruptly just as they're about to become intriguing! Perhaps Joanou, Baldwin & Co. could've dredged a tighter, more involving thriller out of this if they'd whittled the 140-minute running time down to 105 minutes or so. As HEAVEN'S PRISONERS is now...well, read James Lee Burke's books instead.
 I'm not going to write too much. If you need to hear more just check other reviews down here.From all the 3 episodes only the first one, by Kar-Wai, is worth your time. "The Hand" is well done and typical Kar-Wai. Beautifully shot by his usual contributor Christopher Doyle, it's the most compelling and sexy episode of the bunch. Gong Li, always very elegant, give us a powerful sexy scene and her presence establishes and guide the rest of the story. Well crafted but very predictable. The director lately seems to be referencing himself, which is halfway form self parody."Equilibrium" is just a bad cinematic joke and absolutely non sexy. Other than a few gratuitous and unrelated naked shots, is a simple and boring exchange between Downey Jr. playing an adman and his analyst played by Arkin.But the worst by far is the Antonioni's episode. Is just so poorly done and acted that is an embarrassment. The, once, great director should have just retired by now (he was 91 in 2004) and let the rest of the world appreciate his masterpieces
 After seeing both Peyton Place and the sequel I can tell you that I could tolerate the recast, Carol Lynley and Tuesday Weld were wonderful in their perspective parts.  But I have to wonder was it only the cast that changed in this sequel did the writers change as well?  My reasons for asking, the glaring inconsistencys to the original movie.  Over and over in this film it is stated that Selena was raped when she was thirteen, yet in the original film Selena, Alison and the others were graduating from high school when the incident occured.  Since when do thirteen year olds graduate from high school, also she looked pretty mature for thirteen.  Then there's Selen'as boyfriend (whose name escapes me at the moment) in the original film he stood by her, through the murder charges, the revelation of the rape, and the miscarriage, yet in the sequel I'm suppose to buy that he couldn't handle any of it dumped her and left town where he met and married someone else.  Then all the towns people after being put in their place by the town Doctor all rallied together at the end of the original film to give their support of Selena, yet in the sequel she is considered the town outcast?  I have nothing against sequels even with recast but this one strayed way too far from its original film that all creditbility for it as a sequel went out the door. It was all too obvious that the original film wasn't taken into account when writing the sequel.  Not credible at all
 This program is evil. It is easy to get sucked into watching Gantz, because of the unique and inexplicable situation that the main characters, who have all died, find themselves in. They have gone to purgatory, and purgatory is like an all-too-real video game. One feels compelled to continue on with the series to begin to answer some of these mysteries.This program is evil. It is easy to get sucked into watching Gantz, because of the unique and inexplicable situation that the main characters, who have all died, find themselves in. They have gone to purgatory, and purgatory is like an all-too-real video game. One feels compelled to continue on with the series to begin to answer some of these mysteries.The art direction is decent. Visually, it doesn't look cheap. The English voice acting is embarassingly bad, especially the main character, but not as bad as the dialogue, internal and vocalized, that this character has been given to speak. The art direction is decent. Visually, it doesn't look cheap. The English voice acting is embarassingly bad, especially the main character, but not as bad as the dialogue, internal and vocalized, that this character has been given to speak. The worst thing about this series, apart from the juvenile humor about breasts and boners, is the "action" scenes. These inevitably play out with the people in danger standing around arguing and philosophizing about what to do, when the obvious course of action is to take the guns that are in their hands, and shoot at their alien adversaries like there is no tomorrow. After you witness a few of these frustrating situations on the video, if you don't feel like banging your head against the wall, you are made of stronger stuff than I. The worst thing about this series, apart from the juvenile humor about breasts and boners, is the "action" scenes. These inevitably play out with the people in danger standing around arguing and philosophizing about what to do, when the obvious course of action is to take the guns that are in their hands, and shoot at their alien adversaries like there is no tomorrow. After you witness a few of these frustrating situations on the video, if you don't feel like banging your head against the wall, you are made of stronger stuff than I. This first set of episodes leaves the viewer with more questions than answers, and more frustration than satisfaction. Save yourself the pain.
 I wouldn't normally write a review of such drivel but felt that I had to when I saw what Christiane Schmidt had to say.Now we all know Mr Gibson has got issues with the British (as well as others) - just look at that other pile of tosh - Braveheart. But here is an example of why rewriting history to fit your own personal prejudice is dangerous. The usual response is "It's not history but Hollywood, it's fiction based on historical events". But the problem is that some people actually believe it really happened like that!Now I'm sure that many atrocities took place on either side of what was in effect a civil war, but I've never read of the British burning down churches with people inside - Nazis, yes....British, no. But who cares about whether it really happened....it's only a film!!Good grief, next thing you know they'll be making a film about the US recovering the first enigma machine.....oops.
 Let me just start by saying that I don't own "The Chosen Collection" but that I do own the original releases of all seven seasons. Let me just start by saying that I don't own "The Chosen Collection" but that I do own the original releases of all seven seasons. Why review this then? Why review this then? Quite frankly, I believe the combined sets to be a waste of money. I have seen the reviews of this set done by fellow reviewers, and it is was my experience that that the boxes for the previous sets are not much different than this - they are as flimsy as this set is, and just as breakable.Quite frankly, I believe the combined sets to be a waste of money. I have seen the reviews of this set done by fellow reviewers, and it is was my experience that that the boxes for the previous sets are not much different than this - they are as flimsy as this set is, and just as breakable.The set's discs appear the same as the previous editions, probably a rehash from leftover sets. A bonus disc may be the only redeeming factor, but since I don't own it, I haver never seen it.The set's discs appear the same as the previous editions, probably a rehash from leftover sets. A bonus disc may be the only redeeming factor, but since I don't own it, I haver never seen it.I spent my money on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" once, and once is enough for me. Buffy is a endearing series, but why throw away DVD sets just to have them "return" from the garbage
 This movie is the most boring, uninteresting piece of garbage I have everwasted my money on. The plot is stupid, the characters are dull and insipid, and the whole movie leaves you asking, as the credits run, "So What?" Don't waste your money!
 Director:  Turi MeyerCast:  Tony Todd, Donna D'Errico, Alexia Robinson, Jsu Garcia, Mark Adair-Rios, Lupe Ontiveros, Elizabeth Guber, Rena Riffel, Ernie Hudson Jr.Running Time:  93 minutesRated R for bloody violence and gore, sexuality and language.Rated R for bloody violence and gore, sexuality and language.The third in the series derived from a concept by Clive Barker, "Day of the Dead" (they can't even come up with their own subtitle) staggers down the well-trodden path already navigated by the "Halloween" and "Nightmare on Elm Street" movies: that is, taking a decent concept and flushing it down the toilet. The original movie was a near horror masterpiece and relied on atmosphere rather than gore, while the first sequel was bearable if completely routine. This one is just a load of rubbish.  Donna D'Errico, from Baywatch (what a spectacle of credibility), stars as Caroline McKeever, the great great granddaughter of the feared Candyman (Tony Todd once again), once a normal man but now an apparition who appears to slaughter everyone around you if you dare to say his name five times in front of a mirror.  Caroline says his name five times in front of a mirror and up he pops to murder her nearest and dearest. As the Candyman hacks his way through various bad actors, Caroline teams up with new pal David (Nick Corri) to find a collection of paintings knocked up by the Candyman while he was still alive, which may hold the key to stopping him. The third in the series derived from a concept by Clive Barker, "Day of the Dead" (they can't even come up with their own subtitle) staggers down the well-trodden path already navigated by the "Halloween" and "Nightmare on Elm Street" movies: that is, taking a decent concept and flushing it down the toilet. The original movie was a near horror masterpiece and relied on atmosphere rather than gore, while the first sequel was bearable if completely routine. This one is just a load of rubbish.  Donna D'Errico, from Baywatch (what a spectacle of credibility), stars as Caroline McKeever, the great great granddaughter of the feared Candyman (Tony Todd once again), once a normal man but now an apparition who appears to slaughter everyone around you if you dare to say his name five times in front of a mirror.  Caroline says his name five times in front of a mirror and up he pops to murder her nearest and dearest. As the Candyman hacks his way through various bad actors, Caroline teams up with new pal David (Nick Corri) to find a collection of paintings knocked up by the Candyman while he was still alive, which may hold the key to stopping him. There's not a single thing here that isn't scavenged from the first "Candyman" film and every other ropy horror movie produced since caveman days. The screenplay is so lazy it can't even be bothered to connect half the characters to the plot, the photography is bright and glossy, which is at odds with what's supposed to be a dark story, while nothing in the direction adds any atmosphere at all. Anyone could have directed this movie, so little effort has been put in to make it scary, while the ending is an outrageous cop out. No thought has gone in to developing themes or structuring the plot because no one here is talented enough to give this movie any depth beyond having D'Errico running around in a variety of tight vests.  The rest of the performances are poor too, although none are quite as bad as D'Errico's pathetic attempts at screaming and breathing erratically.  Surely more can be done with characters like the Candyman than the constant repetition of scenes where he appears to stick his hook through someone's stomach.  The fact that the makers of this movie think Candyman is so terrifying that the very sight of him just standing there will strike fear into our hearts is a sign that they just can't be bothered even to try something a bit different.  Clive Barker may not be the master of horror as every at first claimed him to be, but he's right about one thing: the sequels to his movies are garbage
 The saga of the candyman continues in this third installment of the hit series. I can remember the first time I watched the original created by Clive Barker, I luv'd it, the same can't be said for this film. Caroline is last living descendent of the candyman, and he wants to end it all by ending her. All who watch this film and the acting of Donna D' Errico will wish for the same thing. One would only think that she got the job to secure watchers of Baywatch for the film and for that reason only, or maybe it's because a little fragile thing like her can't take on candyman head on. Get a real actress like KATHY BATES in there and she'll kick his ass {MISERY is a classic}As far as Tony Todd is concerned he does a good job in this film, but not as scary as he has been in the other films. He does a good job none the less, and serves as a co-producer. As far as the script goes it's a decent attempt at the franchise, Al Septien & director Turi Meyer do what they can. But that doesn't save the film from being less then average. Side performances from the art gallery owner, the two bad cops, and the gypsy women are great and save the film a little. There isn't much to the story, Caroline is his last descendent and he wants to stop his pain by taking her. People she knows gets killed so it looks like she did it, and she tries to stop him, that's it nothing more to it. Over all a more worthy sequel of its predecessors would be more enjoyable
 Maybe the 1995 script was edgy and groundbreaking, but I doubt it. Since Vanilla Ice was in and out of the cultural eye 4 years before the spec script and 15 years before this movie, the concept of white kids trying to act black in the most ugly ghetto stereotypes is just not all that new. I went to high school with kids like this and I've bought the Eminem CD. And there's a little more to them than the stupidity. But let's discuss the movie.Maybe the 1995 script was edgy and groundbreaking, but I doubt it. Since Vanilla Ice was in and out of the cultural eye 4 years before the spec script and 15 years before this movie, the concept of white kids trying to act black in the most ugly ghetto stereotypes is just not all that new. I went to high school with kids like this and I've bought the Eminem CD. And there's a little more to them than the stupidity. But let's discuss the movie.Anne Hathaway plays a dumb girl who thinks that acts ghetto in her gated community and urges her boyfriend to go buy drugs in East L.A. (??). Seeing her boyfriend beat down, she's eager to return and find that hot latino dude that did the beating. Then she goes to parties, gets into even more trouble and starts losing her Jerry Springer-inspired ghetto talk. The Mexican guy keeps trying to tell her that there's more to his life than selling crack on the street corner, but well he's doing a lot of selling crack on the street corner. Actually, he's coming off like a gangsta Yoda ready to impart life lessons at the drop of a hat. Yes, it's ironic that she's trying to dress ghetto while he's trying (not very hard) to dress suburban (wife beater is suburban?)Anne Hathaway plays a dumb girl who thinks that acts ghetto in her gated community and urges her boyfriend to go buy drugs in East L.A. (??). Seeing her boyfriend beat down, she's eager to return and find that hot latino dude that did the beating. Then she goes to parties, gets into even more trouble and starts losing her Jerry Springer-inspired ghetto talk. The Mexican guy keeps trying to tell her that there's more to his life than selling crack on the street corner, but well he's doing a lot of selling crack on the street corner. Actually, he's coming off like a gangsta Yoda ready to impart life lessons at the drop of a hat. Yes, it's ironic that she's trying to dress ghetto while he's trying (not very hard) to dress suburban (wife beater is suburban?)The movie's climax is a scene in which Anne and Bijou ask the guys if they can join their "crew" and if the gang didn't have a sex gang initiation for women before they asked, they sure have it then (and really, who doesn't know that that's gang initiation standard - started by the Hell's Angels in 1965). After that disaster (both Anne and Bijous say no - but Bijou takes a little more time saying no) the movie unravels as Anne Hathaway discovers her inner WHITE GIRL and her friends act even more stupid. There's a neat scene between her and Bijou Philips toward the end that almost makes me like these people, but it's one of the few points of truth in an otherwise dumb movie.The movie's climax is a scene in which Anne and Bijou ask the guys if they can join their "crew" and if the gang didn't have a sex gang initiation for women before they asked, they sure have it then (and really, who doesn't know that that's gang initiation standard - started by the Hell's Angels in 1965). After that disaster (both Anne and Bijous say no - but Bijou takes a little more time saying no) the movie unravels as Anne Hathaway discovers her inner WHITE GIRL and her friends act even more stupid. There's a neat scene between her and Bijou Philips toward the end that almost makes me like these people, but it's one of the few points of truth in an otherwise dumb movie.The one thing this movie does is to make me appreciate DJ Squalls' character from Hustle & Flow (and Hustle & Flow in and of itself) since that's a white character in a black world that doesn't fall into either extreme of wigger or Doogie Howser. He's just himself whereever he goes. He's someone the morons of this movie could learn from (but really wouldn't you rather just see them all shot dead?
 This is a great flick for people who are irritated by sub-plots because there are none.  There is nothing resembling reality found anywhere in this movie, so it makes for excellent escapism, which we all need now and then.  Since all the characters stay together, it is easy to follow along, so you can turn your brain off, it won't be needed.  Since it's all about the ship, acting wasn't necessary.  You can bet that movies like this toll the bell for the careers of Russell and Dreyfus.  I felt pity for them as actors, and hope they can rebound.  The movie is shorter than most, so there will be minimum impact on your life.  You will remember nothing about it soon after exposure
 I am 38 and considered obese, however I work in a busy operating room all day and found this to be too easy. This DVD would be great for the older generations. I still need to loose 45 pounds and I am using Denise Austin's Burn Fat Fast.
 I think Denise Austin does a decent job in some of her other videos, but this isn't one of them.  She lacks any type of warm up in this one and often looks like she's just trying to make up steps in order to fill the time slot.  The moves are not well choreographed and very awkward.  Some may find encouragement in the times Denise gives the camera a bug eyed stare and says "We're burning butter.... yeah" but I found it annoying.  I think there are much better workouts for the money out there
 Definatly one of the worst movies ever.  The dialog is so boring I had an A.D.D. attack trying to watch it.  I usally never turn a movie off in the middle but I had to do it with this one. I tore it out of my laserdisc player and smashed it, so I would never have to suffer through this again.  The characters are so lame I did'nt even care about who was threating his life.  I wanted the stalker to go ahead and kill them all already.  Man this movie is making me enraged just typing about it. IT FU**IN SUCKS!!!!! And it is really dated
 Love the movie, but the quality of the DVD put out by Alpha Video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. The sound was scratchy and muffled and the picture looked as if the brightness was turned all the way up. If you don't want to be disappointed and feel like you've been ripped off, wait for the remastered cut before you buy this one
 I bought the DVD with this artwork out of a dollar bin and I got what I paid for. The image is fuzzy and the audio is of poor quality. This must have been taken from a 16mm print. It may be that this film is in public domain, so it may be difficult to find a decent quality DVD. There are many issues of this film so you would do better to try one of the other DVD issues. Note: Amazon seems to spread these reviews across DVDs of the same title, so you may see this review under multiple DVD releases of "Meet John Doe".  The poor quality DVD that I bought has a cover that looked like this: [...
 I purchased this DVD a while ago - FYI - A documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie.  I went to the web site to complain and my profile could not be found.  Here, years later, when I'm finally placing another through Amazon They found my account and noted that I purchased Meet John Doe.  I guess it's a little late to complain now
 This movie was a weak effort by Capra, who directed it, and the star, Gary Cooper. It's a good story, just poorly directed (Capra can't hit a home run every time). I found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on. And no extra features on the dvd, at least none to speak of
 This movie was as one of the most disappointing in its genre, far less interesting than Pulp Fiction and even below the level of Reservoir Dogs. It is said that in the violent late Middle Ages street shows were  often staged in European cities where fake blood flowed like water, heads fell off and stomachs erupted sausages to simulate intestines  during an evisceration delighting  the crowd. It seems that in the violent final decade of the twentieth century we had come  full circle from Barbara Tuchman's gripping account of the  awful fourteenth century.  Despite the abundant gore if the film had been  better handled it could have been quite good. There are  glimpses of its failed potential at different  points. For instance the scene  towards the end where the prison governor's head is impaled on a broomstick and carried around by the revolting inmates seems to be a direct  copy of an actual event at the  Bastille during the days of the early French revolution. In sum, as a special kind of disgusting  art form it is interesting, as entertainment though Natural Born Killers sucks. I admit some  people will like it , no doubt the same crowd who would attend  public executions if they were available for viewing
 I felt as though the camera was clamped to a paint mixer. After about 30 minutes it gave me a headache so I turned it off.
 I was on a plane from Shanghai to Bangkok -- stop drooling -- and I was reading a book. On the TV, I saw Tim Allen chasing an orange cat. In the course of the chase, he dropped down from two legs to four. The effects, I'll admit right up front, were great. This looked far better than the old 70s (I think) version called THE SHAGGY D.A., which I haven't seen. But even so, it sucks. I didn't need sound or subtitles, and I didn't need but 5 or 10 minutes to figure out that it sucks. True sucking is like that. (Yeah, I saw the bit with the Scrabble board. "I am Dad." Whoop dee freaking doggy doo.) It's possible we underestimate Tim Allen's ability as an actor, perhaps because THE SANTA CLAUSE was so unforgivably bad. But even so, this movie sucks. Sometimes life is just that simple. 
 I am sorry to report that this movie is dead on arrival, and I have to agree with anybody that says this movie is [...]. The whole cast is wasted in this movie, and most of which I have seen in movies that I liked better. Like pretty much the leads in this movies, I have seen thier movies and liked htem better in, but this one, they might as well. If your a Tim Allen fan, please do yourself a favor, and get either the Santa Clause movies, or the Toy Story movies, and avoid this movie at all costs. Here are 99 minuts of my life, that I won't see again, and I am trying to make sure that you don't waste your time on this dud. Who wants to see an actor pretned to be a dog, in some scenes in the movie, ore pretty much the whole thing. I haven't seen Monster House or Cars, but I hope that these will be 2 better movies, or maybe a season dvd of Home Improvement will be pretty then this. Dave Douglas (Tim Allen) is a lawyer, that dislikes dogs, and even has a case against animal activist Justin Forrester (Joshua Leonard). And he is up for accused of trying to torch the California headquarters of sinister pharmaceutical conglomerate Grant & Strictland. And he doesn't much of a family life, since he is never home, and how many times have we seen something like this in a movie? His wife is Rebecca Douglas (Kristin Davis) and they have 2 children Josh (Spencer Breslin) and Carly (Zena Grey). And he has an appoontment to Josh's PTA meetings, and even through he is reminded at work, he forgets. Carly is not only a is both Forrester's student and a budding animal advocate herself, and her brother is trying out for football like his Dad, even through he secretly hates it, and didn't sign up for the fall musical. And then there is a mad scientist (Robert Downey Jr.), trying to extract the secret of immortality from the shaggy hide of a 300-year-old dog he had kidnapped from a Tibetan monastery. And Carly even kidnaps it from Grant & Strictland, and brings him home, nad even trouble starts when the dog bites Douglas, that gets him starting acting like a dog too, and even looking exactly like him at times. The movie expects us to believe the dog is 300 years old, which would be impossible, since neither dogs or people live that long, all I can say we are in an era of movies being made out of sequels and remakes, and this is one to avoid at all costs.        
 It's a disgrace they charge money for this DVD. Producer and actors should be ashamed this is sold. Fine if people want to experiment with filmmaking, but to release this film with big name actors and charge consumer, unforgivable.Fine if people want to experiment with filmmaking, but to release this film with big name actors and charge consumer, unforgivable.I prefer to have rated this with no stars
 This was purhcased by accident.  But still one of the crapiest movies I ever seen.  Story wise, well it's bad to see what situation young girls could have with whores for mothers and growing up just like them.  It's actualy very sad to see young girls throwing away their life away.  Other wise, movie had bad ending, good quality packing and dvd from amazon.com ...
 McCully 1McCully 1Adam McCully							                                                                                                       Adam McCully							                                                                                                       Instructor Lee HobbsInstructor Lee HobbsENGL 101.025ENGL 101.02518 November 200518 November 2005Red DragonRed DragonWhen I heard that Universal Studios was making a prequel to Silence of the Lambs, I'll admit that I was a little skeptical.  Throughout movie history there has been a long list of bad sequels which, more or less, is what this prequel was.  Caddyshack II, Godfather III, and Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey, all horrible follow ups to great films.  So naturally I was a little worried that the film Red Dragon was going to be just another flop that followed a great film.  Any movie that follows a great film like Silence of the Lambs has a lot to live up to.  Personally, I thought that the first sequel to Silence of the Lambs,  Hannibal, didn't quite achieve that, and neither did Red Dragon.  It was a decent movie, but not quite as shocking and suspenseful as the first.  Don't get me wrong it did have its share of shock value, but since it didn't come first I had already come to expect that.  I thought that the writers would take the time and effort to make sure that this film was as good if not better than the first two films, but clearly their work shows otherwise All in all, this movie disappointed me for several reasons.  As I mentioned before, the lack of violence and shock that were so prevalent in the first movie and that I, as a fan of the films, had come to expect.  But mostly, it was the fact that this movie was nothing more than a film that was made in the eighties with a different title and better actors.  I've never been a fan of remakes and this film was certainly no exception.
 this is day 10 now and im still waiting for my package!!!!!!amazon seems great but when something goes wrong they run like chickens! this is day 10 now and im still waiting for my package!!!!!!amazon seems great but when something goes wrong they run like chickens! However.....LARRY BIRD IS THE MAN AND DONT EVER FORGET THAT
 I have to say that I was not familiar with any Darkman comics, or had had any other contact with the character apart from this movie so I cannot compare the character to other sources. Therefore, coming from someone that did not "know" Darkman prior to the film I have to say that the movie was quite a disappointment!There are the obvious comic book characteristics that one finds in these types of movies, like the Shadow, Batman etc, which is interesting.  Nevertheless, Darkman was quite a disappointment considering the make-up of the cast: Liam Neeson, Larry Drake, and Frances McDormand among others.  It is the story of a scientist who falls victim to a group of gangsters resulting in his horrendous disfigurement.  In an effort to exact revenge, he makes use of his latest invention in order to appear like his targets/victims....  In short, the acting and the plot are average (nothing great), while the dialogues are way below average.  The movie falls into the action/adventure/horror type of category.  The characters are, overall, bland and just plain uninteresting (e.g. Rick Anderson played by the "fool," Ted Raimi, from the Xena series).Though the potential for a good movie was definitely there it fails to take off.  A shame really...  In a nutshell, it's not a movie you would want to add to your collection, but it might provide for an evening's entertainment, and that's about it. No masterpiece here... 2 Stars
 Let me just preface my review with the fact that some of my favorite movies are incredibly slow and even "boring" to my friends.  So it isn't the glacial pace of this movie that so bothered me.  It isn't the unresolved ending that bothered me.  It wasn't the violence (in short bursts.)  It wasn't the acting (the acting was pretty good actually).  But as a whole this movie was simply a tremendous failure.  I didn't care who was sending the tapes and I didn't care what would happen with the main characters.  They were unrelatable on just about any level.  This movie is the kind where you will see a remotely interesting twist in the plot about 3/4's of the way in and you'll think, "wow I wonder where the story will go next".  And then it doesn't.  That was it.  Very disappointing.  I don't mind excruciatingly slow films as long as there's SOME kinda payoff in the end.  I really don't understand all the acclaim that this movie got.  As a "suspense" movie or as an "art" film it fails pretty miserably.  The premise was a good idea that went nowhere...slowly.  Viewer beware. 
 This movie sucks! It is fake, everything is staged. Chicks dont laugh when they fight, nor do they dress like strippers!
 This DVD sucks, all the "fights" are fake, retarted, drawn out fights with girls that are not attractive and it was the worst waste of time I've ever had in my life.  I am now stupider for watching this DVD and buying it is on my list of regrets I have in life.  I wish I could say the only good part was.... but THERE WAS NO GOOD PART.  No shirts ripped off or good hits thrown, nothing.  I am a Marine stationed in Japan looking for a DVD to enjoy and this is what I get.  Where is the love
 "Killing Me Softly" has one of those scripts that just don't give the audience a break - not only does it set up an improbable situation, but the big "twist" at the end is also mind-numbingly predictable (unless perhaps you haven't seen a thriller before in your life). The chemistry between the two leads is also lacking; Fiennes brings some physical magnetism to his role but as far as his acting is concerned, he's an inexpressive bloke, while Heather Graham is ALL TOO expressive - she overemphasizes every emotion her character is supposed to feeling by making faces at the camera. Besides, she's not even that attractive; even her co-star in this particular film, Natascha McElhone, blows her out of the water in that department. The ending is like when you have a 'jawbreaker' candy in your mouth, sweet and good in the beginning but when you get to the inside its bitter and sour. It was obvious towards the end of the movie that it would turn out like it did, I have seen quite a number of bad movies to figure it out so quickly"Killing Me Softly" has one of those scripts that just don't give the audience a break - not only does it set up an improbable situation, but the big "twist" at the end is also mind-numbingly predictable (unless perhaps you haven't seen a thriller before in your life). The chemistry between the two leads is also lacking; Fiennes brings some physical magnetism to his role but as far as his acting is concerned, he's an inexpressive bloke, while Heather Graham is ALL TOO expressive - she overemphasizes every emotion her character is supposed to feeling by making faces at the camera. Besides, she's not even that attractive; even her co-star in this particular film, Natascha McElhone, blows her out of the water in that department. The ending is like when you have a 'jawbreaker' candy in your mouth, sweet and good in the beginning but when you get to the inside its bitter and sour. It was obvious towards the end of the movie that it would turn out like it did, I have seen quite a number of bad movies to figure it out so quicklyIn spite of all that, Chen Kaige's direction is good, and he creates some suspenseful moments. So I give the film a generous "** out of 5" rating. But if you're a Heather Graham fan you will like this movie since she is nude in many scenes; and for Joseph Fiennes fans you'll receive half naked perks.
 Whatever possessed Jessica Lange to appear in this mess will never be known.  The payoff at the end is a huge disappointment.  Jessica Lange tries hard to bring the material up to her level but the script does her in.  Gwyneth Paltrow is unbelievably bad.  But I think this is not their fault.  The screenplay and direction could have been better.  This could have been a very good movie along the lines of "Misery" or "Fatal Attraction" but it fails in every department.  As I said, the payoff at the end is a real disappointment.  This film is a waste of time and money.  Stay away from it! 
 Kelly Preston and Tcheky Karyo are a New York City couple who come together after Preston leaves Matthew Broderick and Karyo uses Meg Ryan in order to get a Visa. Now Broderick and Ryan are teaming up to get even with their ex's. The problem is, the offenses they've endured (being dumped and being used) don't really warrant the horrible things they do to these two people, especially Karyo. Which is probably why first-time director Griffin Dunne used two such amiable stars in the feature roles. After all, how can we not root for Ferris Bueller and Harry's Sally? Unfortunately, it ends up being pretty easy not to root for them when their revenge is so excessive, the pace of the film is so uneven, and the script isn't particularly funny. Kelly Preston and Tcheky Karyo are a New York City couple who come together after Preston leaves Matthew Broderick and Karyo uses Meg Ryan in order to get a Visa. Now Broderick and Ryan are teaming up to get even with their ex's. The problem is, the offenses they've endured (being dumped and being used) don't really warrant the horrible things they do to these two people, especially Karyo. Which is probably why first-time director Griffin Dunne used two such amiable stars in the feature roles. After all, how can we not root for Ferris Bueller and Harry's Sally? Unfortunately, it ends up being pretty easy not to root for them when their revenge is so excessive, the pace of the film is so uneven, and the script isn't particularly funny. There's a difference between black comedy and just mean-spirited comedy. Despite a handful of amusing moments and a few nice cinematic touches, this film does not walk that line very well
 the movie is good except this version has been editted and cut out sceens, very disapointtin
 Surprisingly sleaze and Chauvinismby female Director Heckerling! Sheduplicated it in Chevy Chase vehicleNational Lampoon's European Vacationtoo! Many child actors got their starthere, but the thing that cracked me up, as I saw it when it came out (unfortu-nately) was the dialog of my fav band,Cheap Trick: Ticket scalper "...Themagntism of Robin Zander and the charisma of Rick Nielsen...and whatabout the tunes, 'I Want You To WantMe, The Dream Police...nan-nan-nah,'You're momma's alright, your daddy'salright, they just seem a little weird,Surrender, surrender...", before he's interrupted. If that isn't somebody'sidea of 'Surrender', they've stumbled onto this review by mistake
 I have been a Beatles fan since 1964, and I have distinct memories of the band's influence on my young life.  I saw Hard Day's Night, Help!, Yellow Submarine, and Let It Be in the theater when they were first released.  This film has always been the Holy Grail of Beatle fandom.I have been a Beatles fan since 1964, and I have distinct memories of the band's influence on my young life.  I saw Hard Day's Night, Help!, Yellow Submarine, and Let It Be in the theater when they were first released.  This film has always been the Holy Grail of Beatle fandom.Now that I own it, I can honestly say I understand why it took so long to release it to the public.  That thirty years of isolation, locked up in a vault somewhere in London, only improved its standing in my imagination, not on actual film.  The BBC was right to bury this.  As a film, or television special, it's horrible.Now that I own it, I can honestly say I understand why it took so long to release it to the public.  That thirty years of isolation, locked up in a vault somewhere in London, only improved its standing in my imagination, not on actual film.  The BBC was right to bury this.  As a film, or television special, it's horrible.But as a fan, I had to have it.  Now, that's all I can say about it; I own it.  When will Let It Be be released
 Upon its initial release, the attention that Otto Preminger's "Anatomy of a Murder" attracted due to its subject matter undoubtedly deflected some attention away from the fact that the film had its fair share of problems.  When watched today after much of its scandalous elements have lost their power to shock, its meandering story and uneven characterizations are exposed front and center.  Attorney Paul Biegler (James Stewart) is asked to defend Lieutenant Frederick Manion (Ben Gazzara) after a bar owner is found murdered.  Manion claims that he committed the murder in a fit of rage after his wife, Laura (Lee Remick), was raped.  While preparing his case for trial, Biegler finds that Laura is extremely difficult to work with because of her temperamental and flirtatious nature.  Nevertheless, the resourceful attorney continues to work on exonerating his client even though it is not clear whether he and his wife are being entirely truthful with him. Stewart is his dependable self in "Anatomy of a Murder."  In fact, his performance as an attorney who is not afraid to stretch the rules is the one saving grace of the film.  There is little nuance in the performances of Gazzara and Remick and even the great George C. Scott misses the mark with an over-the-top effort.  Yet, the problems with the acting is secondary to the unfocused screenplay.  "Anatomy of a Murder" oftentimes seems more concerned with exploring the eccentric natures of its characters than in telling a good story.  The investigation of the crime is done in a half-hearted manner and the mystery behind the dual crimes of the rape and the murder are never resolved to any satisfaction.  For a film to run as long as "Anatomy of a Murder" does, one would think that there would be more than enough time to resolve all of the lingering questions posed by the film.  Yet, this is not the case
 there is a certain new-fangled school of screenwriting that thinks that if you put a bunch of characters on screen and have them make no sense of one another but sound as if theyre being profound, then they ARE. the prime example of this in recent years is the abominable "crash", but at least that was (somewhat) assuaged by strong performances. this -- arguably the worst "mainstream" motion picture of 2005 -- is redeemed by nothing. an excruciatingly long 2 hours, and as much as i (usually) enjoy george clooney, i might never forgive him for this drek
 viewed it 1st was disappointed knodded my head in disbelief while watching,waiting,hoping!!!,the second time i tried to keep awake but could not keep my eyes open long enough, must of been those gravity waves in interstellar space out there in umm well you get the picture.My advise is for you to save your money and buy comos (the best imo)To be honest, i couldn't wait to sell it used at a $10 lose through amzn.the following week(they get a commission for sold items)nonetheless,i am content i no longer own it.Next time i will rent before purchasing on amzn. Just So you know, "cosmos" i can watch over and over for years as this was my first box set from amzn..the late carl sagans"cosmos" blows away "the astronomer"
 I am really wondering about the people who have reviewed this and gave it such good ratings.Ive been looking at their other reviews trying to understand what it is they like. Because this movie STINKS!I am really wondering about the people who have reviewed this and gave it such good ratings.Ive been looking at their other reviews trying to understand what it is they like. Because this movie STINKS!Im a huge Reese Witherspoon fan and I like Paul Rudd so I rented this movie and thought it would be good. Oh boy I was wrong. The charachters are over the top and the story is just cheesy. Im all for a good fun, romantic comedy. I like "Win a date with Tad Hamilton" but this is just awful. Im a huge Reese Witherspoon fan and I like Paul Rudd so I rented this movie and thought it would be good. Oh boy I was wrong. The charachters are over the top and the story is just cheesy. Im all for a good fun, romantic comedy. I like "Win a date with Tad Hamilton" but this is just awful. Reese plays a stripper (somehow it just doesnt work)who helps the dorky hopeless Rudd dump then win back his girlfriend. All the time there is a package to stop hence the name "Overnight Delivery". Reese plays a stripper (somehow it just doesnt work)who helps the dorky hopeless Rudd dump then win back his girlfriend. All the time there is a package to stop hence the name "Overnight Delivery". The story could have worked but it just doesnt. The premise is good and there are parts that are somewhat ammusing but overall it sucks.The story could have worked but it just doesnt. The premise is good and there are parts that are somewhat ammusing but overall it sucks.I would reccomend this movie to anyone who liked the Sarah Michelle Gellar movie "Simply Irresistable". If you happened to like that movie with the magical little crab. If you disliked it as I did then stay away.
 George Sluizer's original Dutch-French version of The Vanishing (aka The Man Who Wanted to Know) offers one of European cinema's most quietly disturbingly anonymous and everyday sociopaths, feeling his way one step at a time towards murder. If you've seen that version, you probably still can't get the final revelation out of your head, but the film had plenty more to offer than that, playing with chronology, subverting the usual cliches of its 'Lady Vanishes' plot (the hero wants to know what happened to his missing lover far more than he wants her to be alive) and throwing in some excellent characterization. I can only assume that for this 1993 US remake Sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself, but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work. His career never recovered.George Sluizer's original Dutch-French version of The Vanishing (aka The Man Who Wanted to Know) offers one of European cinema's most quietly disturbingly anonymous and everyday sociopaths, feeling his way one step at a time towards murder. If you've seen that version, you probably still can't get the final revelation out of your head, but the film had plenty more to offer than that, playing with chronology, subverting the usual cliches of its 'Lady Vanishes' plot (the hero wants to know what happened to his missing lover far more than he wants her to be alive) and throwing in some excellent characterization. I can only assume that for this 1993 US remake Sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself, but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work. His career never recovered.Chief culprit is an astonishing performance by Jeff Bridges that has been overthought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level. A friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that Bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing, and this film is the proof of the pudding. Every movement is overly mechanical in its precision, making him look like a rusty clockwork toy, while his voice is a bizarre mixture of Tootsie, Latka Gravas from Taxi and a Dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from Dok-tah E-ville. No banality of evil here, just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying "Please. Let. Me. Kill. You. Thank you. For your. Consideration.' Chief culprit is an astonishing performance by Jeff Bridges that has been overthought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level. A friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that Bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing, and this film is the proof of the pudding. Every movement is overly mechanical in its precision, making him look like a rusty clockwork toy, while his voice is a bizarre mixture of Tootsie, Latka Gravas from Taxi and a Dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from Dok-tah E-ville. No banality of evil here, just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying "Please. Let. Me. Kill. You. Thank you. For your. Consideration.' But the blame really needs to be shared out here. None of the performances are good: often, they don't even look good - Keifer Sutherland looks more like a baby hamster than a distraught man at his wits end in the hurried scenes at the gas station, Nancy Travis flounders badly and Sandra Bullock makes no impression at all as the object of his obsession. Not that they're given any help by either director or writer Todd Graff. The script is particularly weak. The chronology has been altered to put the focus firmly on Bridges at the expense of the couple at the opening of the film. Worse is the rush the film is in, draining the life and character from each scene in its race to get to the next. Rather than the high/low mood shifts in the couple's relationship or the apparently casual but careful establishing of the feel of the location, we just get a couple of arguments that give you the impression that he's probably better off without her. As for the new and improved happy ending - standard woman chased by nutter in the woods jeopardy stuff complete with lame `let's end on a joke like a TV cop show' moment - best not go there... which is advice that holds for this entire trainwreck of a movie. Even a shockingly bland and uninspired Jerry Goldsmith score can't do anything for this one. 
 While some critics can argue with Dan Brown's research and reasoning on certain historical points, one thing these Da Vinci "debunking" presentations will never be able to refute is this: the downplaying of the feminine role in western civilization and Christianity, primarily by the Catholic Church, and the fact that the Church still considered Mary Magdalene a common prostitute until just a few short years ago: 1969. Nor is it possible to refute the recent polymorphously perverse scandals that have rocked the Church after centuries of suppression and may have everything to do with the doctrinal distortions that Dan Brown has brought out in the open for serious review. This institution is in trouble because it is seriously out of balance with itself and has cut off its spiritual nose to despite its face by downplaying or denigrating the role of women as sacred beings and bearers of the Light, when their healthy presence is needed more than ever as a corrective to some of these abuses and scandals. Dan Brown has done the world a great service by showing how the feminine role in the divine was written out 2000 years ago, with help from Peter whose misogynistic views of women are plainly evident in the scriptures even today and are still, quite frankly, shocking and debasing. Sorry, but upon this "Rock" of male dominancy was built the Church.While some critics can argue with Dan Brown's research and reasoning on certain historical points, one thing these Da Vinci "debunking" presentations will never be able to refute is this: the downplaying of the feminine role in western civilization and Christianity, primarily by the Catholic Church, and the fact that the Church still considered Mary Magdalene a common prostitute until just a few short years ago: 1969. Nor is it possible to refute the recent polymorphously perverse scandals that have rocked the Church after centuries of suppression and may have everything to do with the doctrinal distortions that Dan Brown has brought out in the open for serious review. This institution is in trouble because it is seriously out of balance with itself and has cut off its spiritual nose to despite its face by downplaying or denigrating the role of women as sacred beings and bearers of the Light, when their healthy presence is needed more than ever as a corrective to some of these abuses and scandals. Dan Brown has done the world a great service by showing how the feminine role in the divine was written out 2000 years ago, with help from Peter whose misogynistic views of women are plainly evident in the scriptures even today and are still, quite frankly, shocking and debasing. Sorry, but upon this "Rock" of male dominancy was built the Church.Thank you again, Dan Brown, by bringing these matters into the light of day so people can know more of their authentic history or at least do their own research to make up their own minds about which spiritual path is best for them and which ones were built on two millenniums worth of manipulations, obscurations and lies. These obscurations and lies happened through the efforts of a group of petty, insecure and misguided men down through the centuries to ensure their dominance and control over the masses, and they found a way to dominate not only the minds of the masses but their vast material resources, worth trillions, through guilt, control and other hidden but consistent abuses of power. And those of orthodox faith who continue to blindly support such hypocritical institutions have a lot more to answer for than any twenty Dan Browns put together. People are angry and they are angry at the failure of religion to live up to its own standards of behavior and for distorting what may have been Jesus' actual relationship with the women in his life--or were the disciples just supposed to be members of a exclusive Men's Club with Jesus as head and women as a species relegated to second class citizenship? To answer these questions, some of you will finally have to turn to your own heart and mind for a change instead of some literal interpretation of the truth, because not everything of the light is found in scriptures or on the printed page, especially after the scriptures have been selectively riddled with scissors for reasons of self-interest or from spiritual corruption. The next thing people should ask for is to have the vaults of the Vatican thrown open for public view. Lord only knows what plunder they contain
 I enjoyed the movie even though I was only able to watch it in segments. The first time I tried to watch it, after about 20 minutes, the screen went to digital gibberish and my DVD player hung up so that I couldn't even open the tray to remove the disc or turn off the power. I had to unplug the DVD player, wait, and replug the power cord to remove the disc. Overnight, I decided I needed to replace my DVD player. However, the next morning, I tried a different DVD and it worked fine. It still works fine on all my other DVDs. I complained to your customer service people and they were nice enough to send me a replacement copy of Showgirls. Unfortunately, this one has the same problem. It plays for several minutes and then goes to gibberish and hangs my DVD player. I gave up on the problem at this point and decided to just get through my life without Showgirls. I use my DVD player almost every day and it works fine except when I try to watch Showgirls
 I read the book and saw the movie, which other than title and major characters, have little in common.  I can't say I really liked either.  The book is a little funnier. My major learning from the whole project was when "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" taught me about "roman a clefs", of which "Devil" is one.  Perhaps if I had more interest in the fashion industry, I'd have been more fascinated by the inside look that "Devil" provides.  Meryl Streep is very good as the apparently soulless Miranda Priestly, editor-in-chief of Runway magazine, but somehow she's never quite devil enough.  Anne Hathaway is passable in her second (or third) "made over princess" role.  The minor characters, including the wonderful Tracie Thoms as "best friend" Lily, are mostly wasted. 
 I was under the impression that this was the entire series. I finally, after many issues, got my set and unwrapped it, and my heart sank audibly when I saw "Complete Collection I". I popped the last disk in and lo and behold, it wasn't the full series afterall.
 ....the ultimo movie about a bungled heist job and the crooks are holed out somewheres is....Reservior Dogs. This has great actors in it...I enjoyed seeing, f'instance, Dame Dunaway...but, she, Sinise, Dillon, Mantegna, and perpetual co-lister Faison had a poor dialog to work with. Imagine if QT had written it. Or, my favorite tough guy screenwriter, David Mamet. Fortunately though, Spacey will have something to build on develop a director's repertoire..
 During my teenage years I was a fan of WWF wrestling and specifically, the Rock.  He was a tremendous wrestler who the fans admired right away because of his talent to be extremely funny on the microphone and cut some of the funniest, most disgusting lines ever mentioned on WWF TV.  His talent in the ring was spot-on, and the Rock would always give the people everything he had when it came time to step in the ring and compete.  He rarely made a mistake in the ring... but he made a HUGE mistake stepping away from wrestling and walking down the path to Hollywood.During my teenage years I was a fan of WWF wrestling and specifically, the Rock.  He was a tremendous wrestler who the fans admired right away because of his talent to be extremely funny on the microphone and cut some of the funniest, most disgusting lines ever mentioned on WWF TV.  His talent in the ring was spot-on, and the Rock would always give the people everything he had when it came time to step in the ring and compete.  He rarely made a mistake in the ring... but he made a HUGE mistake stepping away from wrestling and walking down the path to Hollywood.It's not that Doom is really a bad movie.  Sure, it was a movie considered a disappointment right from the get go because no one wanted to watch it at the movie theaters.  It's just a normal, monster-shooting film that delivers a tiny amount of suspense, and that's it.  I'm sure the movie would've been big had it been released 10 years ago.  Todays generation is probably sick of go-nowhere do-nothing action films such as Doom.  Okay, so it DOES go somewhere, but the film isn't really designed to build to an awe-inspiring creative story.  It's not that Doom is really a bad movie.  Sure, it was a movie considered a disappointment right from the get go because no one wanted to watch it at the movie theaters.  It's just a normal, monster-shooting film that delivers a tiny amount of suspense, and that's it.  I'm sure the movie would've been big had it been released 10 years ago.  Todays generation is probably sick of go-nowhere do-nothing action films such as Doom.  Okay, so it DOES go somewhere, but the film isn't really designed to build to an awe-inspiring creative story.  Doom is the kind of movie you don't really want to seek out- you just happen to come across it at the video store and decide you need a quick 90-minute action fix, so you rent the movie, watch it, and then forget about it the next morning.  Of course, I'm sure you don't forget to rewind the tape because that's impolite.  Doom is the kind of movie you don't really want to seek out- you just happen to come across it at the video store and decide you need a quick 90-minute action fix, so you rent the movie, watch it, and then forget about it the next morning.  Of course, I'm sure you don't forget to rewind the tape because that's impolite.  The Rock never should have left wrestling.  It was a bad career move and the millions of wrestling fans (and the Rock means MILLIONS) really miss him.  Come back home, Rock.  Please
 The opening strip scene is reminiscent of Barbarella - too bad those aren't Basinger's legs though. Nerdy scientist falls for galactic beauty as presented by Kim Basinger. I have never understood Ackroyd's characters. And keeping in form, he is once again as unfunny as mud. Basinger tries so hard - too hard - to rescue this film, but that's no small task considering the ineptness of this way silly film. OK so she munches on batteries, and thinks she has to cook everything in the kitchen at mealtime. She seems a genuine Betty Crocker given that her favorite foods are nuts and bolts. Jon Lovitch also tries to prop up Ackroyd and this weak script. However, his contribution seems way overstated to me. He doesn't have much to do. Funny are the scenes inwhere the teenage girl eventually decides that her step-mother is not like other people. Basinger's character has a magic purse with an annoying creepy critter in it who tells her what to do. Think, Jar-Jar Blinks. I suppose it's OK as a backdrop for housecleaning. But that's it. Flat and mechanical
 Ella Enchanted has been my favorite book for years and when I heard that they were going to make it into a movie, I was estatic. I marked the movie release date on my calander, got my tickets in advance, and waited on pins and needles on the way to the theater.Ella Enchanted has been my favorite book for years and when I heard that they were going to make it into a movie, I was estatic. I marked the movie release date on my calander, got my tickets in advance, and waited on pins and needles on the way to the theater.The movie was a huge dissapointment. While I wasn't expecting the movie to be just like the book, I certainly wasn't expecting that. While the movie itself was funny and an overall good movie, I hated it because it was absolutley nothing like the book. The only common thread I found were the names of the characters and the fact that Ella was cursed from birth.The movie was a huge dissapointment. While I wasn't expecting the movie to be just like the book, I certainly wasn't expecting that. While the movie itself was funny and an overall good movie, I hated it because it was absolutley nothing like the book. The only common thread I found were the names of the characters and the fact that Ella was cursed from birth.I suggest that you go and read the book if you enjoyed the movie, it is far better with an increadible story line and an ending that still brings me to tears, despite the fact that I've read it over 100 times
 Enjoyed Leary's Rescue Me and The Job so much but was really disappointed in his stand up - not funny and over done
 this must have seemed like a great idea at the time,"cast culkin against type as a killer child and show his range as an actor". the problem is his range is all the way from a to b.  this movie never explains how or why the boy turns killer and asks us to except one too many "chance" happenings. in the end all we get is this "thriller"(and i use the term very loosely)that thinks just the idea of culkin as a killer is thrilling
 Even though I would agree that "Erin Brockovich" is an entertaining movie, Julia Roberts performance in it is no more Oscar-worthy than was her performance of a prostitute in "Pretty Woman."  I am second to no one in enjoying a good "David and Goliath" story, but this movie has such shaky roots in reality, it is more of a tall tale, than the "true" story of a historic class action suit that, I would imagine, left more unhappy plaintiffs, than it did satisfied ones.  However, as the movie title implies, this is indeed Erin Brockovich's story, in the same way that the "Xena" character is the main attraction in "Xena: Warrior Princess" (though it should be noted that Xena's wardrobe is considerably more modest than that of the Erin Brockovich character).Even though I would agree that "Erin Brockovich" is an entertaining movie, Julia Roberts performance in it is no more Oscar-worthy than was her performance of a prostitute in "Pretty Woman."  I am second to no one in enjoying a good "David and Goliath" story, but this movie has such shaky roots in reality, it is more of a tall tale, than the "true" story of a historic class action suit that, I would imagine, left more unhappy plaintiffs, than it did satisfied ones.  However, as the movie title implies, this is indeed Erin Brockovich's story, in the same way that the "Xena" character is the main attraction in "Xena: Warrior Princess" (though it should be noted that Xena's wardrobe is considerably more modest than that of the Erin Brockovich character).Erin Brockovich is a vain, brassy, boorish, single mother of three young children, with no marketable work skills, a transparently opportunistic manner, who dresses very much the same way as the prostitute character Roberts played in "Pretty Woman" (prior to Richard Gere's character taking her on the infamous Rodeo Drive shopping spree).  The movie's beginning finds Erin unemployed and pursuing a personal injury lawsuit in connection with an automobile accident; her lawsuit is lost, primarily thanks to her own disastrous testimony (swearing, cursing and shrieking from the witness stand) while being questioned by opposing counsel.   Unbelievably, Erin parlays the failed lawsuit into a job at her attorney's (played by Albert Finney) firm, mainly by pushing her way into the office and ensconcing herself at a desk.   Later, while handling the paperwork for a run-of-the-mill, pro bono, real estate sale, Erin discovers the file contains the seller's medical records, that, for reasons she (correctly) does not understand, seem to be of particular interest to the buyer, the mega utility company, Pacific Gas and Electric.  Erin independently embarks on her own personal investigation of the case and discovers that PG&E had (for decades) negligently contaminated the ground water (surrounding one of their power plants in/near Hinkley, CA on the edge of the Mojave Desert) with toxic, hexavalent chromium.  This discovery leads to the queen mother of all class-action lawsuits (at least in terms of the award), in which hundreds of Hinkley residents sue PG&E (by and through the representation of Erin's boss) in a toxic tort action that eventually nets a 330 million dollar settlement for the plaintiffs.Erin Brockovich is a vain, brassy, boorish, single mother of three young children, with no marketable work skills, a transparently opportunistic manner, who dresses very much the same way as the prostitute character Roberts played in "Pretty Woman" (prior to Richard Gere's character taking her on the infamous Rodeo Drive shopping spree).  The movie's beginning finds Erin unemployed and pursuing a personal injury lawsuit in connection with an automobile accident; her lawsuit is lost, primarily thanks to her own disastrous testimony (swearing, cursing and shrieking from the witness stand) while being questioned by opposing counsel.   Unbelievably, Erin parlays the failed lawsuit into a job at her attorney's (played by Albert Finney) firm, mainly by pushing her way into the office and ensconcing herself at a desk.   Later, while handling the paperwork for a run-of-the-mill, pro bono, real estate sale, Erin discovers the file contains the seller's medical records, that, for reasons she (correctly) does not understand, seem to be of particular interest to the buyer, the mega utility company, Pacific Gas and Electric.  Erin independently embarks on her own personal investigation of the case and discovers that PG&E had (for decades) negligently contaminated the ground water (surrounding one of their power plants in/near Hinkley, CA on the edge of the Mojave Desert) with toxic, hexavalent chromium.  This discovery leads to the queen mother of all class-action lawsuits (at least in terms of the award), in which hundreds of Hinkley residents sue PG&E (by and through the representation of Erin's boss) in a toxic tort action that eventually nets a 330 million dollar settlement for the plaintiffs.Roberts gives a photogenic, if not especially gifted, performance in her role as Erin. The movie contains a plethora of flattering shots of Roberts (literally gushing out skin-tight, low-cut, bustier-inspired "work clothes" that would never be permissible attire for any employee of a law firm on this planet) as she engages in warm and fuzzy discourses with the unsuspecting and unsophisticated Hinkley residents. While there is much to be said for Erin's apparent drive and tenacity as she pursues the plaintiffs in the suit, she is not an especially likeable character; rather, she is rude, verbally abusive and only conciliatory and kind when and if it serves her interests.Roberts gives a photogenic, if not especially gifted, performance in her role as Erin. The movie contains a plethora of flattering shots of Roberts (literally gushing out skin-tight, low-cut, bustier-inspired "work clothes" that would never be permissible attire for any employee of a law firm on this planet) as she engages in warm and fuzzy discourses with the unsuspecting and unsophisticated Hinkley residents. While there is much to be said for Erin's apparent drive and tenacity as she pursues the plaintiffs in the suit, she is not an especially likeable character; rather, she is rude, verbally abusive and only conciliatory and kind when and if it serves her interests.Albert Finney is considerably more appealing and believable as Ed Masry, the aged and  weary attorney who is Erin's boss.  The bantering that occurs between the two is generally amusing; unfortunately thanks to the inept direction and camera work, the focus for these scenes seems to be more on Roberts (strutting about in short leather skirts and noisy, five-inched-heeled mules) than on the sometimes-interesting personality dynamics that seemingly exists between the two characters.  Aaron Eckhart plays the affable, gentle biker and next-door-neighbor, George, who becomes Erin's boyfriend-by-convenience.  The "convenience" factor is totally one-sided and for Erin's benefit exclusively; she  unabashedly uses George for free, live-in childcare, thereby giving her the necessary freedom to assist Masry as they put together the historic case.  Erin eventually winds up receiving a staggering two million dollar "bonus" check  (from Masry) when the tort action case settles; contrastingly, George gets a "thanks" for his nanny services from Erin and his walking papers. Albert Finney is considerably more appealing and believable as Ed Masry, the aged and  weary attorney who is Erin's boss.  The bantering that occurs between the two is generally amusing; unfortunately thanks to the inept direction and camera work, the focus for these scenes seems to be more on Roberts (strutting about in short leather skirts and noisy, five-inched-heeled mules) than on the sometimes-interesting personality dynamics that seemingly exists between the two characters.  Aaron Eckhart plays the affable, gentle biker and next-door-neighbor, George, who becomes Erin's boyfriend-by-convenience.  The "convenience" factor is totally one-sided and for Erin's benefit exclusively; she  unabashedly uses George for free, live-in childcare, thereby giving her the necessary freedom to assist Masry as they put together the historic case.  Erin eventually winds up receiving a staggering two million dollar "bonus" check  (from Masry) when the tort action case settles; contrastingly, George gets a "thanks" for his nanny services from Erin and his walking papers. The plaintiffs in the case are an assortment of simple individuals with unpretentious outlooks on life, who have been dealt a dirty hand by the utility giant.  Though the Hinkley residents are sympathetically portrayed, make no mistake-this movie is about Erin Brockovich (indeed, I do not think there is a single scene in which the chacracter is not present) and less about the brave struggles with life-threatening, generation-spanning illnesses that the real-life plaintiffs were forced to face, due to the toxicity in their water source.  Erin Brockovich is presented to the viewing audience (in typical Hollywood fashion) as a sort of heroine; but in fairness it would seem more accurate to say that she was a woman who indiscriminately used people, walked on others when necessary and seized opportunity after opportunity until she eventually struck it lucky and got rich.  Is the movie entertaining-absolutely.   Inspiring- not even slightly.
 There are no words to describe how AWFUL (!!!) this "movie" was from beginning to end, but let me try anyway so as to give people a fair chance to avoid it and thus try and prevent their day/evening from being ruined: the film supposedly deals with a woman who has an accident and is "touched" by a sex angel only to discover she is a sex addict and the twelfth sex apostle... Need I say more?The plot, the "humor," the dialogues, and the music are way beyond "below average."There is next to no nudity and there are no, I mean 0 as in ZERO beautiful girls, in this film!As for the acting-oh my- the acting is beyond words...School plays (and pre-school for that matter) have better actors!  It is truly sad... Rent or buy (ha ha ha) at your own risk.  You have been warned!
 THIS MOVIE IS NOT VULGAR NOR DOES IT RATE NC17...DONT BELIEVE THE HYPE. CHECK OUT PINK FLAMINGOS INSTEAD, NOW THAT IS A VULGARLY RIGHTEOUS MOVIE BY WATERS AND THE WITH THE GODDESS OF FILTH..DEVINE
 I watched this movie all the way through only because I paid $22.00 plus shipping and felt I should give it every chance to redeem itself. It is a stinker and if there were minus number ratings I would give it -10!! Rated "R" for what? Language? Adult content? I have seen Disney films more deserving of the "R" rating. This movie was silly, definitely not entertaining in any way and I threw it in the same bucket I put my dog's crap in when I clean up the yard. I am a Chris Isaak fan, have all his CDs and went to his concert on December 9. The fact that he would associate himself with this garbage has changed my view of him and unfortunately, even his music. I did not find the film offensive, I enjoy hard core porn. I feel this is a rip off, poorly done in all aspects and highly do not recommend it to anyone!!!
 During my teenage years I was a fan of WWF wrestling and specifically, the Rock.  He was a tremendous wrestler who the fans admired right away because of his talent to be extremely funny on the microphone and cut some of the funniest, most disgusting lines ever mentioned on WWF TV.  His talent in the ring was spot-on, and the Rock would always give the people everything he had when it came time to step in the ring and compete.  He rarely made a mistake in the ring... but he made a HUGE mistake stepping away from wrestling and walking down the path to Hollywood.During my teenage years I was a fan of WWF wrestling and specifically, the Rock.  He was a tremendous wrestler who the fans admired right away because of his talent to be extremely funny on the microphone and cut some of the funniest, most disgusting lines ever mentioned on WWF TV.  His talent in the ring was spot-on, and the Rock would always give the people everything he had when it came time to step in the ring and compete.  He rarely made a mistake in the ring... but he made a HUGE mistake stepping away from wrestling and walking down the path to Hollywood.It's not that Doom is really a bad movie.  Sure, it was a movie considered a disappointment right from the get go because no one wanted to watch it at the movie theaters.  It's just a normal, monster-shooting film that delivers a tiny amount of suspense, and that's it.  I'm sure the movie would've been big had it been released 10 years ago.  Todays generation is probably sick of go-nowhere do-nothing action films such as Doom.  Okay, so it DOES go somewhere, but the film isn't really designed to build to an awe-inspiring creative story.  It's not that Doom is really a bad movie.  Sure, it was a movie considered a disappointment right from the get go because no one wanted to watch it at the movie theaters.  It's just a normal, monster-shooting film that delivers a tiny amount of suspense, and that's it.  I'm sure the movie would've been big had it been released 10 years ago.  Todays generation is probably sick of go-nowhere do-nothing action films such as Doom.  Okay, so it DOES go somewhere, but the film isn't really designed to build to an awe-inspiring creative story.  Doom is the kind of movie you don't really want to seek out- you just happen to come across it at the video store and decide you need a quick 90-minute action fix, so you rent the movie, watch it, and then forget about it the next morning.  Of course, I'm sure you don't forget to rewind the tape because that's impolite.  Doom is the kind of movie you don't really want to seek out- you just happen to come across it at the video store and decide you need a quick 90-minute action fix, so you rent the movie, watch it, and then forget about it the next morning.  Of course, I'm sure you don't forget to rewind the tape because that's impolite.  The Rock never should have left wrestling.  It was a bad career move and the millions of wrestling fans (and the Rock means MILLIONS) really miss him.  Come back home, Rock.  Please
 The film has its amusing and even touching points, but not very many. The big problem with RH is that neither Ford or Benning are sympathetic characters. Henry is just the kind of self-important, ego-bloated, smug, arrogant, cold-blooded corporate ass that's helped step on working people for real, so it's really hard to feel anything for him, shot or not. He's arrogant even with a gun pointed at him, and the fact that it takes a bullet in his brain to even make him consider acting human is, if you think about it, appalling. And his wife is, in a way, even worse; she accepts his character so she can have all the material things it buys and status is provides. She goes into a panic when she thinks they may have to give anything up, and doesn't become "normal" ntil much later. Only their daughter has any heart at all. Maybe a better ending would've been Henry's not making it, Bening going nuts from losing her stuff, and the kid being placed in a foster home with the kind of people her parents should've been from day one. Barely watchable. 
 Love Michael Buble, but this was more like a home made movie of someone using their camcorder from the audience. Parts of Michael's head was cut off, and then; sometimes, his whole head was cut off. Most of the time, the camera man didn't expect where Michael was going to move to and you'll get a jerky movement of the camera man trying to get Michael back into the picture. I wish they would have said in the description that this was more of a documentary than a concert. That this was just home made videos. This was definitely not worth $20. If you want a professional quality concert, I would recommend buying Michael Buble's Caught in the Act. Caught in the Act was worth the $20 bucks. You get professional camera men who anticipated Michael's movements, and parts of his head was never cut off like Come Fly with Me's DVD. Also, the sound quality on Caught in the Act was way better. Now, I understand why some places sold Come Fly with Me DVD's and had the word enhanced after it. The DVD that I received was not enhanced. Anyways, skip this one, and get "Caught in the Act" instead.Love Michael Buble, but this was more like a home made movie of someone using their camcorder from the audience. Parts of Michael's head was cut off, and then; sometimes, his whole head was cut off. Most of the time, the camera man didn't expect where Michael was going to move to and you'll get a jerky movement of the camera man trying to get Michael back into the picture. I wish they would have said in the description that this was more of a documentary than a concert. That this was just home made videos. This was definitely not worth $20. If you want a professional quality concert, I would recommend buying Michael Buble's Caught in the Act. Caught in the Act was worth the $20 bucks. You get professional camera men who anticipated Michael's movements, and parts of his head was never cut off like Come Fly with Me's DVD. Also, the sound quality on Caught in the Act was way better. Now, I understand why some places sold Come Fly with Me DVD's and had the word enhanced after it. The DVD that I received was not enhanced. Anyways, skip this one, and get "Caught in the Act" instead.
   This was so messy and Mr. Dorrington so over the top inhi self promotion. YUK.!..my partner and I were disgusted.He and his deceased friend/photographer are the rotten people who enter jungle animal habitats and cause the animals so much stress as to charge at them and these creeps can take photographs and brag-Degenerates for sure.Too damn bad for your buddy. It was obvious this was not quite of the caliber daring/bold/ and challenging as some of Herzogs past films. We have been fans for 20+ years. Looks like he did it for the money and Dorrington rodeHerzogs coatails in  a way. Geez..I had just watched March of the Penguins and Wings of Migration and those! are truly documentaries made by film experts. The babbling and rambling on in The White Diamond made me pity Herzog. He did it for the $ maybe.Dorrington yammers on and on in such a disgusting way I suggest you turn the sound off and fast forward to the end shotsof the waterfall and the swifts. Hey Dorrington-Who cares about you? Herzog..Get out of California before you rot
 I remember LOVING this movie and all of its silliness. I recently made it a nostalgia purchase and realized-it isn't that great. but my 6 year old LOVED it and continues to watch it all the time. My child is now a Weird Al Fanatic...and I am ok woth that
 This DVD covers addition from 1 plus 1 to 3 plus 3 plus 3 in about 60 seconds!  It does not give enough BODY to the addition explanation and is hard to follow.  It was a pure waste of money
 Do not buy this DVD as it is a total waste of money,Joe Walsh canbe heard on a much better DVD with Eagles Farewell 1 Melbourne,Au. This DVD DOES NOT have DTS 5.1 Audio format as advertised
 This show is so boring all it's about is poltics. What was HBO thinking having the one of the oddest shows out, it doesn't play no background music even when it's going off. And all the people do on that show is argue like petie little children, in one episode I found very shocking to hear was from a blond hair woman saying the two oldest sons of Saddam Hussian that died they made their bodies into make up she said it's so (Queer Eye for the Straite Guy) and another episode she call a gay a fag, I didn't know she had that in her. What I found weird was why would actor George Clooney would talk what the show is all about during previews, he has nothing to do with political things. Thank god "K-Street" never did get a second season
 Jodie Foster is excellent but there is no doubt that the daughter will be found on the plane at the end. The only mystery is in the details. No real suspense. I found the plot to be a little farfetched
 This has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The only thing that stopped me from demanding my money back at the end was the fact that I saw it in a free sneak preview.This has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The only thing that stopped me from demanding my money back at the end was the fact that I saw it in a free sneak preview.By the end of movie you don't like any of the characters and you don't care what happens to them, even the ones that started out sympathetic and likable.  The third time Jack Nicholson's character gets beaten with his own golf clubs you're torn between wishing they'd just kill him already and wishing they'd kill you instead so you don't have to sit through anymore of this crap.By the end of movie you don't like any of the characters and you don't care what happens to them, even the ones that started out sympathetic and likable.  The third time Jack Nicholson's character gets beaten with his own golf clubs you're torn between wishing they'd just kill him already and wishing they'd kill you instead so you don't have to sit through anymore of this crap.Save your time and your money, turn around and walk away from this one.  I wish I had
 Despite managing to give fleeting impressions of importance and quality, this film is a complete put-on. The long "set-piece" scenes (wedding, Russian roulette, etc.) are much discussed, usually either in the context of being "essential for character development" or "boring". In fact they're a delaying mechanism behind which the filmmaker attempts to hide his lack of storytelling skills. Once he does try to move things along, awkwardly jumping without explanation or exposition from one bloated set-piece to another, you can see the reason for his procrastination - despite being desperate to give the impression of profundity and truth, he really has nothing to say. The actors go a long way toward diverting attention from the film's awkward vacuousness, by giving false and short-lived impressions of character and narrative, but this falls apart whenever the filmmaker attempts to make anything "happen" narrative-wise. 2 stars is rather generous, but De Niro, Walken and company deserve some recognition for some good acting, albeit for such a misguided cause. Ultimately, despite some controversy, many of the film's questionable portrayals of Vietnam, Vietnamese, America, Americans and war are to be condemned more for their cinematic silliness than for their historical inaccuracy
 So-So story about a man's relationship with a less than pleasant child star and said child star's mother.So-So story about a man's relationship with a less than pleasant child star and said child star's mother.Like that old Dickie Roberts movie, it tries to say something about the plight of former and soon to be former child stars, but does not do a good job of it.Like that old Dickie Roberts movie, it tries to say something about the plight of former and soon to be former child stars, but does not do a good job of it.Mickey Rooney and Shirley Temple, where are you when we need you?Mickey Rooney and Shirley Temple, where are you when we need you?Mickey Rooney and Shirley Temple, where are you when we need you?Mickey Rooney and Shirley Temple, where are you when we need you?
 About the only thing this movie has going for it is the excellent music. The producers of this film are out of their mind if they expect any viewer who's not screwed-up in the head to feel sorry for the two stupid main characters just because their sick, incestuous, and adulterous lifestyle is incompatible with the world they live in. If you want to leave your entertainment center in a good mood, don't watch this
 Waste of time.  I turned it off.  The "extra features" were slightly interesting.  The actual film was just a vehicle for the creators to show themselves dancing.  A vanity piece.  Why not present just the dance and save us from excruciating, badly-written melodrama.  Don't bother
 This Pride and Prejudice fan was hoping for a modern-day movie with a storyline much closer to Pride and Prejudice.  Even Colin Firth could'nt save this one for me!  On its own I found it sadly lacking in just about everything I look for in a romantic comedy including romance and humor.   If you are a true Pride and Prejudice fan, I recommend buying the BBC series and the 2005 movie version.  Both are excellent.  I would'nt waste my time again with this one
 If this movie were set in the US, I would've given it 1 star but the British accent, humor, and colloquialisms partially saved it...but not enough, sorry to say!If this movie were set in the US, I would've given it 1 star but the British accent, humor, and colloquialisms partially saved it...but not enough, sorry to say!Why not?  Because despite a few mildly surprising and utterly contrived plot twists here and there, this film is still built on a particularly toxic myth: the desperately lonely and insecure 30-something single woman who is made to be as endearingly pathetic as possible for the audience to root for her inevitable finding by a Mr. Right.  Here, the film accomplishes that by making the central character tubby, clumsy, and possessing ridiculously bad luck and ill timing.  Why not?  Because despite a few mildly surprising and utterly contrived plot twists here and there, this film is still built on a particularly toxic myth: the desperately lonely and insecure 30-something single woman who is made to be as endearingly pathetic as possible for the audience to root for her inevitable finding by a Mr. Right.  Here, the film accomplishes that by making the central character tubby, clumsy, and possessing ridiculously bad luck and ill timing.  Almost from the first 5 minutes, this movie just reeks of focus-group-inspired audience manipulation as it slogs through the same old trite cliches and recycled TV-sitcom bits.  Was there even ONE half-original character in this whole movie?  Don't remember any...maybe because I'd like to forget this dreadful cringe-fest of a flick ASAP
 it seems like the actors didn't even read the book before they decided how to play their parts!  amanda root is terrible as anne elliot... overly timid and shy... captain wentworth isn't at all handsome or dashing... and when they finally get together at the end, it's so awkward, bland, and unclimactic you wished you'd never watched the movie because it so tainted the way you saw that moment as you read it in the book... some people might have liked it, but i definitely didn't.  to get an idea of the adaptions of jane austen i did like, i liked the keira knightley and the colin firth versions of pride and prejudice.  this movie could have been bette
 it seems like the actors didn't even read the book before they decided how to play their parts!  amanda root is terrible as anne elliot... overly timid and shy... captain wentworth isn't at all handsome or dashing... and when they finally get together at the end, it's so awkward, bland, and unclimactic you wished you'd never watched the movie because it so tainted the way you saw that moment as you read it in the book... some people might have liked it, but i definitely didn't.  to get an idea of the adaptions of jane austen i did like, i liked the keira knightley and the colin firth versions of pride and prejudice.  this movie could have been betteApparently, this is a film that many women, who have read the book, can make enjoyable. Apparently, this is a film that many women, who have read the book, can make enjoyable. Characters, including Anne & the Captain, display wooden acting. Poker-faces. Others speak at a clipped pace. The properness of the times allowed for personality, as shown well in "Pride & Prejudice" 1996 & 2006, but not here. Shyness, plainness, or slowness, may be portrayed likeably, with some personality. Characters, including Anne & the Captain, display wooden acting. Poker-faces. Others speak at a clipped pace. The properness of the times allowed for personality, as shown well in "Pride & Prejudice" 1996 & 2006, but not here. Shyness, plainness, or slowness, may be portrayed likeably, with some personality. Both Anne & the Captain maintain wide-eyed, desperate, looks, constantly. Many of us do get nervous within romance; but we are compelled, by conversation, and activity, to interrupt our nervousness with personality. Thus, Anne's & the Captain's constant, wide-eyed, nervousness is un-natural. All of us at the age of Anne and the Captain, would have refined our nervousness to be responses of: shyness, thought, distance, hopefulness, approval, or alarm. Both Anne & the Captain maintain wide-eyed, desperate, looks, constantly. Many of us do get nervous within romance; but we are compelled, by conversation, and activity, to interrupt our nervousness with personality. Thus, Anne's & the Captain's constant, wide-eyed, nervousness is un-natural. All of us at the age of Anne and the Captain, would have refined our nervousness to be responses of: shyness, thought, distance, hopefulness, approval, or alarm. You understand the quiet thoughts, because of the story, in spite of the confusing, paralyzed, looks; rather than because of them. You come to like Anne and the Captain toward the end, in spite of the wooden acting, because of the story's ending.You understand the quiet thoughts, because of the story, in spite of the confusing, paralyzed, looks; rather than because of them. You come to like Anne and the Captain toward the end, in spite of the wooden acting, because of the story's ending.This film has pretty scenery; such as walks along the ocean. The costumes are often very unique and well done. There is beautiful singing in one scene, and even better, wonderful singing over the closing credits. This film has pretty scenery; such as walks along the ocean. The costumes are often very unique and well done. There is beautiful singing in one scene, and even better, wonderful singing over the closing credits. Good period, romance films are so few, and so desired, that many women labor to imagine this film better than it is. I applaud their positive imaginations. However, they continued their fanciful, wishful, thoughts into rating this film. A reviewer, who liked the film, says she had read the book, and she cites a huge amount of important background from the book that is not shown in the film. A poor script for those who have not read the book. Awful directing made awful acting. Good period, romance films are so few, and so desired, that many women labor to imagine this film better than it is. I applaud their positive imaginations. However, they continued their fanciful, wishful, thoughts into rating this film. A reviewer, who liked the film, says she had read the book, and she cites a huge amount of important background from the book that is not shown in the film. A poor script for those who have not read the book. Awful directing made awful acting. I would like to see this good story re-made by a better Director. I would like to see this good story re-made by a better Director. Well-made romance films are: "Pride & Prejudice", "Wives & Daughters", "North & South". Fairly made is "Under the Greenwood Tree"
 All of us have a dark side.  Unfortunately AUTO FOCUS focuses on this small subset of actor Bob Crane's life and expands it out of proportion.  In doing so the movie reduces the other voluminous and interesting aspects of Crane's life and career as window dressing.  Even the screenplay is, at best, an uneducated guess at the evening escapades of Bob Crane and John H. Carpernter  -- since both are deceased with the former murdered and the latter the twice-accused murder suspect.All of us have a dark side.  Unfortunately AUTO FOCUS focuses on this small subset of actor Bob Crane's life and expands it out of proportion.  In doing so the movie reduces the other voluminous and interesting aspects of Crane's life and career as window dressing.  Even the screenplay is, at best, an uneducated guess at the evening escapades of Bob Crane and John H. Carpernter  -- since both are deceased with the former murdered and the latter the twice-accused murder suspect.In viewing this film I knew that it would involve some of Crane's extracurricular activities.  My interest in the film was as a HOGAN'S HEROES fan and hopeful that the movie would spend more time on the back stage politics and production of the successful six-year series.  Bob Crane's professional credits alone would make for a good film.  AUTO FOCUS unfortunately revolves around Crane's so-called "secret life" and is little more than a product for the risque film crowd.In viewing this film I knew that it would involve some of Crane's extracurricular activities.  My interest in the film was as a HOGAN'S HEROES fan and hopeful that the movie would spend more time on the back stage politics and production of the successful six-year series.  Bob Crane's professional credits alone would make for a good film.  AUTO FOCUS unfortunately revolves around Crane's so-called "secret life" and is little more than a product for the risque film crowd.Facts are facts and there are established truths about Bob Crane's private life.  AUTO FOCUS, however, should be approached as a fictionalized story straight out of a grocery store scandal magazine.  You are better off spending your time and money buying the DVD releases of the HOGAN'S HEROES television series.Facts are facts and there are established truths about Bob Crane's private life.  AUTO FOCUS, however, should be approached as a fictionalized story straight out of a grocery store scandal magazine.  You are better off spending your time and money buying the DVD releases of the HOGAN'S HEROES television series.Facts are facts and there are established truths about Bob Crane's private life.  AUTO FOCUS, however, should be approached as a fictionalized story straight out of a grocery store scandal magazine.  You are better off spending your time and money buying the DVD releases of the HOGAN'S HEROES television series.Facts are facts and there are established truths about Bob Crane's private life.  AUTO FOCUS, however, should be approached as a fictionalized story straight out of a grocery store scandal magazine.  You are better off spending your time and money buying the DVD releases of the HOGAN'S HEROES television series.
 I was optimistic for Greg Kinnear once.  He was very funny ragging on Soap Soup.  He usually plays the nice-guy second banana in film or a man dying of AIDS.  Auto Focus gave him a chance to portray a 1960's TV icon, Hogan, in Hogan's Heroes.  The replication of the original cast is a bit eerie.  After all, these actors dress up as German prison guards.  A chill goes down my spine, but Hogan's was a comedy, which made the series kind of a curiosity beyond the silly caricatures of those funny SS guys.  Anyhow, Bob Crane played Hogan for six years and Kinnear badly imitated.  Yes, I'm sorry to say, Kinnear is awful as Crane, which puts a damper on the bio-flick.I was optimistic for Greg Kinnear once.  He was very funny ragging on Soap Soup.  He usually plays the nice-guy second banana in film or a man dying of AIDS.  Auto Focus gave him a chance to portray a 1960's TV icon, Hogan, in Hogan's Heroes.  The replication of the original cast is a bit eerie.  After all, these actors dress up as German prison guards.  A chill goes down my spine, but Hogan's was a comedy, which made the series kind of a curiosity beyond the silly caricatures of those funny SS guys.  Anyhow, Bob Crane played Hogan for six years and Kinnear badly imitated.  Yes, I'm sorry to say, Kinnear is awful as Crane, which puts a damper on the bio-flick.Here's a disc jockey with semi-hip 60's patter on the air with an All American family, a loving wife and cute kids.  They live like Ozzie and Harriet in the LA burbs, going to Catholic Church on Sunday.  Crane lands his big break, falling for the trappings of fame.  Most people fall for the trappings of fame.  Read the supermarket check out magazine racks.  So all of a sudden, Crane's garage porn collection isn't enough.  Women, very beautiful, Hollywood loose-morals women find Crane and his buddy William Defoe irresistible.  The birth of the video camera comes into play.Here's a disc jockey with semi-hip 60's patter on the air with an All American family, a loving wife and cute kids.  They live like Ozzie and Harriet in the LA burbs, going to Catholic Church on Sunday.  Crane lands his big break, falling for the trappings of fame.  Most people fall for the trappings of fame.  Read the supermarket check out magazine racks.  So all of a sudden, Crane's garage porn collection isn't enough.  Women, very beautiful, Hollywood loose-morals women find Crane and his buddy William Defoe irresistible.  The birth of the video camera comes into play.The trouble with the script or maybe it's the cardboard way Kinnear acts, we watch, but in the end, we don't care.
 This has not aged well. The scripts are silly, the acting is of the "chewing up the scenery" variety. Gale Storm no longer seems cute; she comes across as annoyingly perky. Spend your money on something else
 I just watched this movie version of the classic childrens' book with my wife.  Here are my gut impressions:I just watched this movie version of the classic childrens' book with my wife.  Here are my gut impressions:First, very little is true to the book.  That's not really a gut impression.  That's the impression I got hearing my wife say "That's not in the book...that's not in the book..."First, very little is true to the book.  That's not really a gut impression.  That's the impression I got hearing my wife say "That's not in the book...that's not in the book..."Actually this movie is more like a computer animation demo than a vehicle for story telling.  It makes for beautiful stills and pictures, and those made me want to see the movie.   Actually this movie is more like a computer animation demo than a vehicle for story telling.  It makes for beautiful stills and pictures, and those made me want to see the movie.   I expected a heart warming Christmas story, and what I got was about an hour of frantic scenes of out-of-control railroad and other technology animated like never before with just enough pauses betwen them to remind me why I'm watching.  You get to see... A kid chasing a ticket through a train, A kid chasing a ticket over the roof of a train, A ticket making its way through the forest -- Rube Goldberg style -- back to the train,A ticket making its way through the forest -- Rube Goldberg style -- back to the train,(Forty minutes into this movie and one girl's train ticket is the star of the show!)(Forty minutes into this movie and one girl's train ticket is the star of the show!)OK, the ticket sub plot is resolved and we have...OK, the ticket sub plot is resolved and we have...A train sliding out of control on the ice,A train sliding out of control on the ice,A train trying to outrun cracks on the ice,A train trying to outrun cracks on the ice,A train going full throttle out of control and racing up and down mountain valleys like a roller coaster (fans of the "coaster tycoon" series of computer games will feel right at home) until finally it arrives at the North Pole. A train going full throttle out of control and racing up and down mountain valleys like a roller coaster (fans of the "coaster tycoon" series of computer games will feel right at home) until finally it arrives at the North Pole. Then, the train car with the central character kids gets detached so we have...Then, the train car with the central character kids gets detached so we have...A train car running out of control through Santa's village,A train car running out of control through Santa's village,Kids getting lost in the Christmas present manufacturing plant and falling through the chutes and machinery of the factory, and then...Kids getting lost in the Christmas present manufacturing plant and falling through the chutes and machinery of the factory, and then...Kids getting lost in a bag of presents that is taken by a flying machine to Santa's sled launching pad where the star at the top of the tree is dislodged and nearly impales an innocent elf.  Ho ho ho.Kids getting lost in a bag of presents that is taken by a flying machine to Santa's sled launching pad where the star at the top of the tree is dislodged and nearly impales an innocent elf.  Ho ho ho.At least let me have a joystick and a couple of buttons so I can help these kids out!  It's like a computer animated train wreck in fast motion.  You know it's awful but you can't look away!  At least let me have a joystick and a couple of buttons so I can help these kids out!  It's like a computer animated train wreck in fast motion.  You know it's awful but you can't look away!  And, you'd better think twice before letting any very young children see this.  It could be very frightening on a big screen with the volume turned up.  My wife and I were going to watch it with our three and six year old sons, and we were very glad that we didn't.And, you'd better think twice before letting any very young children see this.  It could be very frightening on a big screen with the volume turned up.  My wife and I were going to watch it with our three and six year old sons, and we were very glad that we didn't.So, what could have been a classic, enduring, and endearing compliment to a classic childrens' Christmas story is little more than a great line for some computer animator to have on his or her resume.  Two thirds of this movie is devoted to stuff that doesn't advance the story or develop the characters one bit.  Whatever a "character driven" story is, this is the opposite.  Never have I seen so many rendered pixels doing so much and accomplishing so little.So, what could have been a classic, enduring, and endearing compliment to a classic childrens' Christmas story is little more than a great line for some computer animator to have on his or her resume.  Two thirds of this movie is devoted to stuff that doesn't advance the story or develop the characters one bit.  Whatever a "character driven" story is, this is the opposite.  Never have I seen so many rendered pixels doing so much and accomplishing so little.I'd rather set up my old American Flyer electric trains and let them run around the tree while I read the book to my kids. I'd rather set up my old American Flyer electric trains and let them run around the tree while I read the book to my kids.         
 The picture book of the same name by Chris Van Allsberg is one of my favorite Christmas stories of all times.  So I was pretty excited to hear Hollywood was making a movie version and a great actor like Tom Hanks was a leading participant.   What a disappointment!  The movie's tone is empty and wintery at best and at worst downright creepy.  There are macabre touches throughout the movie with the most memorable being a mysterious hobo (apparently supernatural?)  who appears on top of the train from time to time and utters interesting Christmas messages such as "Do you believe in Ghosts?"  The "lighter" scenes are so frenzied and overblown they do nothing to give the viewer a more cheerful holiday feeling.  Admittedly I saw the movie in DVD format on the small screen and I am told many of the scenes played better in 3D.  Yet "The Polar Express" still remains a highly unusual and uniquely unmerry Christmas movie especially for a presumed target audience of families with young children.     
 This film is a tough one to review. The film itself is amazing. So therefore, I should give it high marks. The problem is that what most people seem to be getting from this is that all environmentalists are wackos, and there is no way we can cohabitate with nature (as if we came from outer space or something). That is a bad and dangerous message, and so I feel it is appropriate here to give this 1 star based upon that.This film is a tough one to review. The film itself is amazing. So therefore, I should give it high marks. The problem is that what most people seem to be getting from this is that all environmentalists are wackos, and there is no way we can cohabitate with nature (as if we came from outer space or something). That is a bad and dangerous message, and so I feel it is appropriate here to give this 1 star based upon that.Amazing footage, but ultimately does nothing but further the sensationalism required to seek and destroy more animals and natural habitats. How many grizzlies are hunted down and killed every year vs. how many humans are killed by grizzlies every year? Then take into account the fish we killed off because of dams, pollution, and over fishing that destroy the bears food source.Amazing footage, but ultimately does nothing but further the sensationalism required to seek and destroy more animals and natural habitats. How many grizzlies are hunted down and killed every year vs. how many humans are killed by grizzlies every year? Then take into account the fish we killed off because of dams, pollution, and over fishing that destroy the bears food source.How many grizzlies kill humans vs. how many cars kill humans? Shouldn't we all be more scared of cars?How many grizzlies kill humans vs. how many cars kill humans? Shouldn't we all be more scared of cars?I agree with the other reviewers that have said that this guy is cracked and self-serving. We can co-exist with nature, but not in the way this nutjob tries to do it. Native Americans (whom we also destroyed) co-existed with them for thousands of years. They respected the grizzly. This guy no more respects the grizzly than does the cancerous civilization he condemns.I agree with the other reviewers that have said that this guy is cracked and self-serving. We can co-exist with nature, but not in the way this nutjob tries to do it. Native Americans (whom we also destroyed) co-existed with them for thousands of years. They respected the grizzly. This guy no more respects the grizzly than does the cancerous civilization he condemns.Treadwell was very conflicted and troubled. Not that we aren't all troubled, not that we all don't deal with failure and disappointment, not that a good rant doesn't make you feel better from time to time, but he had a death wish, and this was really just suicide by bear the way I saw it. Am I the only one that noticed he seemed very at odds with his sexuality? Lastly, in some of the interviews, well, they were just weird and contrived, like they were acting. These weird people in this film do nothing but harm the cause
 Wasted talent.  None of the characters are believable in the roles they are portraying.  Some funny stuff.  Craig Ferguson can do better.  Charlotte Church should stick to singing as acting is not her forte.  Every thing in this movie seems forced and there is no chemistry between the characters
 There's a reason why they talk about the "Voice of an Angel" -- it's because Charlotte Church certainly doesn't have the acting presence of one. Her acting debut "I'll Be There" is proof enough -- only the presence of its star got this tepid little drama into theatres, where it rapidly dropped out of sight. Rightly so.There's a reason why they talk about the "Voice of an Angel" -- it's because Charlotte Church certainly doesn't have the acting presence of one. Her acting debut "I'll Be There" is proof enough -- only the presence of its star got this tepid little drama into theatres, where it rapidly dropped out of sight. Rightly so.Seventeen years ago, Paul Kerr (Craig Ferguson) of the Love Rats had a fling with a groupie at a concert. Fast forward to the present: Kerr discovers that unknown to him, his ex Rebecca (Jemma Redgrave) gave birth to a daughter, Olivia (Charlotte Church), who is now a well-adjusted paper girl.Seventeen years ago, Paul Kerr (Craig Ferguson) of the Love Rats had a fling with a groupie at a concert. Fast forward to the present: Kerr discovers that unknown to him, his ex Rebecca (Jemma Redgrave) gave birth to a daughter, Olivia (Charlotte Church), who is now a well-adjusted paper girl.The problem is, Olivia has been kept a secret from her dad. Rebecca is embittered, but Kerr wants to get to know his daughter, and similarly Olivia wants to get to know her father. Music seems to be the thing that will bring the angel-voiced girl and the burned-out rocker together, but Rebecca doesn't want her child to follow in her father's footsteps.The problem is, Olivia has been kept a secret from her dad. Rebecca is embittered, but Kerr wants to get to know his daughter, and similarly Olivia wants to get to know her father. Music seems to be the thing that will bring the angel-voiced girl and the burned-out rocker together, but Rebecca doesn't want her child to follow in her father's footsteps."I'll Be There" was hyped months in advance as being inspired by the life of actress Liv Tyler, who, despite being only in her twenties, has had an immensely interesting life. Well, maybe someday she WILL get a biopic, because "I'll Be There" is only similar in one way: It involves a rock star and his daughter. Otherwise, it is boring in about every way that Tyler's life is interesting."I'll Be There" was hyped months in advance as being inspired by the life of actress Liv Tyler, who, despite being only in her twenties, has had an immensely interesting life. Well, maybe someday she WILL get a biopic, because "I'll Be There" is only similar in one way: It involves a rock star and his daughter. Otherwise, it is boring in about every way that Tyler's life is interesting.With a forgettable script, not much humor and a goofy premise, the movie doesn't have a lot going for it -- it reads like a disgruntled teenager's absurdist fantasy, scripted for Church to act out. And not a terribly interesting teenager, either. It gets increasingly ridiculous when Olivia decides to pursue music to bond with Daddy Dearest; it's an obvious ploy to show off Church's vocal skills. With a forgettable script, not much humor and a goofy premise, the movie doesn't have a lot going for it -- it reads like a disgruntled teenager's absurdist fantasy, scripted for Church to act out. And not a terribly interesting teenager, either. It gets increasingly ridiculous when Olivia decides to pursue music to bond with Daddy Dearest; it's an obvious ploy to show off Church's vocal skills. The best that can be said of Church's performance is that at times she looks sweet. As for acting talent, she is bland at best, but she does perform some good songs, and her voice is as pretty as ever. Just watch the songs and fast-forward her actual scenes. Redgrave does as good a job as she can, and Ferguson wrings some pathos from his performance as an aging rocker. His is the only memorable role in the film, and it's a shame that the movie didn't focus on him rather than the dull Miss Church.The best that can be said of Church's performance is that at times she looks sweet. As for acting talent, she is bland at best, but she does perform some good songs, and her voice is as pretty as ever. Just watch the songs and fast-forward her actual scenes. Redgrave does as good a job as she can, and Ferguson wrings some pathos from his performance as an aging rocker. His is the only memorable role in the film, and it's a shame that the movie didn't focus on him rather than the dull Miss Church.Miss Church appears to have chosen a role that glorifies her in the middle of an atrocious film -- also known as the Britney Spears approach. "I'll Be There," but I promise I'll get out as soon as I can
 The old DVD from 1997 looks better than the new HD version. I've compared the two, and the first DVD had good color saturation, dark blacks and looked right with the heavy red and brown palette. The HD version has a blue-green haze covering everything and the picture is too bright. They also removed the film grain and made the image look smooth and creamy. The sound quality is better now, though, and the image of course is higher resolution.
 This was probably the worst Royal Rumble in history. It featured three very bad matches, one decent one, a lousy Royal Rumble and an absolutely amazing match.This was probably the worst Royal Rumble in history. It featured three very bad matches, one decent one, a lousy Royal Rumble and an absolutely amazing match.Brock Lesnar vs. Big Show, Royal Rumble QualifierThis match was absolutely awful. The Big Show is a decent wrestler, but Brock Lesnar is absolutely terrible. A predictable ending made this match all the worse. This match is like watching a tumble weed.This match was absolutely awful. The Big Show is a decent wrestler, but Brock Lesnar is absolutely terrible. A predictable ending made this match all the worse. This match is like watching a tumble weed.The Dudley Boys (C) vs. William Regal and Lance StormThis was a fairly decent match. Regal and Storm are very good wrestlers and in the tag team forum, the Dudleys can hold their own. Its sad though that this was the second best match on the card. Nice surprise ending though.This was a fairly decent match. Regal and Storm are very good wrestlers and in the tag team forum, the Dudleys can hold their own. Its sad though that this was the second best match on the card. Nice surprise ending though.Torrie Wilson vs. Dawn MarieIf you take out the fact that Torrie Wilson and Dawn Marie are very nice to look at, this match is worthless. Unless you are really bored dont even bother watching this.If you take out the fact that Torrie Wilson and Dawn Marie are very nice to look at, this match is worthless. Unless you are really bored dont even bother watching this.Triple H (C) vs. Scott SteinerTriple H did all he could to save this one, but Steiner really cant wrestle anymore. I remember back in the early 90s where Scott Steiner was one of the best wrestlers in the game. Now he can hardly even move. This match really isnt worth seeing, yet its still better than some of the other matches on the card.Triple H did all he could to save this one, but Steiner really cant wrestle anymore. I remember back in the early 90s where Scott Steiner was one of the best wrestlers in the game. Now he can hardly even move. This match really isnt worth seeing, yet its still better than some of the other matches on the card.Kurt Angle (C) vs. Chris BenoitThere is no way to fairly describe this match. It was outstanding, phenomenal, amazing, incredible, brilliant. These two guys know how to wrestle and they put on a clinic. This match is easily one of the greatest wrestling matches of all time, and shows that you dont need steroids and steel chairs to put on an amazing match. Angle and Benoit are the two best wrestlers in the business and this match is proof.There is no way to fairly describe this match. It was outstanding, phenomenal, amazing, incredible, brilliant. These two guys know how to wrestle and they put on a clinic. This match is easily one of the greatest wrestling matches of all time, and shows that you dont need steroids and steel chairs to put on an amazing match. Angle and Benoit are the two best wrestlers in the business and this match is proof.2003 Royal Rumble MatchThis match was decent alright. There werent any really good spots. It was fairly boring all the way through, and highly predictable. It got a little interesting when the final five were in, Rob Van Dam, Kane, Undertaker, Batista and Lesnar. Unfortunately, Lesnar is an awful wrestler and he looked pathetic out there with other talented wrestlers. A guy like Brock should never be in the Royal Rumble. It's sad when the worst wrestler by far in the match wins.This match was decent alright. There werent any really good spots. It was fairly boring all the way through, and highly predictable. It got a little interesting when the final five were in, Rob Van Dam, Kane, Undertaker, Batista and Lesnar. Unfortunately, Lesnar is an awful wrestler and he looked pathetic out there with other talented wrestlers. A guy like Brock should never be in the Royal Rumble. It's sad when the worst wrestler by far in the match wins.This match was decent alright. There werent any really good spots. It was fairly boring all the way through, and highly predictable. It got a little interesting when the final five were in, Rob Van Dam, Kane, Undertaker, Batista and Lesnar. Unfortunately, Lesnar is an awful wrestler and he looked pathetic out there with other talented wrestlers. A guy like Brock should never be in the Royal Rumble. It's sad when the worst wrestler by far in the match wins.Its sad that an event with one of the greatest matches of all time gets only a 2 out of 5 rating, but theres nothing much to watch here other than Benoit/Angle. As I said, the Rumble was poor, the undercard was weak, and several of the matches were downright awful. The Benoit DVD has the Angle/Benoit match. Buy that. This isnt worth your money
 Let's face it; some of the jokes are funny. The one about Mike Tyson been like someone else's bulldog let loose in the room was really funny. I also found the bit about Bill Clinton and Osama Bin Laden also funny. However, Jamie dwells too much on the fart joke. How can you tell a fart joke for 6 minutes? After 2 min it becomes worn and so "unfunny". Why does he repeat himself so much with that line, "I am not saying she's a crackhead, just a bit crackish"? It sounds very rehearsed after the second time. If it were only for these errors I would have found the jokes altogether acceptable.Let's face it; some of the jokes are funny. The one about Mike Tyson been like someone else's bulldog let loose in the room was really funny. I also found the bit about Bill Clinton and Osama Bin Laden also funny. However, Jamie dwells too much on the fart joke. How can you tell a fart joke for 6 minutes? After 2 min it becomes worn and so "unfunny". Why does he repeat himself so much with that line, "I am not saying she's a crackhead, just a bit crackish"? It sounds very rehearsed after the second time. If it were only for these errors I would have found the jokes altogether acceptable.What I found completely unacceptable were the racist jokes that he made against Arabs. I am black myself but found some of the jokes about Islam and Arabs to be in bad taste. Jamie could not even get an Arab accent right. C'mon, guys the accent Jamie pulled was an Indian accent and not an Arab accent.What I found completely unacceptable were the racist jokes that he made against Arabs. I am black myself but found some of the jokes about Islam and Arabs to be in bad taste. Jamie could not even get an Arab accent right. C'mon, guys the accent Jamie pulled was an Indian accent and not an Arab accent.I kept asking myself, "what would black people do if a white comedian (say Robin Williams) makes the same crude jokes about black people?" Would it be acceptable?". I think not. I am sure the black press would slaughter Robin if he did. I wish to call a spade a spade. Nonsensical, crude racist jobs against any ethnic group (black, white, Asian and yes Arabs) are not funny. They degrade and demean. For not even managing to get an Arabic accent, Jamie deserves 2 stars from me.
 I enjoy the initial season of Murder She Wrote very much.  My wife and I are getting pretty good at discovering new clues to Who Dun IT.  Frequently, though, it gets very frustrating to have the picture freeze or scramble up.  Often the audio gets out of synch with the video.  Terrible!  We surely wanted to go ahead and order the second seasons, but now -- about 3/4 the way through, I think we'll just skip on buying these cheap double sided DVD's
 I, too, found this DVD a bit boring.  The instruction for each pose took forever, even in the challenging workouts.  While in-depth explanation is useful for beginner or even intermediate practices, I didn't feel it was necessary for the challenging sequence.  Also, I did not feel as if there was any flow to this DVD. 
 Terrible voice, depressing indoor scenery, incredibly disjointed routines. Don't bother with this one! Save your money
 But for me at least, I found it rather hard to root for Mel Gibson's character, given the fact that he was a major, major drug dealer.  When the movie ended with him more or less riding off into the sunset with Michelle Pfeiffer and all the loot, I didn't find myself feeling exactly uplifted by it.  Given the fact that the movie bent over backwards to depict Gibson as a loving father, a phenomenally successful businessman, and a super-stud, one might fairly say that this movie glamorizes drug-dealing
 Michael Moore can be really funny at times, but most people should not take this goofball too seriously.  About half way through 'The Big One', I turned it off because I did not find it the least bit funny and I didn't know where Moore was going.  What is the point of putting in a pointless sequence where he is talking to the guitar player of Cheap Trick?  This is not one of his better films
 Paul Newman plays a burned-out private eye and Gene Hackman and Susan Sarandon are a movie-star couple with a long-buried dark secret.  Too implausible, too many overdrawn secondary characters.  A rental at best
 Don't bother wasting your time with this movie, instead read the book.  The book was one of the best I have ever read, the movie left me wanting.  I rented the movie after reading the book and never made it all the way through.  So maybe I am being unfair since I did not watch the whole movie, but honestly I couldn't, it just didn't do the story justice
 This movie is the most boring, uninteresting piece of garbage I have everwasted my money on. The plot is stupid, the characters are dull and insipid, and the whole movie leaves you asking, as the credits run, "So What?" Don't waste your money!
 I myself am a huge Buffy/Angel fan,  I had read the reviews here and I thought it was worth a shot seeing it.  Well The script was terrible,  the story even worse,  direction - don't get me started.   One reviewer said it,  it was like they didn't know whose point of view to choose.  The soundtrack was awful.  The ending was sooo stupid.  did anyone else see the people at the docks leaning against the rail as three people are shot in front of them...  they just keep standing there.  Like nothing is happening.  I really haven't seen a movie this bad in... well...  EVER!!  Oh and Alyson Hannigan's acting was way better in My stepmother is an alien. I think she was about 13 in that role.  Don't get me wrong she's a extremely talented actress...  I blame it on the script.I myself am a huge Buffy/Angel fan,  I had read the reviews here and I thought it was worth a shot seeing it.  Well The script was terrible,  the story even worse,  direction - don't get me started.   One reviewer said it,  it was like they didn't know whose point of view to choose.  The soundtrack was awful.  The ending was sooo stupid.  did anyone else see the people at the docks leaning against the rail as three people are shot in front of them...  they just keep standing there.  Like nothing is happening.  I really haven't seen a movie this bad in... well...  EVER!!  Oh and Alyson Hannigan's acting was way better in My stepmother is an alien. I think she was about 13 in that role.  Don't get me wrong she's a extremely talented actress...  I blame it on the script.rent it,  don't buy it.  You'll be embarassed to own it.  I am
 If you are willing to risk to watch this movie, just a warning: it's really a turkey, one of the BIG ones..
 I thought the movie was alright, but I am sorry that I bought it.  I would rather have just rented it.  It seems like half of the movie is out of focus, I am sure it is on purpose but I just don't get it.  There are a few erotic scenes but they are not worth the price
 This movie was a bit lame for me.  Robin Williams relied on his same old schtick for the whole movie, and the supporting cast wasn't much better, but the worst thing about this movie is that nearly the whole thing is shot in front of a green screen.  Even if this had been a good movie, the green screen was very distracting.  I would have given it 3 stars without all of the green screen stuff
 I was so disappointed with this video. I thought it would contain more than it did, but it truly is the most basic of introductions and does not cover much at all.I had one ashtanga yoga lesson and expected this video to at least cover what the lesson did, but it fell far short.This only contains two very basic sequences - surya namaskara A & B, it doesn't even go into the full series and I do not think it gives a very good representation of what ashtanga is about. There is no instruction in standing or sitting poses at all! The two sequences are introductory sequences that lead into the poses, but this video just stops abruptly at that point... I found ashtanga to be a wonderful blend of relaxing yoga that also gives a full body workout. As soon as I did it, I felt that I had found the perfect exercise and bought this video as a way to practice at home.I ended up giving this video away after watching it twice as it does not contain enough information for the beginner to be inspired or even motivated to study ashtanga further
 If you have bothered to read all the other reviews here, i think you will get the point, but still unsure ?If you have bothered to read all the other reviews here, i think you will get the point, but still unsure ?Think of KNIGHTRIDER from the 70`s ( i`m sure EDI used the same voice !! ) then add some THUNDERBIRD puppets ( thats a bit mean, at least they had personality ) then add a dash of C.G.I. on a budget, oh and not forgetting that the whole script was written by a seven year old! Think of KNIGHTRIDER from the 70`s ( i`m sure EDI used the same voice !! ) then add some THUNDERBIRD puppets ( thats a bit mean, at least they had personality ) then add a dash of C.G.I. on a budget, oh and not forgetting that the whole script was written by a seven year old! A bit scathing you may feel - but deservedly so i`m afraid. A bit scathing you may feel - but deservedly so i`m afraid. Seriously, watch some paint dry for a couple of hours, at least the fumes will give you some sort of a buzz.
 the movie is good except this version has been editted and cut out sceens, very disapointtin
 of all the movies i have seen in this catergory this movie was dissapointing to me. poor acting and hard to understand dialoge.  would get a refund if you were in australia. but it is too much hassle to poste back overseas. and it could get lost in the mail.debr
 This is a fantasy film about a family of witches in modern times. The Owens girls are hereditary witches, any man who loves one is doomed to an early death. There is a scene where a woman asks for a love potion, this requires the sacrifice of a dove. Two little girls watch. Years later they're grown up. One leaves to live with her boyfriend. But the curse returns and a boyfriend is run over by a truck (never stand in the middle of a road). We see scenes where the neighbor kids yell "witch", as if to symbolize something.This is a fantasy film about a family of witches in modern times. The Owens girls are hereditary witches, any man who loves one is doomed to an early death. There is a scene where a woman asks for a love potion, this requires the sacrifice of a dove. Two little girls watch. Years later they're grown up. One leaves to live with her boyfriend. But the curse returns and a boyfriend is run over by a truck (never stand in the middle of a road). We see scenes where the neighbor kids yell "witch", as if to symbolize something.Sally goes when Jillian calls her; she has a problem with her boyfriend. But Sally uses a "magic potion" to eliminate the problem. Now Jillian wants to undo what was done. [The film began to lose me now, it wasn't funny.] The spell goes awry, they bury their mistake. Then there is a scene where the ladies are all giggles. Later an investigator comes around looking for Jimmy. [The story drags again.] More scenes follow; they are not funny or scary or even entertaining. But a scene in the attic will wake you even if you're snoozing! They call some friends over to cast a spell to drive a demon out of Jillian. It seems to work, even if they don't use the standard issue witches broom. There is a sort of happy ending.Sally goes when Jillian calls her; she has a problem with her boyfriend. But Sally uses a "magic potion" to eliminate the problem. Now Jillian wants to undo what was done. [The film began to lose me now, it wasn't funny.] The spell goes awry, they bury their mistake. Then there is a scene where the ladies are all giggles. Later an investigator comes around looking for Jimmy. [The story drags again.] More scenes follow; they are not funny or scary or even entertaining. But a scene in the attic will wake you even if you're snoozing! They call some friends over to cast a spell to drive a demon out of Jillian. It seems to work, even if they don't use the standard issue witches broom. There is a sort of happy ending.Sandra and Nicole are good actresses, but they can't cast a spell to improve the script of one of the worst movies I've ever seen. "Bell, Book, and Candle" is a funnier film, "Blair Witch" is a scarier film. This falls between the cracks.
 OK, the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long? Jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story.  The native were scary. The quiet scenes with Kong were welcome additions, they actually made him into a character...something that can't be said for any of the human characters.OK, the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long? Jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and adds very little to the story.  The native were scary. The quiet scenes with Kong were welcome additions, they actually made him into a character...something that can't be said for any of the human characters.The insect scenes are ridiculous!! The dinosaur stampede was idiotic. Anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie. Now Jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with?!?The insect scenes are ridiculous!! The dinosaur stampede was idiotic. Anything with the young cabin boy almost seemed like it was clipped out of another movie. Now Jackson is adding 38 munutes to a movie that is grossly over padded to begin with?!?Peter Jackson is a hack director that has no idea how to tell a story efficiently.Remind me to skip his next 15 3 hour long epics
 After I read Erik Larson's wonderful book "The Devil in the White City" I was fascinated by the brief glimpses at Holmes' story. But this documentary was a phenomenal disappointment. The production is amateurish at best, complete with needlessly corny reenactments worthy of "Mondo Carne." With such a wealth of fascinating information available (court transcripts, etc) do we really need filler footage of some faceless actress wandering down dark hallways acting frightened? This man killed countless people and yet the producers of this documentary thought so little of their audience that they hired a narrator who sounds as if he is the chief ride operator of the Haunted Mansion at Disneyland. Truly disappointing. Perhaps someone will make an interesting documentary of Holmes. This most certainly isn't it
 This movie was a weak effort by Capra, who directed it, and the star, Gary Cooper. It's a good story, just poorly directed (Capra can't hit a home run every time). I found the acting very wooden and the movie seemed to just drag on and on. And no extra features on the dvd, at least none to speak of
 This is my number one most overrated movie of all time.  We saw it at a pretensious artsy theater, along with an assortment of ex-hippies and wooly haired intellectuals.  They all cheered, of course, when the young girl beats the boys at finding the prize in the water, then becomes the chief.  The truth is that every single scene is utterly predictable, given the politically correct theme.  The truth is that old people are not bad just because they love their culture.  The truth is that tradition is not inherently evil.  The truth is that girls are no better or worse than boys.  Basically, if you hate men, this is the flick for you.  But it is not good.  It is not creative.  There are no surprises.  There is just nothing there.  As I edit this, it's no surprise to find so few people liked this review.  There are still plenty of hippies and politically correct so-and-so's out there
 HELLO?????HELLO?????Whoever mastered this great film RUINED it by FORGETTING or REFUSING to provide English subtitles for the Japanese and Italian characters.  How can such a thing happen?  If you find the VHS buy it.  Maybe some day someone will make the corrections.  Until then, AVOID this DVD
 This disc is like a Whitman's candy sampler:  It has a lot of different things... but a lot of the things you don't really want.  The film covers kids, high schoolers, college ball and college recruiting/pay controversies, ABA, NBA through all its decades, Harlem Globetrotters, the street game and inner-city stars, country boys, Indiana basketball, retired old timers hanging in Florida, current stars, marketing (are there ANY hoop videos that don't talk about sneaker brands), public relations, fireworks, cheerleaders, guys on trampolines, women's basketball..... Whew.  None of these subjects is studied in depth.  If you've followed basketball for a while, you know and have seen most of this.  The subject sampling seems to jump all over the place, so it would be hard to hit chapters to see just what you want.  I'd rather see a DVD star profile (Jordon, Iverson) or &quot;NBA at 50&quot; or Spike Lee's movie, or &quot;Hoop Dreams,&quot; etc.  1 Love is such a sampler it feels like the disc should come free with the purchase of a Wilson basketball.  Or it seems like something you'd see on Sunday TV, after most people have turned off their sets when the real game ends.  In short, &quot;1 Love&quot; is a decent sampling, but nothing to sink your teeth into
 Controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors, thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating. But this film showed two desperate, middle-aged strangers (with all their flaws abundantly clear) meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters. The fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the "desperate", tawdry, pathetic feel of their relationship. Naturally, one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner, one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters: sooner or later, anonymity is not good enough anymore.
 Comedy comes in many forms--everything from crude slapstick to subtle satire--and in "Just Friends" there is an uneasy fusion of two classic movie types.  First, the movie wants to be a gross-out comedy.  The sight gags are plentiful, the physical comedy abundant and often cruel, and the dialogue absurdly unrealistic.  However, the movie also wants to be taken seriously as a typical romantic comedy--the variation where two people are meant to be together but various situations have kept them apart.  These elements have been combined successfully in the past--"There's Something About Mary" jumps right to mind.  Here, we get something far less successful.Comedy comes in many forms--everything from crude slapstick to subtle satire--and in "Just Friends" there is an uneasy fusion of two classic movie types.  First, the movie wants to be a gross-out comedy.  The sight gags are plentiful, the physical comedy abundant and often cruel, and the dialogue absurdly unrealistic.  However, the movie also wants to be taken seriously as a typical romantic comedy--the variation where two people are meant to be together but various situations have kept them apart.  These elements have been combined successfully in the past--"There's Something About Mary" jumps right to mind.  Here, we get something far less successful.First, the good news.  There are legitimate laughs to be had in "Just Friends" and that was a pleasant surprise.  If you don't care about character development and just want inane humor, you could do worse than this movie.  And if the sight of Ryan Reynolds in a fat suit sounds like the height of hilarity to you--check this out right away.First, the good news.  There are legitimate laughs to be had in "Just Friends" and that was a pleasant surprise.  If you don't care about character development and just want inane humor, you could do worse than this movie.  And if the sight of Ryan Reynolds in a fat suit sounds like the height of hilarity to you--check this out right away.Sadly, it's the romantic comedy angle that fails to ignite.  There is nothing real at stake here to care about--and the blame for this falls squarely on Reynolds' character (I'll use the word character lightly here).  Reynolds may be one of our greatest sitcom actors working--the problem, however, is that he's not in sitcoms anymore.  He's making movies, unfortunately--and his hamming up to the camera always seem to take the place of a real character.  Here, he plays a celebrity insider--a successful, trendy record executive.  And yet, he's not believable as trendy, successful or professional.  His character vacillates between being the a villain and a hero, you never know or understand him--he just does whatever is necessary to set up the next gag.Sadly, it's the romantic comedy angle that fails to ignite.  There is nothing real at stake here to care about--and the blame for this falls squarely on Reynolds' character (I'll use the word character lightly here).  Reynolds may be one of our greatest sitcom actors working--the problem, however, is that he's not in sitcoms anymore.  He's making movies, unfortunately--and his hamming up to the camera always seem to take the place of a real character.  Here, he plays a celebrity insider--a successful, trendy record executive.  And yet, he's not believable as trendy, successful or professional.  His character vacillates between being the a villain and a hero, you never know or understand him--he just does whatever is necessary to set up the next gag.It's too bad, really, because Amy Smart--as his love interest--IS playing a character.  I'm not usually a fan, but here she does nicely and the movie lets her down.  But it's Anna Faris that I'm going to single out for the most inspired performance.  The funniest bits to me revolve around her character--a shallow, insane pop star.  Sure, it's an easy target--but she throws herself into the role with such hilarious, over-the-top gusto that she is easily a cast standout.It's too bad, really, because Amy Smart--as his love interest--IS playing a character.  I'm not usually a fan, but here she does nicely and the movie lets her down.  But it's Anna Faris that I'm going to single out for the most inspired performance.  The funniest bits to me revolve around her character--a shallow, insane pop star.  Sure, it's an easy target--but she throws herself into the role with such hilarious, over-the-top gusto that she is easily a cast standout.Again, some humor--no emotion.  If you don't expect much from your comedy, you might just like this.  The fatal flaw for me is that I felt this film wanted me to care about the central relationship, but didn't do anything to make it REAL.
 I saw this movie in a trip and it is one of the worst movies I have seen during the last two years. Stupid, stupid and stupid. Ryan Reynolds becomes annoying.I saw this movie in a trip and it is one of the worst movies I have seen during the last two years. Stupid, stupid and stupid. Ryan Reynolds becomes annoying.If you have brain, never watch this movi
 In spite of the thin plot line and the volumptous semi naked women, the comedian Bernie Mac stole this picture!  He played his part of the low life, club owning, hustler with perfect timing and high humor.  He made this movie enjoyable to watch
 I bought this dvd after reading all the great reviews and I was VERY disappointed. First off, it is outdated and that is annoying with the annoying music- but the background exercisers really bug me too. Not only that, the moves are strange. She does a lot of shoulder work moving back and forth with her feet to the beat of the cheesy music. I found my neck hurt A LOT after that. The leg section would be good if there was another way to position yourself. The ab section too was so old school, I was hoping to find some new exercises. I love Karen Voight but this dvd was definately the worst I have yet to purchase of hers. All the other Karen Voight I own I absolutely love
 I think this film wants to make you vomit. I don't know about you, but that is not a quality I am looking for in my films. Being scared is fine; being in suspense is great, vomiting is not. I really think that is what this film was going for. It has some pretty disgusting moments. While I was watching it I kept feeling this retching feeling at the back of my throat during certain scenes. In fact, I am feeling it now as I write this review and think about the movie.I think this film wants to make you vomit. I don't know about you, but that is not a quality I am looking for in my films. Being scared is fine; being in suspense is great, vomiting is not. I really think that is what this film was going for. It has some pretty disgusting moments. While I was watching it I kept feeling this retching feeling at the back of my throat during certain scenes. In fact, I am feeling it now as I write this review and think about the movie.The story runs like this: A meteor falls to earth. It has an alien life in it which shoots into people and uses them as an incubation device. This of course means then when the aliens decide to hatch out of incubation...well its not a pretty picture as you may imagine. In the meantime the people who have aliens incubating inside them turn into rotting-corpse looking creatures, or in the case of the head alien, just a big pile of disgustingness.The story runs like this: A meteor falls to earth. It has an alien life in it which shoots into people and uses them as an incubation device. This of course means then when the aliens decide to hatch out of incubation...well its not a pretty picture as you may imagine. In the meantime the people who have aliens incubating inside them turn into rotting-corpse looking creatures, or in the case of the head alien, just a big pile of disgustingness.The idea itself isn't a bad one, and its executed in a relatively skillful way. In fact, the idea is much more original than many other horror movies. But as I said before, it's just too disgusting to be really enjoyable. This movie was confused as to whether it wanted to be a comedy or a horror and while it was trying to figure that out it failed in both categories
 I received this DVD from my brother who is possibly a bigger Kevin Smith fan than I am. I thought the fact that he was  giving away his copy was pretty odd at the time until I watched the DVD myself. I received this DVD from my brother who is possibly a bigger Kevin Smith fan than I am. I thought the fact that he was  giving away his copy was pretty odd at the time until I watched the DVD myself. The Degrassi episodes are amazingly boring and Jay and Silent Bob's toned-down appearances don't help much. I really liked the original Degrassi series so I was disappointed by this DVD. The Degrassi episodes are amazingly boring and Jay and Silent Bob's toned-down appearances don't help much. I really liked the original Degrassi series so I was disappointed by this DVD. There are some funny moments in the "Extras" section of the DVD but I would still only recommend this as a "rent" or something to buy used if you are a diehard fan.   There are some funny moments in the "Extras" section of the DVD but I would still only recommend this as a "rent" or something to buy used if you are a diehard fan.   
 The video in this DVD looks as though it was put through a simple computer program that decoded it for going on to a DVD disc. A standard 4.7GB disc, by the way; that's what you'll get when you buy this.The video in this DVD looks as though it was put through a simple computer program that decoded it for going on to a DVD disc. A standard 4.7GB disc, by the way; that's what you'll get when you buy this.I say this because I've used those programs before and know how they alter the video. This is how they alter it, and how it looks on this USA release of the DVD:I say this because I've used those programs before and know how they alter the video. This is how they alter it, and how it looks on this USA release of the DVD:Skin color is too red. Dark (shadowed) areas are greenish. White/beige is pinkish. Grey is bluish. White has blue on it. The colors are just totally messed up.Skin color is too red. Dark (shadowed) areas are greenish. White/beige is pinkish. Grey is bluish. White has blue on it. The colors are just totally messed up.Evidence of grey being blue = look at Robert Duvall's uniform (you'll see him 3 minutes into the movie). The german uniform is a semi-light grey. It is too dark and filled with blue.Evidence of grey being blue = look at Robert Duvall's uniform (you'll see him 3 minutes into the movie). The german uniform is a semi-light grey. It is too dark and filled with blue.Then look behind him at the wall. A lovely dark shadow of green.Then look behind him at the wall. A lovely dark shadow of green.Evidence of white/beige being pinkish, when Robert Duvall walks into that office, look at the walls. They should be a kind of white/beige color but they are not a shade of white at all, they are pinkish.Evidence of white/beige being pinkish, when Robert Duvall walks into that office, look at the walls. They should be a kind of white/beige color but they are not a shade of white at all, they are pinkish.As he walks into the office to sit down, you see curtains on the wall in the office. They are supposed to be white, but they're filled with blue.As he walks into the office to sit down, you see curtains on the wall in the office. They are supposed to be white, but they're filled with blue.At 48 minutes into the movie, you see Donald Sutherland sitting in the grass with the character Molly. His suit is supposed to be black. Look at it. It's purple. That is not black.At 48 minutes into the movie, you see Donald Sutherland sitting in the grass with the character Molly. His suit is supposed to be black. Look at it. It's purple. That is not black.On top of all that, the movie is too dark. There should have been a brightness/contrast adjustment. If you pay attention to dark areas in the movie, such as fixtures around a room or an office, most times, they are pitch black and indistinguished. For example, look at desk drawers, telephones, vases, black hair, black jackets..even Robert Duvall's eye patch. Not much shading, usually pitch black.On top of all that, the movie is too dark. There should have been a brightness/contrast adjustment. If you pay attention to dark areas in the movie, such as fixtures around a room or an office, most times, they are pitch black and indistinguished. For example, look at desk drawers, telephones, vases, black hair, black jackets..even Robert Duvall's eye patch. Not much shading, usually pitch black.I've read that this movie apparently was not remastered for the North American release.I've read that this movie apparently was not remastered for the North American release.I plan to get the Region 2 (Europe) release. I'd rather do without watching it on my TV and watch it on my computer in better, "proper" quality.I plan to get the Region 2 (Europe) release. I'd rather do without watching it on my TV and watch it on my computer in better, "proper" quality.'Nuff said
 We were disappointed in this DVD and thought it was a waste of money. We did not learn anything new.   They went through things quickly, everything was so basic, things that are mainly common sense.  I felt this was a big huge waste of money, and is now in the trash
 This newborn care DVD is strictly for caring for a newborn infant, in other words, what you learn here won't apply after the first 3 or 4 weeks.  My biggest beef with this DVD is that it totally just skims over all the basics, such as how to breastfeed properly, how to bottlefeed properly, how to swaddle properly, how to calm a baby properly, etc.  All the stuff you want to know about looking after a newborn, each is given about 5 seconds of screen time.  Instead, the bulk of the program is wasted on things like "pre-birth preparation," which interestingly appears toward the end of the program, and how the mother should take care of herself.  These are important things to know, but not for a "ultimate baby care DVD."This newborn care DVD is strictly for caring for a newborn infant, in other words, what you learn here won't apply after the first 3 or 4 weeks.  My biggest beef with this DVD is that it totally just skims over all the basics, such as how to breastfeed properly, how to bottlefeed properly, how to swaddle properly, how to calm a baby properly, etc.  All the stuff you want to know about looking after a newborn, each is given about 5 seconds of screen time.  Instead, the bulk of the program is wasted on things like "pre-birth preparation," which interestingly appears toward the end of the program, and how the mother should take care of herself.  These are important things to know, but not for a "ultimate baby care DVD."The DVD packaging is also very misleading.  It says "over an hour of hints"... but that includes 1 minute of copyright warning and another 30 seconds of "you should always consult your doctor" warning, plus a long end-of-program credit.  The actual content is about 55 minutes.The DVD packaging is also very misleading.  It says "over an hour of hints"... but that includes 1 minute of copyright warning and another 30 seconds of "you should always consult your doctor" warning, plus a long end-of-program credit.  The actual content is about 55 minutes.I've seen this DVD and the "ABC of Newborn Baby Care" DVD and even though the latter is not great, it's better because it goes through the important topics step-by-step, and the nurse/midwife demonstrates the techniques clearly.  Between the two DVDs, I definitely recommend the latter.I've seen this DVD and the "ABC of Newborn Baby Care" DVD and even though the latter is not great, it's better because it goes through the important topics step-by-step, and the nurse/midwife demonstrates the techniques clearly.  Between the two DVDs, I definitely recommend the latter.BTW, you can likely find this at your local library.  It's also available from Netflix.  It's just not worth the price of the DVD, not even 1/10 of the price
 Our daughter has weak muscles and I wanted some workout videos we could do as a family to supplement her physical therapy. I saw all the good reviews and thought this would work for us especially since our girls love bears.  NOT!  It did not keep their attention and as adults the movie was a tad annoying to us.   
     When I was looking for a fitness DVD for me and my two oldest children (girls, ages 3 1/2 and 2) to do together, I was impressed with the reviews of this DVD and it sounded intriguing.  Though I wasn't really willing to shell out 16 bucks quite yet, so we rented it from Netflixs to try it out first.      When I was looking for a fitness DVD for me and my two oldest children (girls, ages 3 1/2 and 2) to do together, I was impressed with the reviews of this DVD and it sounded intriguing.  Though I wasn't really willing to shell out 16 bucks quite yet, so we rented it from Netflixs to try it out first.      As adults my husband and I were really turned off by the "animated" bear, though our girls liked him.  Another thing that I wasn't really impressed with was the camera was at times only focusing on Kristi Dear's face or the animated bear and it was hard for me and our girls to follow exactly what moves she was doing when.  We had to run through the DVD a second time to really get the routine.  The total time of the DVD is 30 minutes, but only about 20-22 minutes of that is actual warm-up or workout time.  The rest is filler about why we need to exercise and eat healthy foods and snacks, which is fine to watch for the first time or two, but then I found myself fast forwarding through it to get to the workout sections.  Which if I had to do that every single time I watched it with my girls, I would get annoyed really fast.  My husband really did not think it was worth 16 dollars, he'd be willing to spend maybe 5-7 dollars on it, but no more.    As adults my husband and I were really turned off by the "animated" bear, though our girls liked him.  Another thing that I wasn't really impressed with was the camera was at times only focusing on Kristi Dear's face or the animated bear and it was hard for me and our girls to follow exactly what moves she was doing when.  We had to run through the DVD a second time to really get the routine.  The total time of the DVD is 30 minutes, but only about 20-22 minutes of that is actual warm-up or workout time.  The rest is filler about why we need to exercise and eat healthy foods and snacks, which is fine to watch for the first time or two, but then I found myself fast forwarding through it to get to the workout sections.  Which if I had to do that every single time I watched it with my girls, I would get annoyed really fast.  My husband really did not think it was worth 16 dollars, he'd be willing to spend maybe 5-7 dollars on it, but no more.    I gave the DVD 2 stars because Kristi Dear really does a good job of communicating with kids, has a pleasant voice, and demonstrates easy moves and routines for kids to do.  I highly recommend that you rent this first to see what you really think about it.
 The Hidden Fortress is classic Kurosawa, in every way--except for the wild overacting, inane characterizations and lamefooted humor of the peasant pair who form a central element of the film.  Had the peasants been just as grubby but more subdued, or given comic material with more edge, skewering the upper classes as well as themselves, or been less in the focus and operated far in the background, this wouldn't have been a problem.  But instead we're offered a sort of Dumb & Dumber, Beavis & Butthead of Japan, 50 years ago.  (And yes, I know that is anachronistic, but it's all too true.)  "Stupidity is funny" wears thin after a short while, and the comic antics are both repetitive and all too easy to forecast.  Oh, here comes a rocky upwards incline: let's watch the pair pull one another down with grotesque facial expressions as they try to scramble up, etc.The Hidden Fortress is classic Kurosawa, in every way--except for the wild overacting, inane characterizations and lamefooted humor of the peasant pair who form a central element of the film.  Had the peasants been just as grubby but more subdued, or given comic material with more edge, skewering the upper classes as well as themselves, or been less in the focus and operated far in the background, this wouldn't have been a problem.  But instead we're offered a sort of Dumb & Dumber, Beavis & Butthead of Japan, 50 years ago.  (And yes, I know that is anachronistic, but it's all too true.)  "Stupidity is funny" wears thin after a short while, and the comic antics are both repetitive and all too easy to forecast.  Oh, here comes a rocky upwards incline: let's watch the pair pull one another down with grotesque facial expressions as they try to scramble up, etc.Which is all too bad, because while the rest of the film has its overblown heroics, its far from bad.  The interactions between cast members has both tension and grit, while the outdoor settings mark a difference from the usual run of Japanese period films (though Kurosawa addicts like myself will well recall what he could do in Roshomon).  Mifune is over the top but splendid, and the direction has energy and focus.Which is all too bad, because while the rest of the film has its overblown heroics, its far from bad.  The interactions between cast members has both tension and grit, while the outdoor settings mark a difference from the usual run of Japanese period films (though Kurosawa addicts like myself will well recall what he could do in Roshomon).  Mifune is over the top but splendid, and the direction has energy and focus.I've seen this film twice in 25 years; most recently, just last night, again.  Unfortunately, my initial impressions were only confirmed--and I wish they weren't
 It is a pity that a wonderful picture is demerited by Roger Moore' performance. Her's good for a dandy, in the continent, but in this film he is not convincing at all. He is verry debonnaire, like he is just sipping tea in Great Britain.Thus, the film becomes stiff and you don't believe it. The other actors simply try to do something, like a farce. It is a pity to see the great Richard Burton in such role.Eugenia Lizald
 as usual, michael moore undercuts himself by refusing to accept that a 45 minute documentary should not run two hours. theres alot of great stuff here (the interview w marilyn manson, the interview w trey parker, &c), but too often moore inserts himself into a story others should be telling, no more so than in the vile segment where he goes to visit charlton heston. i agree with many, nay most of moores politics -- but hes a rotten filmmaker with some great ideas but awful execution.
 This stability ball workout is definitely a more advanced routine and is not for beginners.  This was the first stability ball DVD that I purchased and became quickly frustrated with the routine due to the level.  If you are a beginner, I would recommend Leslie Sansone's You can do Stability Ball training.  If you are a beginner or more advanced, I would recommend Denise Austin's Shrink the Female Fat Zone or the QuickFix Stability Ball training.  My all time favorite DVD for the stability ball is Denise Austin.  This is by far my least favorite.
 This workout was very hard for me to get into; I became very bored by it.  The moves were challenging but the routine was blah.  If you are a beginner, this is not for you.  You are better off purchasing "Quick Fix Stability Ball Workout" no matter what your level of fitness. 
 Boring and like most every other new horror movie. Lame mask,I think the awful movie Cut used this mask also,who cares I suppose. This goes with all the other pathetic new era horror movies(Scream,I Know What You Did,Valentine,Urban Legend,Cut etc..) so bottom line don't waste your time,stick with 80's Slashers
   I bought this DVD becuase I really wanted to learn the dance moves in "You Got Served" and was extremely disappointed.  The only routines they teach you are from the people who lost the dance battles in the movie and why you would want to learn those, I don't know.  The freestlye section at the end is fun to watch, but this is neither a good workout nor a good hip hop dance video
 What movie was every one else watching?  Certainly not this one.  Very, very, slow.  Disjointed story line.  I hate to be a bore but this was boring.  Enjoy
 The first Butterfly Effect is one of my all-time favorite movies. With that in mind, I eagerly started watching BE2. Within the first 5 minutes it became clear that I was going to have to stretch the truth in order to claim this was a good movie. But after finishing it, it was clear that I would have to flat-out lie to do that.The first Butterfly Effect is one of my all-time favorite movies. With that in mind, I eagerly started watching BE2. Within the first 5 minutes it became clear that I was going to have to stretch the truth in order to claim this was a good movie. But after finishing it, it was clear that I would have to flat-out lie to do that.There is one and only one redeeming factor in this movie: Erica Durance naked. But it's too softcore, short, and pointless to really be worth anything.There is one and only one redeeming factor in this movie: Erica Durance naked. But it's too softcore, short, and pointless to really be worth anything.The writing is terrible. The story is lifted directly from the original, only without any semblance of personal feeling or emotion. It manages to be both predictable and borderline nonsensical, a feat unparelleled in modern film. The protagonist comes off as an idiotic, self-concerned, petty jerk that even jerks would have a hard time identifying with. The acting is...barely passable, for the most part, but the story's protagonist is just plain bad at expressing all the things this character needs to express.The writing is terrible. The story is lifted directly from the original, only without any semblance of personal feeling or emotion. It manages to be both predictable and borderline nonsensical, a feat unparelleled in modern film. The protagonist comes off as an idiotic, self-concerned, petty jerk that even jerks would have a hard time identifying with. The acting is...barely passable, for the most part, but the story's protagonist is just plain bad at expressing all the things this character needs to express.The first one was great because you never knew exactly what to expect - how long would he be able to keep doing this? Would this one be the last? In the sequel, this is gone, but without any extra twists or added value to keep it interesting.The first one was great because you never knew exactly what to expect - how long would he be able to keep doing this? Would this one be the last? In the sequel, this is gone, but without any extra twists or added value to keep it interesting.If you have any fond memories of the first one, avoid this turd
 Nick Lachey and Jessica Simpson have a few good moments in the Nick and Jessica Variety Hour. But the show looks too '70s in its premise, too Donny and Marie-ish in some parts and Sonny and Cher-in some others.  Lachey's performance with Babyface is nice. How come Babyface didn't produce Nick's entire solo album instead of the batch of people Nick went to that caused Soul-O to flop?  He would have given him some smooth stuff to sing to. But having Mr. T and Johnny Bench and Kenny Rogers makes the show look, sadly, too 1983-ish. How come they couldn't get somebody current to perform on it, say Maroon 5 or Kanye West, who were both hot last April? They wanted to bring back the variety show format, but it's very hard to do it in an Internet age.  And Jessica isn't all that good on this show. I'd rather hear her music and albums instead. They need to bring new things to the format if they're going to make another show. For now, Lachey and Simpson would be better off doing their solo albums than wasteful junk like this!
 I love love love this movie, but you have to make sure you get the VHS version (where the VHS cover is the cast riding in the car.) Lucky for me, this is the one I own. By mistake, I purchased the "wrong" version for a friend and we sat down to watch it together. The music in the DVD version is TERRIBLE compared to the original (don't even get me started on the c.d. soundtrack.) Whoever made the blunder of re-doing this for DVD re-release needs to be fired
 It is obvious the makers of this film were trying to create some kind of action-comedy hybrid, however it just doesn't work. The action scenes seem tacked-on and the gags just don't work. 
 Instructions: rent Steven Seagall's latest action movie knuckle-fest "Exit Wounds". Insert in DVD player; watch first 15 minutes of movie, remove from DVD player. Return to video store. Instructions: rent Steven Seagall's latest action movie knuckle-fest "Exit Wounds". Insert in DVD player; watch first 15 minutes of movie, remove from DVD player. Return to video store. Instructions: rent Steven Seagall's latest action movie knuckle-fest "Exit Wounds". Insert in DVD player; watch first 15 minutes of movie, remove from DVD player. Return to video store. If you follow those instructions to the letter, you'll have fun with "Exit Wounds", which features one of the best opening sequences of any action movie in recent memory (Seagall attempts to thwart a brash, brazen assassination attempt). If you follow those instructions to the letter, you'll have fun with "Exit Wounds", which features one of the best opening sequences of any action movie in recent memory (Seagall attempts to thwart a brash, brazen assassination attempt). There's also a great scene---strike that, a Priceless Scene: hipster uber-villain (played convincingly by rapper DMX) and a henchman go on a shopping spree in an exotic car lot (ultimately settling on a Lamborghini Murcielago, paid for in cash out of a golf bag).There's also a great scene---strike that, a Priceless Scene: hipster uber-villain (played convincingly by rapper DMX) and a henchman go on a shopping spree in an exotic car lot (ultimately settling on a Lamborghini Murcielago, paid for in cash out of a golf bag).The scene is dope, def, and cool---it's all GOOD, Dawgz!----,in a New Jack City way. And that's a shame, really: it's so cool it just makes you grind your teeth as you begin, over the course of two hours, to realize that the rest of the movie just can't hold a candle to its opening minutes. The scene is dope, def, and cool---it's all GOOD, Dawgz!----,in a New Jack City way. And that's a shame, really: it's so cool it just makes you grind your teeth as you begin, over the course of two hours, to realize that the rest of the movie just can't hold a candle to its opening minutes. An action movie should be exciting; after Seagall foils a neatly organized assassination attempt on the U.S. Vice President (a brilliant little sequence which merits one star on its own, and from which 95% of the trailer material was taken), "Exit Wounds" is not exciting. An action movie should be exciting; after Seagall foils a neatly organized assassination attempt on the U.S. Vice President (a brilliant little sequence which merits one star on its own, and from which 95% of the trailer material was taken), "Exit Wounds" is not exciting. It's stale. It's rehashed. Honestly, were it not for DMX, the few riffs from the movie's excellent rap soundtrack, and the equipment, I would have thought I was watching an eighties Seagall flick. And that's surprising, given that the movie is helmed by "Romeo Must Die" director Andrzej Bartkowiak, who also did the cinematography for Speed, Lethal Weapon 4, and Devil's Advocate. It's stale. It's rehashed. Honestly, were it not for DMX, the few riffs from the movie's excellent rap soundtrack, and the equipment, I would have thought I was watching an eighties Seagall flick. And that's surprising, given that the movie is helmed by "Romeo Must Die" director Andrzej Bartkowiak, who also did the cinematography for Speed, Lethal Weapon 4, and Devil's Advocate. The plot, what there is of it, deals with police corruption, and features a major twist near the end that takes the punch out of the story and doesn't make any sense---but by that time you've stopped caring. You've seen all of this before---done better.The plot, what there is of it, deals with police corruption, and features a major twist near the end that takes the punch out of the story and doesn't make any sense---but by that time you've stopped caring. You've seen all of this before---done better.Worst of all, Seagall is just too old to be a credible action hero; he's reached that wheezing, shortness of breath stage that afflicted Roger Moore back in "View to a Kill"---except Seagall doesn't have the acting chops that Moore was able to fall back on. Tom Arnold is thrown in for laughs, but the laughs are so feeble, and the jokes so stale, that you're laughing *at* Arnold and Seagall---not with them. Worst of all, Seagall is just too old to be a credible action hero; he's reached that wheezing, shortness of breath stage that afflicted Roger Moore back in "View to a Kill"---except Seagall doesn't have the acting chops that Moore was able to fall back on. Tom Arnold is thrown in for laughs, but the laughs are so feeble, and the jokes so stale, that you're laughing *at* Arnold and Seagall---not with them. Midway through "Exit Wounds" I was fighting to stay awake, and that's a shame, given that the first 15 minutes of the movie contained more sheer, hectic energy than any movie I've seen since "Face/Off". Midway through "Exit Wounds" I was fighting to stay awake, and that's a shame, given that the first 15 minutes of the movie contained more sheer, hectic energy than any movie I've seen since "Face/Off". Rent the DVD for that opener if you dare, but if you stay any longer you'll see it's true: Old Action Heroes never die, they just fade away.Rent the DVD for that opener if you dare, but if you stay any longer you'll see it's true: Old Action Heroes never die, they just fade away.JS
 I bought this DVD after watching Jessica Simpson's latest music video "These boots are made for walkin'". I thought her Reality Tour Live will have some catchy songs and video but was very disappointed. May be OK for those who just want to watch Jessica sing
 Jessica Simpson is a talentless bimbo.  She is more concerned with shopping than she is with being a singer role model - a title that she so proudly proclaimed after bashing Brittany and Christina for showing too much skin.  We all know now that the hypocritical Jessica Simpson would shed her clothes if the price were right.  She is NOT a role model and her songs/tv specials are lower than below average
 I WOULD LOVE TO SEE THE CAST OF THIS MOVIE DRESSED UP AS HOT DOGS AND THROWN INTO A CAGE WITH STAR JONES AND MARV ALBERT.(...
 I was excited when this movie showed up in the mail and immediately put it in my DVD player and sat down to watch.  It didn't take long for me to realize it was a cheaply made film.  The story was interesting and had it been done in a better way, the film could have been great but after having seen movies such as Trick and Latter Days where the acting and production quality were very good, I found myself feeling dissapointed after only a few moments.  It is not a movie I would readily recommend
 I just wanted to find out and please let me know dat is the A*Teens music video "Heartbreak Lullaby" which is part of the soundtrack for the movie on the Princess Diaries DVD ..lyke as in the Bonus Features or something?? ive been trying find out but i cant so plzz lemme know cuz I just wanna get the DVD for the music video!!
 If you haven't already seen this one, do not wait until "Tomorrow", do it today.This is one of the most delightful musicals of recent years. Great performances by Aileen Quinn as Annie, Albert Finney as Daddy Warbucks, Carol Burnett is outstanding as Ms Hannigan and Tim Curry & Bernadette Peters make convincing nasties. The music is great and the easy-to-miss one-liners are delightful. All-in-all, a must see, and a must-possess movie
 These are old Disney shows from 2 series.  I saw then on the late-night "Vault Disney" series.  They were well done and interesting.  The only problem is that this DVD is only a few (6 total) of the 18 shows.  So although I would rate the shows as a 4 or 5, this release gets 1 star for being incomplete.These are old Disney shows from 2 series.  I saw then on the late-night "Vault Disney" series.  They were well done and interesting.  The only problem is that this DVD is only a few (6 total) of the 18 shows.  So although I would rate the shows as a 4 or 5, this release gets 1 star for being incomplete.Save your money for if and when the whole series comes out
 Good grief - yet another DVD collection we are not buying because Disney doesn't seem to understand.  We LOVED these series when they were on television but we will not buy something that is slapped together and incomplete.  I hope the folks at Disney get the message eventually.  Same thing applies to their live action feature films.  Disney should release them in widescreen with some extras or not bother.  Too bad because we have all the animated films and would happily buy the live action if the same care was given to the production
 Maybe this is not fair, to write a review without even seeing the DVD.  I wanted to make sure Disney understands that people do read these reviews, and I am not buying this DVD, as Swamp Fox is incomplete!  Three out of Eight episodes is hardly a reason to purchase
 I recently saw Les Miserables - 10th Anniversary Concert on DVD and absolutely fell in love with it so I thought I would try something similar and decided to give Candide try.  Boy, was I disappointed.  I can't get past the first 30 minutes -- all these silly gimmicky "jokes" that are not even remotely funny.  The singing is not bad (this cast has better technical control of their voices compared to the cast in Les Miz) but the choreography is trite and unimaginative, and the acting so juvenille that you'd think the characters are retarded.  When the narrator fired his gun and a "bang" flag shot out from the gun instead -- that was over the top for me....  Yuck. 
 My impression was: what a waste of money - why take such a nice play and do it like that? Why? - What's that "old lady"? What sort of character Mrs. Lupone built? I read the reviews here - and I didn't believe them. I should have had. But there are good moments though - imaginative, creative, although far from funny
 As I write this review, it was 5 years ago this very day that the Walt Disney Co. released the classic "Fantasia" for the first time on DVD as a 60th Anniversary Special Edition.  But exactly 5 years later, you can no longer purchase a legitimate, new copy of it without paying at least double the original sale price, via such avenues as ebay.As I write this review, it was 5 years ago this very day that the Walt Disney Co. released the classic "Fantasia" for the first time on DVD as a 60th Anniversary Special Edition.  But exactly 5 years later, you can no longer purchase a legitimate, new copy of it without paying at least double the original sale price, via such avenues as ebay.As a Disney shareholder, I am one unhappy camper!!As a Disney shareholder, I am one unhappy camper!!This is the only reason I'm rating this classic 5-star film with only 2 stars.  The DVD is no longer legitimately available without forking over at least $40 or $50 for a new copy when the original list price was well under $30 (and that current price is only going to go up as times passes by).  I'm sure I'm not the only consumer that's really sick and tired of Disney's inane policy of releasing and then quickly yanking some of their DVD releases.This is the only reason I'm rating this classic 5-star film with only 2 stars.  The DVD is no longer legitimately available without forking over at least $40 or $50 for a new copy when the original list price was well under $30 (and that current price is only going to go up as times passes by).  I'm sure I'm not the only consumer that's really sick and tired of Disney's inane policy of releasing and then quickly yanking some of their DVD releases.So what am I supposed to do now?  Wait another 5 to 10 years just to buy a legitimate copy of this DVD when Disney finally decides that the time is right to release it again?  I think not!  I can't wait that long, and my nieces and nephews will probably be too old to care at that point.  Or, should I instead pay an insane price now for an original copy (the profits of which WILL NOT go to Disney)?  Again, I don't think so!  I do not believe in getting ripped off, and refuse to support those that profit from it, regardless of supply/demand fundamentals.So what am I supposed to do now?  Wait another 5 to 10 years just to buy a legitimate copy of this DVD when Disney finally decides that the time is right to release it again?  I think not!  I can't wait that long, and my nieces and nephews will probably be too old to care at that point.  Or, should I instead pay an insane price now for an original copy (the profits of which WILL NOT go to Disney)?  Again, I don't think so!  I do not believe in getting ripped off, and refuse to support those that profit from it, regardless of supply/demand fundamentals.If Disney insists on continuing their ridiculous and outdated practice of discontinuing some of their classic films on DVD after only 2 to 3 years of availability, it shouldn't surprise them at all that they're actually LOSING POTENTIAL SALES to counterfeit/pirated versions of the films that are being sold around the world (and from auction sites like ebay, too).  The way I see it, THEY ASKED FOR IT!!  By not making these classics legitimately available at all times, they are encouraging piracy.  It's that simple, and they deserve it!!  In this day and age, people are not going to wait a few years to get something they want NOW!!If Disney insists on continuing their ridiculous and outdated practice of discontinuing some of their classic films on DVD after only 2 to 3 years of availability, it shouldn't surprise them at all that they're actually LOSING POTENTIAL SALES to counterfeit/pirated versions of the films that are being sold around the world (and from auction sites like ebay, too).  The way I see it, THEY ASKED FOR IT!!  By not making these classics legitimately available at all times, they are encouraging piracy.  It's that simple, and they deserve it!!  In this day and age, people are not going to wait a few years to get something they want NOW!!I guess Disney is forcing me to think about buying a phony yet much cheaper DVD version of the original "Fantasia" just so I can show this classic to my nieces and nephews.  I'd much rather buy a legitimate copy that's reasonably priced, but I can't because Disney won't allow me to do so.  Oh well, it's their loss.  A classic film like "Fantasia", which came in at No. 58 on the American Film Institute's 1998 list of the 100 greatest American movies of all time, deserves a far better fate than this. I guess Disney is forcing me to think about buying a phony yet much cheaper DVD version of the original "Fantasia" just so I can show this classic to my nieces and nephews.  I'd much rather buy a legitimate copy that's reasonably priced, but I can't because Disney won't allow me to do so.  Oh well, it's their loss.  A classic film like "Fantasia", which came in at No. 58 on the American Film Institute's 1998 list of the 100 greatest American movies of all time, deserves a far better fate than this. Great job Disney!!  Way to go!
 Don't bother.  Just don't bother.  It's sad to see
 I hope I can give a fair rating here, but as one member who loves to watch LDS films of all types, this one is a big let-down. I normally will sit through any movie to see if it gets good. This one was just overkill that was not even funny. I initially sqeezed a few laughs out in the beginning but then it looked like "nursury" comedy if you know what I mean. I turned it off after the whole overdrawn toilet scene with the wedding-gown-infomercial-in-a-movie
 Robert Wiene's "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" is a celebrated work of German Expressionism.  While there are several interesting facets to it, this grand experiment in filmmaking cannot be regarded as a complete success.Robert Wiene's "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" is a celebrated work of German Expressionism.  While there are several interesting facets to it, this grand experiment in filmmaking cannot be regarded as a complete success.Francis (Friedrich Feher) relays a strange story.  A man named Dr. Caligari (Werner Krauss) once came to his town seeking a permit to display an exhibit at a carnival.  The exhibit was a wooden cabinet that housed a somnambulist named Cesare (Conrad Veidt).  Strange happenings then ensued after Cesare predicted the death of one of Francis's friends.  Concerned for the safety of his beloved Jane (Lil Dagover), Francis took it upon himself to determine whether Caligari was the person responsible for the disturbing series of events.Francis (Friedrich Feher) relays a strange story.  A man named Dr. Caligari (Werner Krauss) once came to his town seeking a permit to display an exhibit at a carnival.  The exhibit was a wooden cabinet that housed a somnambulist named Cesare (Conrad Veidt).  Strange happenings then ensued after Cesare predicted the death of one of Francis's friends.  Concerned for the safety of his beloved Jane (Lil Dagover), Francis took it upon himself to determine whether Caligari was the person responsible for the disturbing series of events.In a strange way, one can look upon "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" as a bizarre version of "The Wizard of Oz" (1939).  The framing sequences are similar and the surreal appearance of the town effectively creates an unfamiliar world that has its own unique and distinct visual identity.  Yet, despite the ample creativity on display and the intriguing ideas the film explores in regards to memory and interpretation, "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" is stiff and dreary.  The characters are not engaging and the story is just a generic murder mystery with a monster thrown in.  Give "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" points for trying to do something different and for influencing the look and feel of horror films that followed, but feel free to skip it if you are not a fan of the peculiar.  
 There is a coliseum video about the World Heavyweight title. The tape ends when hogan was champ on his first reign. That tape is great. Gorilla Moonsoon with the commentary. The JR commentary doesn't make this garbage any better. The matches are like De ja vu let me think yes I have seen these before. Because these matches are on each and every other dvd. The extras on the dvd show the split seconds each title change. I really mean each clip has to be about 5 or 6 seconds. I know these matches were supposedly decided by the fans. I know I voted. Were the votes counted in Florida ? There are a million other matches that could have been on this dvd.  I got the first disc from Netflix because I was not going to buy it. Some may say "He is crazy it was great". Maybe for you it is. I have seen all of that before. I wanted this dvd to learn something new about that history. There are no perspective segments or interviews. Just overrated JR running his yap over matches he never called. I want to hear the real commentary with Jesse not JR. But WWE screwed that up. There are a lot of things just wrong about wrestling now...oh I mean Entertainment. It's garbage now. WWE has put out some good dvds its just they did a crappy job on this one. Hitman, Jake Roberts, Road Warriors, Monday Night etc etc. The dvds about the old days are the only things I look forward to because their current product is garbage. So when the thing I look forward to is as luckluster as this dvd sorry if I get a little ticked off. Experienced wrestling fan get it on Netflix or borrow it and go and get the Coliseum Video if you can find it. Rookie fan it would be informative to you.
 Surprisingly sleaze and Chauvinismby female Director Heckerling! Sheduplicated it in Chevy Chase vehicleNational Lampoon's European Vacationtoo! Many child actors got their starthere, but the thing that cracked me up, as I saw it when it came out (unfortu-nately) was the dialog of my fav band,Cheap Trick: Ticket scalper "...Themagntism of Robin Zander and the charisma of Rick Nielsen...and whatabout the tunes, 'I Want You To WantMe, The Dream Police...nan-nan-nah,'You're momma's alright, your daddy'salright, they just seem a little weird,Surrender, surrender...", before he's interrupted. If that isn't somebody'sidea of 'Surrender', they've stumbled onto this review by mistake
 I am always up for a new genre of film, but the reviews here are misleading. The basic plot of the movie is that life sucks (yeah thats it). The rest of it is just sick. If your really into perversion then okay you'd probably get more out of it then I did, but for the viewers who haven't been almost raped by their fathers, or killed their grandparents or shot themselves in public this isn't the movie for you. If you still want to see the movie try and get it from netflix or borrow it from a friend before you dish out the cash
 a coffee table book come to life, ridiculously uninvolving writing and acting; you could turn to any chapter in this pretentious take on mid-20th century japan and not suffer any the worse for it.
 There are cinematic masterpieces, and there are films that really make you feel the producer knows how to use film to its fullest.  This stinker convinced me Mr. Lynch owned shares in Kodak and wanted to sell film by the mile.  The only reason you may want to see this is so you will convince yourself never to see a David Lynch work ever again.  Do not buy it!!  Manos, The Hands of Fate is much more watchable than this.I get Brian Eno and ambient/atmosphere music is so you will use it as a background along with your imagination to create your own inner experience.  Film doesn't work that way (another reviewer compared this with Eno).  I find Memento a brilliant piece of work, really making me forget I am watching a film.  I think Videodrome is wonderful and compelling.  This - make sure you can watch something else.  Watch this in 100x speed.  You won't miss a thing.Okay, I just remembered, there is one movie worse than this one.  Reflections Of Evil.  If you actually like Eraserhead then get that movie too.  Me, I'd rather put a brain-eating worm in my ear from whatever planet Kahn was exiled to in Star Trek II.  Much less painful than watching this
 How he gets away with it I will never understand.Orson Welles was a Clown who dedicated his life to food and to criticize art in all of its forms.(that's what you do when you can't make art)Don't worry,there is always Rossellini,Fellini,Renoir,Bergman,Dreyer... ...
 The Criterion Collection, a continuing series of important classic and contemporary films, is dedicated to gathering the greatest films from around the world and publishing them in editions that offer the highest technical quality and award-winning, original supplements.The foundation of the collection is the work of such(real) MASTERS of cinema as Renoir, Godard, Kurosawa, Cocteau, Fellini, Bergman, Tarkovsky, Hitchcock, Fuller, Lean, Kubrick, Lang, Sturges, Dreyer, Eisenstein, Ozu, Sirk, Bunuel, Powell and Pressburger.The Criterion Collection, a continuing series of important classic and contemporary films, is dedicated to gathering the greatest films from around the world and publishing them in editions that offer the highest technical quality and award-winning, original supplements.The foundation of the collection is the work of such(real) MASTERS of cinema as Renoir, Godard, Kurosawa, Cocteau, Fellini, Bergman, Tarkovsky, Hitchcock, Fuller, Lean, Kubrick, Lang, Sturges, Dreyer, Eisenstein, Ozu, Sirk, Bunuel, Powell and Pressburger.The Criterion Collection must feel embarrassed for wasting  a tremendous amount of time in this glorious package to glorify the most incompetent of all filmmakers. I did not watch any of the extras, but I hope you can find there those hilarious TV- clips from the 70s with Welles crying like a baby...."Oh...They only let me do the movie I wanted to make in Kane....
 This was not very good, in my opinion. The Ring scared the bejeezus outta me. This was not scary. Two weeks afterwards, I still find my mind wandering about one thing...why the heck didn't they just kick that little boy in the head and send him accross the room? If I walk into my house and see a half-naked boy meowing and hissing at me, I'm gonna flip him over my knee and give him a good spankin
 While viewing the DVD Elizabeth I, we noticed many imperfections requiring restarts and/or interruptions of our viewing. This is the first DVD that we have ever seen with imperfections.It was very distracting while trying to view this excellent movie
 This story is one of the worst "fantasy" stories ever.  It is completely unoriginal and is a hodge podge of borrowed fantasy and mythological creatures set in a preachy judeo-christian story line.  Don't waste your time with the books or the movies and look to Lord of The Rings or Harry Potter for original (not to mention secular) fantasy and escape. 
 I didn't like this video for several reasons.  The rubber band is a waste of time and hurts your hands.  I was looking for an aerobic video.  I have Gilad - Bodies in Motion which is great but was getting bored with it since I had it for four years. Let me just say I'm sticking with Gilad because Denise does nothing for me.  You don't even feel like you had a workout with her.  She's boring.  I would recommend Gilad for aerobics and Tamilee Webb for toning.  Tamilee is awesome.   I have many of her videos and I'm a true fan of hers
 This program was BORING! As much as Billy tried to keep the kid on the program motivated, about 10 minutes into the workout they were showing how bored they were, and of course my kids at home, and I'm sure any other kid picked up on this, and soon lost interest.Several things made this program boring:One, you can't understand a thing Billy is saying, he would mumble unclear phrases thoughout the entire program, and his demeanor was very un-natural, to the point of being fake. He just looked & sounded very out of place working with kids. It came across like he & his crew weren't really sure how to interact with the kids, making them appear to be very fake. Another boring point was the movements, there was absolutely NO creativity here, these were some of the EXACT same movements from the adult Tae-Bo videos. Now, I do applaud Billy for slowing the movements down (unlike the adult Tae-Bo which goes at a break neck pace), these movements are performed in a controlled manner. But, they are still adult type movements, and extremely boring for kids. I would have liked to have seen some creativity with these movements to make them more kid friendly, and more EXCITING!To be honest my kids were turned off & bored with this program after the first 10 minutes. Something Billy needs to realize is, kids are smarter than people give them credit for being. - They can tell when someone is being fake & not truly having fun, and they also realize that when kids on T.V. are bored & not having fun, then this isn't something they want to do. Kids want to have fun, and want to watch the instructor & other kids having fun. That is how you motivate children
 This movie does not make sense. And it's not weird in the style of David Lynch, it's just complete crap. I thought Willie Wonka and The Chocolate Factory was the worst/stupidest fil ever until i saw this. Do not buy this. It is not a family movie, and it is not funny or entertaining
 I purchased this movie as it was labeled an epic film and someone even compared it to the best love story since Gone with the Wind.  Give me a break!I purchased this movie as it was labeled an epic film and someone even compared it to the best love story since Gone with the Wind.  Give me a break!This movie had an agenda 25 years ago, and it still comes across that way in 2006.This movie had an agenda 25 years ago, and it still comes across that way in 2006.The rating of PG is a joke.  Please do not watch this movie with your kids!  It is certainly has a more mature theme than what you would think.The rating of PG is a joke.  Please do not watch this movie with your kids!  It is certainly has a more mature theme than what you would think.The plot is lame and I am sorry I spent the money on it.  I plan to get rid of the movie and exchange it as used somewhere where I can get something that is entertaining, this certainly was not.  I did not even reach the end of the first disc before turning it off.The plot is lame and I am sorry I spent the money on it.  I plan to get rid of the movie and exchange it as used somewhere where I can get something that is entertaining, this certainly was not.  I did not even reach the end of the first disc before turning it off.For top names in the industry making this film, all I can say is they got paid a lot of money for nothing. 
 I agree with others! Season by season BOX SETS of Beavis & Butt-Head are what we fans want! With all music and B&B commentary and no damned edits of anything!I agree with others! Season by season BOX SETS of Beavis & Butt-Head are what we fans want! With all music and B&B commentary and no damned edits of anything!Until then, Mike Judge & company, I will NOT buy anything B&B related, relying instead on my own VHS recorded episodes(limited in number of episodes as they are at least they're the complete original episodes)that I've transfered to DVD.Until then, Mike Judge & company, I will NOT buy anything B&B related, relying instead on my own VHS recorded episodes(limited in number of episodes as they are at least they're the complete original episodes)that I've transfered to DVD.I want each and every episode uncut and in their original broadcast order.I want each and every episode uncut and in their original broadcast order.Who's the brains behind the lame "Mike Judge Collection" series anyway?!? Some dumbass idiot working at Burger World??? Who's the brains behind the lame "Mike Judge Collection" series anyway?!? Some dumbass idiot working at Burger World??? Just from a purely greedy standpoint you'd make way more greenbacks by doing it the right way for cryin' out loud! Not to mention retain the show's and your integrity. Just from a purely greedy standpoint you'd make way more greenbacks by doing it the right way for cryin' out loud! Not to mention retain the show's and your integrity. Hell, even Beavis and Butt-Head'd think this "Collection" concept'd be lame and stupid!!Hell, even Beavis and Butt-Head'd think this "Collection" concept'd be lame and stupid!!Get with the groove Mike & Co. and give us what we want already!!
 I dont understand why they didnt put the videos in like when it was on tv.  The videos were the best part!  I asume its because mtv didn't want to pay royalties to the bands, so they called it the "Mike Judge Collection" and left them out.  Uh, That Sucks
 I bought this DVD hoping that it will be a good one but it turned out to be awful and trashy. There is no story or plot to it, so I ended up throwing it away. I really regret buying it. If you're into sex, then this film is for you but let me tell you this, it is boring like hell.
 Each scene is one shot, and that shot goes on and on and on, sometimes staying with the same act or lack of action.  This film is pretension personified, but that's okay.  Many people can't tell the difference between pretension and art.  The music too is full of squeaks and squawks.  In case you didn't know, that means that the music too is high art.  Each scene is one shot, and that shot goes on and on and on, sometimes staying with the same act or lack of action.  This film is pretension personified, but that's okay.  Many people can't tell the difference between pretension and art.  The music too is full of squeaks and squawks.  In case you didn't know, that means that the music too is high art.  There is no story.  Boy and girl see each other, and without preliminaries hit the sack.  We see boy & girl here, there, in the sack, here, there, in the sack, etc.  Occasionally we get a shot of some of the other characters.  There is no story.  Boy and girl see each other, and without preliminaries hit the sack.  We see boy & girl here, there, in the sack, here, there, in the sack, etc.  Occasionally we get a shot of some of the other characters.  Because of the lack of dynamics, the film is not effective, either as drama or as eroticism.  Ironically, "The Summer of '42" was much more erotic even without any nudity (which would have helped).  Because of the lack of dynamics, the film is not effective, either as drama or as eroticism.  Ironically, "The Summer of '42" was much more erotic even without any nudity (which would have helped).  The vaulted sex scenes are three in number, chest and shoulders, and they last about three minutes each.  The much-touted fellatio scene is actually surprisingly good, more convincing than the "love" scenes.  The vaulted sex scenes are three in number, chest and shoulders, and they last about three minutes each.  The much-touted fellatio scene is actually surprisingly good, more convincing than the "love" scenes.  There are also a few brief full-frontal scenes of the star, who has a gorgeous body (hence, the two star rating).  There are also a few brief full-frontal scenes of the star, who has a gorgeous body (hence, the two star rating).  Bottom line: the only reason to see this movie is the nudity and the sex.  But there are many better movies for that.  So, only if you need the pretentiousness in order to permit yourself to see a sex movie should you see this.  
 *Warning: Spoiler*I cannot believe people, excuse me, some women are giving this movie four and five stars. Interesting premise,and it could have been a good, believeable movie-- but it was sooo syrupy. If this is what it's like to be in love, please somebody shoot me(note: I've been in real love for 27 years now.) I got through the movie and probably would have given the movie a 3 and a half until the very end. Why the blankity-blank-blank does somebody always have to die at or near the end for the movie to be a "good movie"?I felt like I was drowning in estrogen by the time the movie was over. Wouldn't it have been more intriquing to leave the movie somehow pondering how this new love was going to all work out? That, at least, would have made the movie more intriquing, believeable and redeeming. If ever a movie was made to force tears, this is it. This movie stinks and I don't mind telling you so--and it's not just because I'm a man either. Imo, there's not much difference between this movie and a stupid, blatant Steven Segall movie where testosterone is promenaded around like it's the elixir of heaven. Same coin, different sides.  The movie should be given a "one"--no a "negative one" just for the stupid ending, but other redeeming factors make it a "two." Still not worth seeing--i.e., unless you're into infuriating yourself.  The movie should be given a "one"--no a "negative one" just for the stupid ending, but other redeeming factors make it a "two." Still not worth seeing--i.e., unless you're into infuriating yourself.**  Note: Even my wife and daughter--both chick-flick connousiours--hate this movie.I haven't checked yet, but I think my dogs do too.****  Note: Even my wife and daughter--both chick-flick connousiours--hate this movie.I haven't checked yet, but I think my dogs do too.**  Another note: These two good actors needed a better movie. See Ryan in the superb "Courage Under Fire", or the Jim Morrison movie, or "When Harry Met Sally"--which I don't categorize as a "chick flick" but as a good romantic comedy,i.e., not contrived
 Geez, maybe I have a heart of stone. I wasn't a bit moved by the overrated Streep and handsome Clint. It's a story about two hearts linked as one - a sacrifice by a beautiful woman for the greater good - a touching story of common adultery committed by two randy, bored adults. Yawwwwn. Streep can do any accent on the planet, and sprinkle it with more affected mannerisms than Marcel Marceau. That doesn't make her an actress - just a clever chameleon. I'd rather watch Julia Roberts play herself over and over and over than see Streep play "pretend" roles. There, I've said it. Now goodnight.
 Almost unbelievably bad, except I saw the remake of 'Shaft,' which should have been a forewarning.  This is like a comic book for filmgoers.  No, not a graphic novel adapted to the screen.  More like a comic book for kids, that you'd be embarassed to own at any age.  Doubly offensive is the high quality soul music that is on the soundtrack, a travesty to the nth degree.   
 "Legal Eagles" is supposed to be a comedy. We're supposed to find the characters played by Robert Redford and Debra Winger to be amusing, their acrimonious relationship to be hilarious, and the way that they end up being partners despite all of the gibes to be romantically satisfying."Legal Eagles" is supposed to be a comedy. We're supposed to find the characters played by Robert Redford and Debra Winger to be amusing, their acrimonious relationship to be hilarious, and the way that they end up being partners despite all of the gibes to be romantically satisfying.The problem is that the movie is too dumb to be taken seriously, and thus too dumb to be funny.The problem is that the movie is too dumb to be taken seriously, and thus too dumb to be funny.Briefly, the story takes place in New York. Robert Redford is an assistant District Attorney about to be promoted to be the DA. Debra Winger is a defense attorney, and Daryl Hannah is a young woman with emotional problems, and is Debra Winger's client. The plot involves a fire 20 years ago, when Daryl Hannah was eight, a fire that killed her artist father and purportedly destroyed a large number of his paintings. This experience left Daryl Hannah traumatized, but all is not as it seems, and now, 20 years later, Daryl Hannah is first accused of attempted theft and later of murder.Briefly, the story takes place in New York. Robert Redford is an assistant District Attorney about to be promoted to be the DA. Debra Winger is a defense attorney, and Daryl Hannah is a young woman with emotional problems, and is Debra Winger's client. The plot involves a fire 20 years ago, when Daryl Hannah was eight, a fire that killed her artist father and purportedly destroyed a large number of his paintings. This experience left Daryl Hannah traumatized, but all is not as it seems, and now, 20 years later, Daryl Hannah is first accused of attempted theft and later of murder.Unfortunately, the plot involves many elements that simply don't make sense. I won't go into detail, but Roger Ebert does a good job of listing four different major things that make the plot completely unbelievable.Unfortunately, the plot involves many elements that simply don't make sense. I won't go into detail, but Roger Ebert does a good job of listing four different major things that make the plot completely unbelievable.As well as the story being dumb I found some of the scenes that were supposed to be funny to be anything but. As well as the story being dumb I found some of the scenes that were supposed to be funny to be anything but. For example, Robert Redford is a weekend father to a teenage daughter. At one point his ex-wife threatens to go to court to prevent him from seeing their daughter. Robert Redford makes a telephone call to his ex-wife's home and starts an angry monologue of threats about how he'll take her apart in court. Then he realizes that he's actually talking to his daughter! This mistake is apparently supposed to be hilarious. Ha, ha.For example, Robert Redford is a weekend father to a teenage daughter. At one point his ex-wife threatens to go to court to prevent him from seeing their daughter. Robert Redford makes a telephone call to his ex-wife's home and starts an angry monologue of threats about how he'll take her apart in court. Then he realizes that he's actually talking to his daughter! This mistake is apparently supposed to be hilarious. Ha, ha.In another scene Robert Redford and Debra Winger are together and see one of the bad guys. Robert Redford takes off on foot to try to catch him. Debra Winger, who doesn't know how to drive a car, feels it necessary for her to jump into Robert Redford's car and try to follow him. She makes a wrong turn and finds herself going the wrong way into traffic on a wide heavily trafficked street. There follows one minute of her frantically dodging cars at the last moment. Very funny. Ha, ha, ha.In another scene Robert Redford and Debra Winger are together and see one of the bad guys. Robert Redford takes off on foot to try to catch him. Debra Winger, who doesn't know how to drive a car, feels it necessary for her to jump into Robert Redford's car and try to follow him. She makes a wrong turn and finds herself going the wrong way into traffic on a wide heavily trafficked street. There follows one minute of her frantically dodging cars at the last moment. Very funny. Ha, ha, ha.This movie could have been a fairly good romantic thriller if they had fixed the plot and not tried to be a comedy. But the dumb plot and the unfunny attempts at comedy make it a complete waste of time.This movie could have been a fairly good romantic thriller if they had fixed the plot and not tried to be a comedy. But the dumb plot and the unfunny attempts at comedy make it a complete waste of time.Rennie Peterse
 this is entertainment? Wow, exactly how much of your brain has been damaged by fat
 So-so movie. It has it's good parts along with some boring parts but overall, good special effects with the ghosts. There were bloody parts in this movie making it more enjoyable to watch. When a very rich man dies and leaves his state of the art home to his nephew, he moves in with his family only to find out that there are things in the house that he was not aware of............. many ghosts. Just a OK movie.
 Thirteen Ghosts is about a machine. This machine was designed by a Man who was at the time possessed my Satan. Yes, Satan. If the plot doesn't seem stupid enough, it needs Ghosts to power it. Ghostbusters anyone? At the start we watch a ghost hunting scene with a ghost that looks it belongs in a Michael J Fox movie.  As time progresses you find out that the 'demonic machine' needs to be powered by ghosts. If done right, it opens the 'Eye to Hell'. Save yourself a few bucks and don't rent this.  It's awfu
 I generally like some of these French-comic-books-turned-into-movies because they're usually pretty erotic.  Jane Fonda's role in Barbarella comes to mind.  This Gwendoline series definitely had the POTENTIAL what with the scantily-clad women-in-bondage theme and the scenes involving Gwendoline with her dominant girlfriend.I generally like some of these French-comic-books-turned-into-movies because they're usually pretty erotic.  Jane Fonda's role in Barbarella comes to mind.  This Gwendoline series definitely had the POTENTIAL what with the scantily-clad women-in-bondage theme and the scenes involving Gwendoline with her dominant girlfriend.But the very beautiful Tawney Kitaen (cast as Gwendoline) apparently balked at doing girl/girl scenes (this was 1984, after all), and so the producers obligingly didn't force her to do any, and as a result this one turned into a very bland, weak, and diluted version of Raiders of the Lost Ark.  It's not a good adventure film, and it's certainly not erotic.But the very beautiful Tawney Kitaen (cast as Gwendoline) apparently balked at doing girl/girl scenes (this was 1984, after all), and so the producers obligingly didn't force her to do any, and as a result this one turned into a very bland, weak, and diluted version of Raiders of the Lost Ark.  It's not a good adventure film, and it's certainly not erotic.There's a little nudity, and some ridiculous moments that are supposed to capture the kinkiness of the French comics, but overall this one was a disappointing bust.   
 Harold Ramis's "The Ice Harvest" wallows in mid-market crime and holiday angst, but never really hits either the comic or noir heights to which it aspires.  All the ingredients are there, but ultimately the movie lacks spice.  In some movies, it works where all the characters move at a slow pace - "Nobody's Fool," for example.  But a dark comedy needs some pep, and "The Ice Harvest" doesn't have it.Harold Ramis's "The Ice Harvest" wallows in mid-market crime and holiday angst, but never really hits either the comic or noir heights to which it aspires.  All the ingredients are there, but ultimately the movie lacks spice.  In some movies, it works where all the characters move at a slow pace - "Nobody's Fool," for example.  But a dark comedy needs some pep, and "The Ice Harvest" doesn't have it.A lot of that blame falls on the shoulders of John Cusack, one of my favorite actors.  He is at his best when he is riffing one of his intelligent-yet-soulful monologues, like in "High Fidelity" and "Say Anything."  Here, Cusack's job is to look morose and make the occasional comment - he may speak the fewest lines in any film he's made as a leading man, and that's a shame.  Billy Bob Thornton tries to liven up the movie in his scenes, but the menacing actor is off-screen for huge swaths of time and his absence is felt.  The same with the entertaining Oliver Platt, who plays a drunken buffoon as well as anyone - he's enjoyable on-screen, but when he's not there, we miss him.A lot of that blame falls on the shoulders of John Cusack, one of my favorite actors.  He is at his best when he is riffing one of his intelligent-yet-soulful monologues, like in "High Fidelity" and "Say Anything."  Here, Cusack's job is to look morose and make the occasional comment - he may speak the fewest lines in any film he's made as a leading man, and that's a shame.  Billy Bob Thornton tries to liven up the movie in his scenes, but the menacing actor is off-screen for huge swaths of time and his absence is felt.  The same with the entertaining Oliver Platt, who plays a drunken buffoon as well as anyone - he's enjoyable on-screen, but when he's not there, we miss him.The bar is set pretty high for holiday-as-setting-for-dysfunction movies. None of the exchanges rise to the visceral heights of the husband-wife spat of "The Ref," for example.  The movie is filled with small-time hoods who all seem hung-over or depressed rather than moved to exercise their savage wits.  Instead, we get an ominous film that in many ways tries to evoke "Fargo" or "A Simple Plan," but doesn't get anywhere close.  The bar is set pretty high for holiday-as-setting-for-dysfunction movies. None of the exchanges rise to the visceral heights of the husband-wife spat of "The Ref," for example.  The movie is filled with small-time hoods who all seem hung-over or depressed rather than moved to exercise their savage wits.  Instead, we get an ominous film that in many ways tries to evoke "Fargo" or "A Simple Plan," but doesn't get anywhere close.  There are a few laugh-out-loud moments that I won't spoil that keep the movie from being a complete waste of time.  But all in all, the movie is a downer, and when the winners are finally revealed at the end, it feels less like a triumph than it does a ho-hum conclusion.  There are a few laugh-out-loud moments that I won't spoil that keep the movie from being a complete waste of time.  But all in all, the movie is a downer, and when the winners are finally revealed at the end, it feels less like a triumph than it does a ho-hum conclusion.  Throughout the movie, I kept wondering if this would have been a much more enjoyable movie where we got to see what was actually going on inside the minds of the characters . . . there seemed to be many scenes where the actors kept the best lines to themselves.  Petty crime can be highly enjoyable, but not in "The Ice Harvest." 
 Long, tedious action adventure with repetitive dialog, bad plot holes, and generally boring characters is how to describe this little foray into following up the characters from Bad Boys.  Long, tedious action adventure with repetitive dialog, bad plot holes, and generally boring characters is how to describe this little foray into following up the characters from Bad Boys.  Marcus and Mike are out about, trying to find some ecstasy they've been alerted about.  They get into a bunch of fights, a bunch of car chases, they get in trouble, they argue with each other.  Then they go and they get into another fight, then they get in trouble, only this time they argue with each other first.  Then they argue with each other, then get into a fight, then get in trouble.  Then they get into trouble, argue with each other, and get into a fight.  The fights?  The same thing, over and over again.  Marcus is upset because he feels his life is in danger.  Mike is upset because he feels Marcus is bringing in negative energy.  They parody relationship therapy.Marcus and Mike are out about, trying to find some ecstasy they've been alerted about.  They get into a bunch of fights, a bunch of car chases, they get in trouble, they argue with each other.  Then they go and they get into another fight, then they get in trouble, only this time they argue with each other first.  Then they argue with each other, then get into a fight, then get in trouble.  Then they get into trouble, argue with each other, and get into a fight.  The fights?  The same thing, over and over again.  Marcus is upset because he feels his life is in danger.  Mike is upset because he feels Marcus is bringing in negative energy.  They parody relationship therapy.There's another thing happening.  It's this Cuban antagonist.  We don't really care about him, really.  He just kind of runs around, being Cuban and evil and all.  Then we get to see him get angry at people.  Then he becomes devious.  Then he becomes malicious and angry again.There's another thing happening.  It's this Cuban antagonist.  We don't really care about him, really.  He just kind of runs around, being Cuban and evil and all.  Then we get to see him get angry at people.  Then he becomes devious.  Then he becomes malicious and angry again.So we watch, for over two hours, with just enough action to keep it moving.  Action that involves a certain camera movement, then a reverse shot, then the same camera movement, then the same reverse shot, then the same camera movement, then the same reverse shot...  The only truly interesting action scene occurred in that house with the Rastafarians, with that spinning camera thing.  That was pretty clever.  That's why this film got any stars at all from me.So we watch, for over two hours, with just enough action to keep it moving.  Action that involves a certain camera movement, then a reverse shot, then the same camera movement, then the same reverse shot, then the same camera movement, then the same reverse shot...  The only truly interesting action scene occurred in that house with the Rastafarians, with that spinning camera thing.  That was pretty clever.  That's why this film got any stars at all from me.Really, all I got from this film was the feeling that the filmmakers were trying to make the Bad Boys series, if there will ever be one (probably...) into the Lethal Weapon series.  I also got a lot of stuff about terrible psychoanalysis which was, to me, Michael Bay telling the world that male attraction to action adventure movies is not some weird psychoanalitical crazy mess, but just good natured fun.  Which is why the movie got a bit more of a higher rating from me.Really, all I got from this film was the feeling that the filmmakers were trying to make the Bad Boys series, if there will ever be one (probably...) into the Lethal Weapon series.  I also got a lot of stuff about terrible psychoanalysis which was, to me, Michael Bay telling the world that male attraction to action adventure movies is not some weird psychoanalitical crazy mess, but just good natured fun.  Which is why the movie got a bit more of a higher rating from me.Otherwise, wow, was that tedious.Otherwise, wow, was that tedious.--PolarisDi
 After 40 minutes of objective viewing, and shot after superfluous shot, I sat through another 30 minutes in pain. I've come to the fairly well informed conclusion that either Peter Jackson can ONLY do epics wheather it calls for it or not, or LOTR in all it's incarnations had immense levels of supervision for Jacksons from higher-ups. Kong is not an epic, it is a tragedy. Tell me to watch the whole thing, if you will, but if the film is constructed so poorly 70 minutes in, I don't need to. On another note. Jurassic park had better CGI than this. Mr. jackson, no more 'epic fly-by shots please.
 Eraser has a few scenes that will keep your attention, but overall the movie displayed poor acting, stunts that are impossible and a mediocre plot. This movie possibly will be owned by many, but remembered by few. James Caan was the only talent that Eraser has to offer. Sorry guys, my wife bought it, I watched it, gave it away and divorced her
 This movie creeped me out and not in a good way. Johnny Depp is an awesome actor and I usually find him sexy but in THIS stinker I find him really creepy and gross. Maybe it's the Michael Jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face. Could they have picked a more horrible look for WW? It looked like they took him to a costume store and put a 10$ wig and 5$ clown makup on him! I love Tim Burton's other movies but this one sucked BIGTIME! It gives a new perspective on Willy Wonka but this Willy is someone I would keep kids AWAY from. This movie is childish if you're an adult and pales compared to the original. If you're a kid it's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking "Auntie Zoe, what does that mean?" When are screenwriters going to figure it out? EITHER WRITE A KIDS MOVIE OR WRITE A GROWNUP MOVIE!!! It's really hard to do both in the same film. It seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids, they end up appealing to nobody! Maybe I am biased because I loved the original Gene Wilder version. I would have been open to seeing a remake if it was GOOD but this movie was dissapointing. It's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters. The whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones. The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because I love Depp and Burton, if you are not a fan of either, don't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo!
 seems like this video could be useful, but the trainer is terrible at working the camera and makes you feel uncomfortable watching it, yet alone trying to work out to it....some of the moves were cool, but all in all i will trade this in for something else
 George Sluizer's original Dutch-French version of The Vanishing (aka The Man Who Wanted to Know) offers one of European cinema's most quietly disturbingly anonymous and everyday sociopaths, feeling his way one step at a time towards murder. If you've seen that version, you probably still can't get the final revelation out of your head, but the film had plenty more to offer than that, playing with chronology, subverting the usual cliches of its 'Lady Vanishes' plot (the hero wants to know what happened to his missing lover far more than he wants her to be alive) and throwing in some excellent characterization. I can only assume that for this 1993 US remake Sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself, but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work. His career never recovered.George Sluizer's original Dutch-French version of The Vanishing (aka The Man Who Wanted to Know) offers one of European cinema's most quietly disturbingly anonymous and everyday sociopaths, feeling his way one step at a time towards murder. If you've seen that version, you probably still can't get the final revelation out of your head, but the film had plenty more to offer than that, playing with chronology, subverting the usual cliches of its 'Lady Vanishes' plot (the hero wants to know what happened to his missing lover far more than he wants her to be alive) and throwing in some excellent characterization. I can only assume that for this 1993 US remake Sluizer was so determined that no-one else was going to get the chance to ruin his film when he was perfectly capable of doing it himself, but few people could have anticipated how comprehensively he trashes his own work. His career never recovered.Chief culprit is an astonishing performance by Jeff Bridges that has been overthought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level. A friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that Bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing, and this film is the proof of the pudding. Every movement is overly mechanical in its precision, making him look like a rusty clockwork toy, while his voice is a bizarre mixture of Tootsie, Latka Gravas from Taxi and a Dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from Dok-tah E-ville. No banality of evil here, just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying "Please. Let. Me. Kill. You. Thank you. For your. Consideration.' Chief culprit is an astonishing performance by Jeff Bridges that has been overthought through in every detail to a truly disastrous level. A friend who produced one of his earliest movies noted that Bridges was a great instinctive actor as long as you stopped him thinking about what he was doing, and this film is the proof of the pudding. Every movement is overly mechanical in its precision, making him look like a rusty clockwork toy, while his voice is a bizarre mixture of Tootsie, Latka Gravas from Taxi and a Dalek who have all been taking elocution lessons from Dok-tah E-ville. No banality of evil here, just a looney walking around with an invisible sign over his head saying "Please. Let. Me. Kill. You. Thank you. For your. Consideration.' But the blame really needs to be shared out here. None of the performances are good: often, they don't even look good - Keifer Sutherland looks more like a baby hamster than a distraught man at his wits end in the hurried scenes at the gas station, Nancy Travis flounders badly and Sandra Bullock makes no impression at all as the object of his obsession. Not that they're given any help by either director or writer Todd Graff. The script is particularly weak. The chronology has been altered to put the focus firmly on Bridges at the expense of the couple at the opening of the film. Worse is the rush the film is in, draining the life and character from each scene in its race to get to the next. Rather than the high/low mood shifts in the couple's relationship or the apparently casual but careful establishing of the feel of the location, we just get a couple of arguments that give you the impression that he's probably better off without her. As for the new and improved happy ending - standard woman chased by nutter in the woods jeopardy stuff complete with lame `let's end on a joke like a TV cop show' moment - best not go there... which is advice that holds for this entire trainwreck of a movie. Even a shockingly bland and uninspired Jerry Goldsmith score can't do anything for this one. 
 Joel Hershman's "Greenfingers", starring the now-famous (and utterly gorgeous) Clive Owen and Helen Mirren, is a sweet, cutesy, and utterly empty British romantic comedy.  In this forgettable, generic chick-flick, inmates at a British minimum-security prison take up gardening.  Initially, they are understandably reluctant to garden.  But, get this, gardening ends up changing their lives!  And, after his parole, Owen's character even commits another crime just so he can go back to prison and garden!  And Mirren's character is so impressed with the innmates' gardening that she even has them garden for her!  Wow, where do people get this stuff?Joel Hershman's "Greenfingers", starring the now-famous (and utterly gorgeous) Clive Owen and Helen Mirren, is a sweet, cutesy, and utterly empty British romantic comedy.  In this forgettable, generic chick-flick, inmates at a British minimum-security prison take up gardening.  Initially, they are understandably reluctant to garden.  But, get this, gardening ends up changing their lives!  And, after his parole, Owen's character even commits another crime just so he can go back to prison and garden!  And Mirren's character is so impressed with the innmates' gardening that she even has them garden for her!  Wow, where do people get this stuff?Of course, this being a "romantic comedy" and all, there is a romance between Owen and Mirren's daughter that is so incredibly forced, awkward, and contrived that one cannot help but cringe as the two actors attempt to gaze lustfully at each other.  In addition, peppered throughout are moments of in-your-face sentimentality and supposed "uplifting moments".  And none of it works.Of course, this being a "romantic comedy" and all, there is a romance between Owen and Mirren's daughter that is so incredibly forced, awkward, and contrived that one cannot help but cringe as the two actors attempt to gaze lustfully at each other.  In addition, peppered throughout are moments of in-your-face sentimentality and supposed "uplifting moments".  And none of it works.For all its good intentions, "Greenfingers" is as drab and colorless as the cinderblock walls of the inmates' rooms. It's all perfectly decent, perfectly inoffensive, and perfectly dull
 The flight into New York had been a long one; but I was gently revived when Kirsten Dunst met me at the airport.  She was to be my escort that night at the Lincoln Center where the President would present me the Distinguished Writer's Cross-the highest award this nation can bestow on an author.  I quickly slipped my only suitcase in the backseat and sat next to her as she drove her Mercedes S class sedan to the Waldorf Astoria downtown.The flight into New York had been a long one; but I was gently revived when Kirsten Dunst met me at the airport.  She was to be my escort that night at the Lincoln Center where the President would present me the Distinguished Writer's Cross-the highest award this nation can bestow on an author.  I quickly slipped my only suitcase in the backseat and sat next to her as she drove her Mercedes S class sedan to the Waldorf Astoria downtown."I have to admit that I didn't you who you were until I read STARLESS GRASSLANDS.  I don't mean to embarrass you; but that book changed my life.""I have to admit that I didn't you who you were until I read STARLESS GRASSLANDS.  I don't mean to embarrass you; but that book changed my life."I tried to be polite and gracious toward the compliment.  For the remainder of the trip we had a nice conversation while I approved the fluid motion of her hands and legs as she maneuvered the controls of the automobile.  I very much approved of her legs.I tried to be polite and gracious toward the compliment.  For the remainder of the trip we had a nice conversation while I approved the fluid motion of her hands and legs as she maneuvered the controls of the automobile.  I very much approved of her legs.As I departed the car, Kirsten leaned toward the open door to catch my eyes.As I departed the car, Kirsten leaned toward the open door to catch my eyes."Don't forget.  I'll be by at seven so we can go to the ceremony together.  Please be ready.""Don't forget.  I'll be by at seven so we can go to the ceremony together.  Please be ready."I expressed gratitude for her generosity and promised to be waiting for her seven sharp.  The hotel staff greeted me and soon I entered the elevator for a quiet ride to the eighty sixth floor.  As I entered the suite, the steward took my request to have my suit blushed, prepared and returned in a few hours.I expressed gratitude for her generosity and promised to be waiting for her seven sharp.  The hotel staff greeted me and soon I entered the elevator for a quiet ride to the eighty sixth floor.  As I entered the suite, the steward took my request to have my suit blushed, prepared and returned in a few hours.Finally, a bit of peace.  I poured a small measure of whiskey into a chilled tumbler and then walked over to the large window looking out over the city below.  For a few moments I contemplated the remarks I was to make at this evening's formal ceremonies, then I heard the hushed movement of stocking feet behind me across the room.  Finally, a bit of peace.  I poured a small measure of whiskey into a chilled tumbler and then walked over to the large window looking out over the city below.  For a few moments I contemplated the remarks I was to make at this evening's formal ceremonies, then I heard the hushed movement of stocking feet behind me across the room.  I turned around and out of the bedroom to my left in walked Sandy Bullock dressed in a black sheer see through cat suit.I turned around and out of the bedroom to my left in walked Sandy Bullock dressed in a black sheer see through cat suit."Well, Crabby, aren't you glad to see me?""Well, Crabby, aren't you glad to see me?"Before I could recover from my surprise another set of feet wisped across the floor from the sitting room on the right.  It was Jennifer Aniston dressed in the same black sheet cat suit.Before I could recover from my surprise another set of feet wisped across the floor from the sitting room on the right.  It was Jennifer Aniston dressed in the same black sheet cat suit."Sweetheart, don't look at her.  Come here to me.""Sweetheart, don't look at her.  Come here to me.""Get out!" screamed Sandy.  "Get out!" screamed Sandy.  "No, you get out.  It's not fair.  I left Brad for him so I get him!""No, you get out.  It's not fair.  I left Brad for him so I get him!"The two of them stood in angry silence staring at each other for a tense moment.  Then Sandy leapt at Jennifer and instantly they were in a bitter fight hissing and scratching each other.  It was a ferocious sight as pulled hair, shrieks of pain, and nylon tearing could be heard.  Then almost a quickly as it began, the fighting pair disappeared into the sitting room.  Several sharp punches were heard then a definite thump as a body fell to the floor.  The two of them stood in angry silence staring at each other for a tense moment.  Then Sandy leapt at Jennifer and instantly they were in a bitter fight hissing and scratching each other.  It was a ferocious sight as pulled hair, shrieks of pain, and nylon tearing could be heard.  Then almost a quickly as it began, the fighting pair disappeared into the sitting room.  Several sharp punches were heard then a definite thump as a body fell to the floor.  Sandy marched back into the room victorious.  I ran to the door of the sitting room only to see Jennifer laid out on the floor out cold, spread eagle and naked.  Before I could think of what to do Sandy tapped me on my shoulder.  I turned around and there Sandy stood.  A little worse for wear.  Trying to catch her breath.  Nude with her torn cat suit draped across her feet.Sandy marched back into the room victorious.  I ran to the door of the sitting room only to see Jennifer laid out on the floor out cold, spread eagle and naked.  Before I could think of what to do Sandy tapped me on my shoulder.  I turned around and there Sandy stood.  A little worse for wear.  Trying to catch her breath.  Nude with her torn cat suit draped across her feet."Forget her.  She won't bother us now.""Forget her.  She won't bother us now."Sandy brushed the stray hairs out of her face, smiled and stepped out of her nylon costume.  She posed standing and anticipating my admiration.  Sandy brushed the stray hairs out of her face, smiled and stepped out of her nylon costume.  She posed standing and anticipating my admiration.  "Now I'm all sweaty and warm.  I need a shower."  Sandy turned her lithe body and walked into the bedroom and into the bathroom beyond."Now I'm all sweaty and warm.  I need a shower."  Sandy turned her lithe body and walked into the bedroom and into the bathroom beyond.I turned around and wondered what I should do for poor Jennifer still laying unconscious on the floor.  Then I heard Sandy calling.I turned around and wondered what I should do for poor Jennifer still laying unconscious on the floor.  Then I heard Sandy calling."Crabby, why don't you come and help me?  You could soap up my......""Crabby, why don't you come and help me?  You could soap up my......""Crabby, why don't you come and help me?  You could soap up my......"OOPS!!!!  Sorry!!!  Err...just a little fantasy of mine.  I meant to honestly review this movie but my more realistic nature took over.  I swear my pitiful fantasy is actually much better than the story told here.  You see, the cover of this DVD displays Ms. Bullock prominently with her name in big font letters.  But in truth this movie focuses on Tate Donovan as the main character and only on Ms. Bullock as his unlikely love interest.OOPS!!!!  Sorry!!!  Err...just a little fantasy of mine.  I meant to honestly review this movie but my more realistic nature took over.  I swear my pitiful fantasy is actually much better than the story told here.  You see, the cover of this DVD displays Ms. Bullock prominently with her name in big font letters.  But in truth this movie focuses on Tate Donovan as the main character and only on Ms. Bullock as his unlikely love interest.As much as I "love" Sandra Bullock, I have to admit her filmography has not been kind to her.  Her best films have been WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING, WRESTLING ERNEST HEMINGWAY and the much-unappreciated HOPE FLOATS.  Unfortunately for each of these gems are several terrible movies like FIRE ON THE AMAZON, HANGMAN, SPEED 2 and this movie.As much as I "love" Sandra Bullock, I have to admit her filmography has not been kind to her.  Her best films have been WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING, WRESTLING ERNEST HEMINGWAY and the much-unappreciated HOPE FLOATS.  Unfortunately for each of these gems are several terrible movies like FIRE ON THE AMAZON, HANGMAN, SPEED 2 and this movie.The plot revolves around two "losers in love" who are unappealing both in looks and personality.  Donovan comes across a love potion from a gypsy woman (an unrecognizable Anne Bancroft) and soon both Donovan and Bullock have the most desirable members of the opposite sex at their feet.  All goes well until others find out their secret and Donovan and Bullock discover that their true love is actually between each other.The plot revolves around two "losers in love" who are unappealing both in looks and personality.  Donovan comes across a love potion from a gypsy woman (an unrecognizable Anne Bancroft) and soon both Donovan and Bullock have the most desirable members of the opposite sex at their feet.  All goes well until others find out their secret and Donovan and Bullock discover that their true love is actually between each other.The story is predictable and unfortunately not very funny or all that sweet.  Chances are you can find a copy of this DVD fairly cheap and it is not a bad way to kill some time while you're waiting for your own boyfriend or girlfriend to get off work-or your friends to wake up from their naps-so you can really do something worth wild.
 Someone bought this 3D DVD for my almost 5 year old daughter.  We thought the special effects would be fascinating and they were.  However,  within minutes of the movie's beginning my daughter was in tears. I won't say why but she found the plot frightening.  Several times during the movie I tried to talk her out of watching but she wanted to see what happened in the end.  Fortunately the movie is relatively short.  Overall, I found the story to be a cynical look at Christmas.  As an adult, I think it might be humourous to watch after a hard day of Christmas shopping but I urge caution before showing it to young children.  There was way too much animated violence to match the spirit of Christmas
 Wow - hard to put into words how bad this was...... We kept waiting for the funny - it never came - we didn't even watch the end.... when they started turning Julia Roberts (Tess) into the "real" Julia Roberts - well - we were done....... note funny - no.........
 The movie itself is just as good i remembered it.  But the Criterion Collection DVD package, however, is so totally not worth the $40 plus postage i paid for it.  I've gotten so much more bang for my buck with other "special edition"-type DVDs.  i found the interviews and "extra" stuff dull.  I want my money back
 It is unusual that I disagree with so many great critics praising a movie where there is so much talent. This movie tries to deal with alot and does alot of it well BUT as a viewer, I am hugely distracted by Mamet's dialogue. No, I do not agree that people in the real business world talk like this! Real people do not mindlessly echo over and over and over the same phrases that they hear each other speaking. If I did that in my working environment my coworkers would think there was something wrong with me. Real conversation does not run in that kind of patter. After listening to the characters for ninety minutes, I finally came to the conclusion that many of the characters sounded alike and the one connection point was Mamet. Real people talk differently from each other. They use different and distinct speech patterns and phrases and slang. I've had this problem with Mamet before and I can't believe nobody has ever noticed this before - and I would doubt that I am the first. I wouldn't be surprised if - somewhere - some actor in some Mamet production has pondered this before. Come on! Good dialogue is like good acting: if it's really good, you don't notice it until the show's over.
 What a disappointment!  I remember Siskel and Ebert raving over this romantic comedy.  Romantic, maybe, but comedy - never.  Very predictable plot from beginning to end.  And Rosie Perez was truly offensive.  A few times I couldn't understand what she was saying.  There is no way I could buy that she and Cage's character were attracted to each other.  Maybe critics liked this movie because it had no sex, violence, or rough language.  Although Cage does get shot in one hold-up scene.  It was just that you knew what was going to happen every step of the way.  I am beginning to Like Cage more and more as he ages. [ spoiler] I was really disappointed at the end to find out that the real people whom this story is based on were always happily married to their original partners.  Either they shouldn't have changed it so much or they shouldn't have let us know about the real story it was based on.[end of spoiler]  But Fonda and Cage were very engaging together
 This is a review of the "Ultimate Collector's Edition," NOT a review of the film itself. If you're considering the purchase of a two-disc special edition, you probably already know that the film is great; you just want to know if this slick package is worth the pricetag. This is a review of the "Ultimate Collector's Edition," NOT a review of the film itself. If you're considering the purchase of a two-disc special edition, you probably already know that the film is great; you just want to know if this slick package is worth the pricetag. In short, it's not. And let me be absolutely clear about one thing: I have known and loved this film for years. A few sequences look properly spectacular, but after watching this DVD on two separate (and high-quality) televisions, I'm amazed that all of the low-light scenes have been rendered almost completely dark. Like, too dark to tell what's even *happening*. For instance, the scene where Brad (Harry Carey, Jr.) runs off to his death, the scene where Marty's (Jeffrey Hunter's) "bride" is serving coffee along the river, and even the pre-dawn scenes leading up to the final storming of the Comanche camp, are utterly lost in the dark. By contrast, the bare-bones 1997 DVD release features noticeably richer colors in the daytime scenes and total clarity in the low-light scenes I've just mentioned. Don't waste your money on this special edition; you'll be much happier if you just shell out the $10.99 for the 1997 release.
 Old movies are great.  I've been waiting for the release of Oklahoma! in the new technology DVD format - I wanted to use my new DVD up-converter.  I have the Laser Disk version, and after reading the reviews, I will keep it until Fox gets its act totether.  Fox should have a press release when they fix the problems reviewed here - until I know it's AT LEAST as good as my outdated Laser Disk, I'll wait
 Don't expect a comedy in the vein of TRINITY or THEY CALL ME TRINITY. If you do, you are in for a fall. Both of those were silly but redeemed themselves by being entertaining. This one has no such pretensions. It is merely boring.Don't expect a comedy in the vein of TRINITY or THEY CALL ME TRINITY. If you do, you are in for a fall. Both of those were silly but redeemed themselves by being entertaining. This one has no such pretensions. It is merely boring.The story concerns a corrupt mining company out to cheat the local town's folk out of their claims. They do this through intimidation and violence. When a couple of friends get hold of a claim, they put together a plan to secure that claim and those of the rest of the town from the bad guys. To do this, they enlist the aide of a traveling circus to serve as a distraction. They yell, they fight, they wrestle, they shoot and then they do it some more. Its not very exciting cinema.The story concerns a corrupt mining company out to cheat the local town's folk out of their claims. They do this through intimidation and violence. When a couple of friends get hold of a claim, they put together a plan to secure that claim and those of the rest of the town from the bad guys. To do this, they enlist the aide of a traveling circus to serve as a distraction. They yell, they fight, they wrestle, they shoot and then they do it some more. Its not very exciting cinema.This production is made worse by the DVD. I suspect that the original film was a rather low budget affair. The DVD, however, is of such low quality that who could really tell? The edges are clipped off, the transfer is grainy and the effect is of someone holding a hidden handycam in a theater trying to bootleg it. IT was not worth the effort.This production is made worse by the DVD. I suspect that the original film was a rather low budget affair. The DVD, however, is of such low quality that who could really tell? The edges are clipped off, the transfer is grainy and the effect is of someone holding a hidden handycam in a theater trying to bootleg it. IT was not worth the effort.Spaghetti westerns can be fun. This one, however, needs the Pepto Bismol right from the beginning to drive off the heartburn.
 This movie isnt worth the time to read this review. It sucks and I'm a big Trinity fan. My advice is keep searchin
 This is the worst Asian movie that I have ever seen.  The story is dumb and doesn't make any sense, especially the ending.  And to top it off it isn't that scary - it only gets a little bit scary at the end.This is the worst Asian movie that I have ever seen.  The story is dumb and doesn't make any sense, especially the ending.  And to top it off it isn't that scary - it only gets a little bit scary at the end.My recommendation:  Don't get this movie.  It is also too expensive.  It you want to watch a good Asian horror movie, I have lots of recommendations.  Wishing Stairs is pretty good.  Koma is an excellent movie. A Tale of Two Sisters is pretty good. Good luck
 If this movie was ever going to have a chance, it needed to be about 4 or 5 hours long, or never attempted in the first place. Some books adapt well to being edited and condensed as a screenplay - Possession just can't be dealt with that way. What you have as a result is another story entirely. There just wasn't time enough, I guess, to develop the characters, or even to include half of them. The only character true to the book and left almost intact was Sir George. The rest were stripped of their layers and everything that made them fascinating, and we are left with painful stereotypes and, in the case of Roland Michell, a character who seems to have wandered on to the wrong set during filming. My best advice is that if you've read the book, skip the movie, but if you saw the movie, you should do yourself a favor and get the book
 Why release WrestleMaina's that are already on dvd? Anther thing WrestleMaina is months away, it was a perfect time to release the big four in order. Survivor Series entire series, then Royal Rumble, then WrestleMaina, and finally Summerslam. Made sense but WWE really doesnt think well sometimes.
 Well, This dvd is pretty bad, like everyone else said. It's 4 episodes recapping the previous 14, with narration from each character in the background. I believe they had to make these eps due to the fact that they needed to save some money in japan since they weren't getting high ratings on the anime series. Anyway, I didn't buy this dvd, because I have the japanese box set instead, which saved me a lot of $$. I watched each episode, and I must say the only part I liked was the opening and ending theme. Other than that, there really is no need to buy this dvd unless you are truly a die-hard wolf's rain fan. But, don't be surprised if you watch this dvd for 5 minutes and then throw it out the window. I really highly recommend renting this before you buy it, cause otherwise you are wasting your money
 What really bothered me about Hudsucker Proxy: Capitalism is the wonder of the world providing food and subsidence to everyone, even Communist slaves and Fascist toady's under a democratic people; yet, Hollywood insists on blasting Corporate Culture, when the overwhelming majority of businessmen are not only honest, they are exemplary. What really bothered me about Hudsucker Proxy: Capitalism is the wonder of the world providing food and subsidence to everyone, even Communist slaves and Fascist toady's under a democratic people; yet, Hollywood insists on blasting Corporate Culture, when the overwhelming majority of businessmen are not only honest, they are exemplary. So much Hollywood talent and money wasted on a bad idea, so what else is new?  The Coen's have jumped the shark with this take off of the American Screwball Comedy of the 30's.  I cringed every time Jennifer Jason Leigh tried to imitate Katharine Hepburn's classic gargle.  The poor actress may have destroyed her career with this stinker. So much Hollywood talent and money wasted on a bad idea, so what else is new?  The Coen's have jumped the shark with this take off of the American Screwball Comedy of the 30's.  I cringed every time Jennifer Jason Leigh tried to imitate Katharine Hepburn's classic gargle.  The poor actress may have destroyed her career with this stinker. I can't stand Tim Robbin's politics, but must admit that he is the best actor to play a fool in the movies.  He almost carries this farce.  Paul Newman; however, is collecting a check.  He's been collecting checks since the 50's.  His salad dressing stinks too.I can't stand Tim Robbin's politics, but must admit that he is the best actor to play a fool in the movies.  He almost carries this farce.  Paul Newman; however, is collecting a check.  He's been collecting checks since the 50's.  His salad dressing stinks too.I'm amazed at how much money the Coen's command in Hollywood on such flimsy pitches.  I loved Fargo and enjoyed The Big Lebowski (not as much as some cult fans), but this film, why did they bother?
 I bought this back in October of 2006.  Can someone who bought it more recently tell me if the sound issues have been fixed?  I returned this item for a refund and won't be buying it again until Paramount fixes the sound issues.  Parts of the show are very quiet; I had to turn the sound up to even make out the dialog.  Then, a loud part comes on and almost blows my speakers.  This happens multiple times per episode.  Repeat this for six hours.  If I wanted this kind of quality, I'd just download the episodes off the Internet.  There will be a gap in my collection until this is fixed.  I don't know why they can't pay someone $5.15 an hour to watch the DVD once before they make 10 million copies
 Trying to make a film concerning Studio 54 for a mainstream audience is a really bad idea. It's just not possible to do it and actually stay truthful to the climate of that era. Gays had a lot more influence on that scene than the film lets on. From what I understand, the original director's cut was gutted by Miramax before the film was released it and it shows. Other than Mike Meyers portrayal of Steve Rubell, there's hardly a gay character in sight. There's some very good actors in the film and their talents are simply wasted. Thank goodness the good music helped me get through this drivel. Anyone with a taste for fine filmmaking need not bother with this cinematic mistake
 I guess when any era becomes old enough for the "Nostaglia Craze" to hit, we get to see what exagerations get stretched to the point of lying. Case in point the 1950's were NOT such an innocent age, and the 1970's were NOT that wild.I guess when any era becomes old enough for the "Nostaglia Craze" to hit, we get to see what exagerations get stretched to the point of lying. Case in point the 1950's were NOT such an innocent age, and the 1970's were NOT that wild.Studio 54, and the Disco Era in general were about Freedom, Great Music, Great People Watching, and in general having a hell of a goodtime. For the brief period that it ruled the music charts, Disco broke down barriers, and the stars of certain musical genres were able to crossover. I often call 1979 "the year that music got close to the light".Studio 54, and the Disco Era in general were about Freedom, Great Music, Great People Watching, and in general having a hell of a goodtime. For the brief period that it ruled the music charts, Disco broke down barriers, and the stars of certain musical genres were able to crossover. I often call 1979 "the year that music got close to the light".My BIG issue with this movie is that It FAILED to show that for many of us we took advantage of the liberation of Disco's (like 54), and ENJOYED ourselves. It was glamorous, it was over the top, and IT WAS FUN. Amazing as it seems, many of us did not inhail cocaine like air, and for some of us who did indulge, we did not become adicts, or for that matter guilt ladden.My BIG issue with this movie is that It FAILED to show that for many of us we took advantage of the liberation of Disco's (like 54), and ENJOYED ourselves. It was glamorous, it was over the top, and IT WAS FUN. Amazing as it seems, many of us did not inhail cocaine like air, and for some of us who did indulge, we did not become adicts, or for that matter guilt ladden.Clubs like Studio 54 were great palaces that broke down many barriers, and helped us escape the many issues facing the nation in the late 70's.Clubs like Studio 54 were great palaces that broke down many barriers, and helped us escape the many issues facing the nation in the late 70's.Too bad this movie did not convey it.Too bad this movie did not convey it.   
 Wow, what a bore. The old stock footage is uneven and doesn't show enough of the truck. Other footage was taken on the fly when someone happened to have a camera on the street. The song is OK, but once that's over my son walks away. Why would a child who LOVES trucks walk away? Because some guy's voice (which sounds like it's in an echo chamber) comes on talking about a bunch of stuff he can't SEE on the screen. What's on the screen? More garbage stock footage. This looks and sounds like it was slapped together in someone's basement
 I own several Real Wheels movies and thought I would give this one a shot.  I found the picture quality to be less than I expected and the footage seemed out of date.  The narration was dull and boring, and the children's voices screaming the number of the truck to be annoying.  I would recommend any of the  Real Wheels series instead of this - they never fail to please my 3 1/2 year old truck lover
 I'm of the opinion that King's books rarely translate well into movies, and this is no exception. Some of King's work is fantastic,  but unfortunately, a lot of it is simply tired old themes with nothing new. This falls into the latter category.I'm of the opinion that King's books rarely translate well into movies, and this is no exception. Some of King's work is fantastic,  but unfortunately, a lot of it is simply tired old themes with nothing new. This falls into the latter category.A novel about a novelist, and one who has a hard time finding inspiration: Please Mr. King, which college creative writing program did you steal this idea from? The writer's ideas showing up in real life: From whence do these fantastic ideas pour forth?A novel about a novelist, and one who has a hard time finding inspiration: Please Mr. King, which college creative writing program did you steal this idea from? The writer's ideas showing up in real life: From whence do these fantastic ideas pour forth?I won't bother to tell you the ending, because if you have the poor luck to watch the movie, you'll have already guessed it by the time you're half way through. It's all bad and hackneyed, from start to finish.I won't bother to tell you the ending, because if you have the poor luck to watch the movie, you'll have already guessed it by the time you're half way through. It's all bad and hackneyed, from start to finish.I will give Steven King credit for putting his fame to good use though. If anyone without Mr. King's fame and built-in fan base tried to sell a story this trite, their manuscript would never make it through the slush pile. I will give Steven King credit for putting his fame to good use though. If anyone without Mr. King's fame and built-in fan base tried to sell a story this trite, their manuscript would never make it through the slush pile. Maybe it takes a bunch of bad stories like this to turn out gems like the Gunslinger series, but it doesn't mean that we have to watch them
 Filming the story of Gloriana is a virtual guarantee of success for a production studio, from Warner Brothers to BBC. The Virgin Queen still retains her power to enthrall, intrigue and mystify these 500 years after she came to the throne. She was perhaps England's last true absolute monarch, and certainly one of its greatest, if not most famous. Filming the story of Gloriana is a virtual guarantee of success for a production studio, from Warner Brothers to BBC. The Virgin Queen still retains her power to enthrall, intrigue and mystify these 500 years after she came to the throne. She was perhaps England's last true absolute monarch, and certainly one of its greatest, if not most famous. Since the advent of film, she has been one of the most coveted roles to play. Indeed, few monarchs have been so closely chronicled, save perhaps her own father, Henry VIII, and Victoria. Since the advent of film, she has been one of the most coveted roles to play. Indeed, few monarchs have been so closely chronicled, save perhaps her own father, Henry VIII, and Victoria. She has been portrayed by some of the most brilliant actresses: Sarah Bernhardt, Bette Davis, Judi Dench, Judith Anderson, Miranda Richardson, Flora Robson, Cate Blanchett, Helen Mirren, even Quentin Crisp, and most famously, and importantly, Glenda Jackson. She has been portrayed by some of the most brilliant actresses: Sarah Bernhardt, Bette Davis, Judi Dench, Judith Anderson, Miranda Richardson, Flora Robson, Cate Blanchett, Helen Mirren, even Quentin Crisp, and most famously, and importantly, Glenda Jackson. And it must be said without doubt that Glenda Jackson's "Elizabeth R" is the defining portrait-- the most accomplished, historically accurate, and masterfully acted. Glenda Jackson is Elizabeth I reincarnate; there is simply none better, and likely never will be.And it must be said without doubt that Glenda Jackson's "Elizabeth R" is the defining portrait-- the most accomplished, historically accurate, and masterfully acted. Glenda Jackson is Elizabeth I reincarnate; there is simply none better, and likely never will be.So now we have Anne-Marie Duff in the red wig for 230 Masterpiece Theatre minutes. Perhaps for the sake of revisionists, we are offered a far less imperious monarch, one who is both reactive (the real one was) and passive (the real one was not). Duff is an odd choice. No beauty like Cate Blanchett, but Elizabeth was known for vanity, not beauty. Duff's Elizabeth, with quivering lip and watercolor behavior, seems filmed underwater, and make for an undesirable monarch-- certainly not the Gloriana of myth or fact. Where is her famous wit, her coy manipulations, her strong moral fiber, her intense devotion to state and loyal courtiers? Left with Glenda Jackson, I suppose. This Elizabeth is a simpering, love-struck maiden or a crass, 60-something hag (and only then do we see bits of fire in the performance). Hag works; crass manages; simpering loses the whole impact.So now we have Anne-Marie Duff in the red wig for 230 Masterpiece Theatre minutes. Perhaps for the sake of revisionists, we are offered a far less imperious monarch, one who is both reactive (the real one was) and passive (the real one was not). Duff is an odd choice. No beauty like Cate Blanchett, but Elizabeth was known for vanity, not beauty. Duff's Elizabeth, with quivering lip and watercolor behavior, seems filmed underwater, and make for an undesirable monarch-- certainly not the Gloriana of myth or fact. Where is her famous wit, her coy manipulations, her strong moral fiber, her intense devotion to state and loyal courtiers? Left with Glenda Jackson, I suppose. This Elizabeth is a simpering, love-struck maiden or a crass, 60-something hag (and only then do we see bits of fire in the performance). Hag works; crass manages; simpering loses the whole impact.A suavely elegant, very attractive and distinctly healthy Queen Mary I opens Elizabeth's story (no Catharine Parr, no Thomas Seymour, no childhood) but is quickly dispatched. Just as well, for she's thoroughly ill-cast--Mary was none of those things. (Far better was the wonderful Kathy Burke in the Blanchett version, though she was a bit of a Protestant caricature). Daphne Slater in the Jackson series was far more appealing, and perfectly written. A suavely elegant, very attractive and distinctly healthy Queen Mary I opens Elizabeth's story (no Catharine Parr, no Thomas Seymour, no childhood) but is quickly dispatched. Just as well, for she's thoroughly ill-cast--Mary was none of those things. (Far better was the wonderful Kathy Burke in the Blanchett version, though she was a bit of a Protestant caricature). Daphne Slater in the Jackson series was far more appealing, and perfectly written. Elizabeth's transition from prisoner to crown is possibly the greatest story of her long life. No part of her history defines and creates her personality more than these years-- the abuse by Seymour, imprisonment, exile, and finally her accession. Unfortunately, much of this key period is sped through. The fatal flaw in the series is the decision to cast Elizabeth mooning incessantly over Robert Dudley, later Earl of Leicester, here played by a childish, petulant Tom Hardy. There is no chemistry here; he is pretty, but vacant. Glenda Jackson's Dudley, Robert Hardy (no relation that I know of), is a bit of a fop, but he knows his place in court and Elizabeth's heart. Their chemistry is clear. This version of Dudley is a bit ridiculous-- how he would claim the Queen's heart for more than 30 years is a mystery in this performance. So is most of the casting (what's with the acrobat?)Elizabeth's transition from prisoner to crown is possibly the greatest story of her long life. No part of her history defines and creates her personality more than these years-- the abuse by Seymour, imprisonment, exile, and finally her accession. Unfortunately, much of this key period is sped through. The fatal flaw in the series is the decision to cast Elizabeth mooning incessantly over Robert Dudley, later Earl of Leicester, here played by a childish, petulant Tom Hardy. There is no chemistry here; he is pretty, but vacant. Glenda Jackson's Dudley, Robert Hardy (no relation that I know of), is a bit of a fop, but he knows his place in court and Elizabeth's heart. Their chemistry is clear. This version of Dudley is a bit ridiculous-- how he would claim the Queen's heart for more than 30 years is a mystery in this performance. So is most of the casting (what's with the acrobat?)An egregious error in this production is the portrayal of suicide by Dudley's long-suffering wife Amy Robsart, whose death at 26 in 1560 remains to this day a mystery. More time should have been spent on the wooing of Elizabeth by the French Duc d'Alencon, who very nearly came to be her husband (again, the 1971 Glenda Jackson version handles this segment masterfully).An egregious error in this production is the portrayal of suicide by Dudley's long-suffering wife Amy Robsart, whose death at 26 in 1560 remains to this day a mystery. More time should have been spent on the wooing of Elizabeth by the French Duc d'Alencon, who very nearly came to be her husband (again, the 1971 Glenda Jackson version handles this segment masterfully).All too soon and without sufficient explanation, we become immersed in the historically key, decades-long battle of wills and imprisonment of the impetuous Mary, Queen of Scots-- Elizabeth's 2nd cousin, granddaughter of Henry VIII's older sister Margaret, whose claim to the English throne made her a rallying point of Catholics, and a very real threat to Elizabeth (it was Mary's son James who succeeded Elizabeth in 1603, founding the ill-fated House of Stuart). All too soon and without sufficient explanation, we become immersed in the historically key, decades-long battle of wills and imprisonment of the impetuous Mary, Queen of Scots-- Elizabeth's 2nd cousin, granddaughter of Henry VIII's older sister Margaret, whose claim to the English throne made her a rallying point of Catholics, and a very real threat to Elizabeth (it was Mary's son James who succeeded Elizabeth in 1603, founding the ill-fated House of Stuart). Far more attention should have been paid to the case for and subsequent execution of Mary, Queen of Scots, which was Elizabeth's darkest hour-- forever bloodying her saintly propaganda. Likewise, more attention should have been given to Walshingham, Elizabeth's master of subversion, although William Cecil, Lord Burghley, is given fair due.Far more attention should have been paid to the case for and subsequent execution of Mary, Queen of Scots, which was Elizabeth's darkest hour-- forever bloodying her saintly propaganda. Likewise, more attention should have been given to Walshingham, Elizabeth's master of subversion, although William Cecil, Lord Burghley, is given fair due.The decisive Armada happens much too quickly, lessening its impact and giving far too much time to be spent on the stormy relationship of Elizabeth and Robert Devereaux, Earl of Essex, portrayed by Hans Matheson, who is cast and directed as a bad-tempered, bipolar "Mama's Boy" (a very strange Oedipal twist here) whose hair, look and even attire speak far more to 2005 than 1585. The entire second half of the production is brought down by this admittedly strange relationship, here given a basketful of psychological issues left to the viewer to consider unraveling. The casting is awful, the acting mediocre, the personality baffling. This Essex is a wreck-- blame the revisionist director.The decisive Armada happens much too quickly, lessening its impact and giving far too much time to be spent on the stormy relationship of Elizabeth and Robert Devereaux, Earl of Essex, portrayed by Hans Matheson, who is cast and directed as a bad-tempered, bipolar "Mama's Boy" (a very strange Oedipal twist here) whose hair, look and even attire speak far more to 2005 than 1585. The entire second half of the production is brought down by this admittedly strange relationship, here given a basketful of psychological issues left to the viewer to consider unraveling. The casting is awful, the acting mediocre, the personality baffling. This Essex is a wreck-- blame the revisionist director.Two significant annoyances: Elizabeth's (Duff's) accent isn't simply London middle-class, which would be fine, but stands in stark contrast to everyone else's appropriate English diction and clarity. She comes off as a guttersnipe. And worse of all-- distracting to the utmost-- is the incessant soundtrack that dominates--and not pleasantly-- the action and plot of the movie. The sheer volume of it is horrendous, to say nothing of the attempts at mixing courtly historical period music with Essex's electric guitar.Two significant annoyances: Elizabeth's (Duff's) accent isn't simply London middle-class, which would be fine, but stands in stark contrast to everyone else's appropriate English diction and clarity. She comes off as a guttersnipe. And worse of all-- distracting to the utmost-- is the incessant soundtrack that dominates--and not pleasantly-- the action and plot of the movie. The sheer volume of it is horrendous, to say nothing of the attempts at mixing courtly historical period music with Essex's electric guitar.My suggestion here is to rent this one, watch it as long as you can, and then return to Davis, Blanchett, Jackson, or even Dench. Overall, a disappointment. Were it not for 95% historical accuracy and enjoyable period costumes-- plus the decent acting (most of the problems are the director's fault, don't blame the actors), it would have earned one star. But this Queen is no legend, and this cast is horrendous. An inglorious Gloriana.
 As much as I like Paul Newman, this movie is very disappointing once you've seen the far-superior film "Day One".  The portrayal of Oppenheimer and Groves is overly dramatic and totally unlike the behavior of real professional people.  The movie dwells on romantic side stories instead of fleshing out the history and science of the Manhatten project.As much as I like Paul Newman, this movie is very disappointing once you've seen the far-superior film "Day One".  The portrayal of Oppenheimer and Groves is overly dramatic and totally unlike the behavior of real professional people.  The movie dwells on romantic side stories instead of fleshing out the history and science of the Manhatten project.Be sure to see "Day One" if you are interested in this, and give this film a miss
 Be sure to see "Day One" if you are interested in this, and give this film a missThere's a saying: "No one sets out to make a bad movie."  BROTHERS GRIMM (Miramax) might prove otherwise.  Near the beginning of his commentary, the usually brilliant Terry Gilliam actually says, "I didn't like the script, but I was out of work."  Not a good sign but an honest admission from the former Python.There's a saying: "No one sets out to make a bad movie."  BROTHERS GRIMM (Miramax) might prove otherwise.  Near the beginning of his commentary, the usually brilliant Terry Gilliam actually says, "I didn't like the script, but I was out of work."  Not a good sign but an honest admission from the former Python.Although wonderfully visualized, the Czech locations can't make-up for the muddled mess of a screenplay culled from perhaps the richest mother lode of raw story material available anywhere: The collected fairy tales of Wilhem and Jacob Grimm.  Although wonderfully visualized, the Czech locations can't make-up for the muddled mess of a screenplay culled from perhaps the richest mother lode of raw story material available anywhere: The collected fairy tales of Wilhem and Jacob Grimm.  In spite of stars Heath Ledger and Matt Damon as con artist exorcists who encounter real evil, a great poster and an OK trailer, audiences rightfully stayed away via quick word of mouth ("incomprehensible" "unwatchable"). Worthy extras of interest mainly to budding filmmakers are Gilliam's commentary and the featurette: "The Visual Magic of the Brothers Grimm.
 Don't waste your time. I usually give low budget horror a chance and I have an open mind, but this movie is utterly ridiculous. 
 To be fair, the legends of Herakles, as they were originally written, have little to do with this movie, but maybe that's for the best.  Having grown up on Superman, Batman and the Justice League, I have a hard time calling a person like Herakles a hero.  In the original legends, he was a warrior, but also a brute who eventually wound up killing his wife and children in a fit of rage.  He also wasn't, as far as I can tell, as strong as in this version.Therefore, interpretations of Herakles are, I think, to be judged not on whether or not they deviate from the legend, but on where and why.Disney has attempted to take Herakles (or Hercules, in the Roman) and make it a story about a true hero, and a perfect one at that.  There's nothing I like more than perfect heroes.  They inspire me.  Conceptually, I like the idea.Instead of Herakles being the illegitimate son of Zeus and a mortal woman, he's conceived in love by Zeus and Hera and turned mortal by a potion.  Not bad.  As changes go, it works better than most.Herc meets Meg at the beginning of his hero carreer and falls instantly in love with her and she with him (another deviation from the legend, and a very good improvement.)  Of course, because Hera is his mother in this version, she can't be Herc's enemy, so they make his opponent Hades; lord of the dead, which could be worse, as changes go.  I've never seen Hades as being all that bad of a guy, but that's how it goes.  Then there's the Hydra, which is, if anything, much larger and more powerful than it was originally, so that's good too.  Aside from this, however, I have to say I was disappointed with most of the changes.The titans, to start with, were underplayed considerably.  It might have been premature to mention that they were Zeus' predecessors, but they could at least have given them powers similar to what they actually had, and a roughly-similar appearance.  Oceanus, for example, lashing out with blasts of water from his hands like a fire hose, or Cronos reversing the movements of his olympian enemies would have made for an excellent action sequence, particularly since Hercules didn't beat the titans alone in the original stories, nor does it make sense that he should in this one (grabbing a whirlwind?  Come ON now.)I actually didn't mind Hades' used-car-salesman demeanor all that much, though I didn't see a reason why he should have flame-based powers when that's clearly Apollo's territory.  Further, I thought most of the Gods and Muses were given no credit at all in terms of their innately glorious nature.Why is this the case?  I think Disney made the mistake, in this film, of not just trying to make the legends clean, but FUN as well, and there's nothing fun about war.  I'm not saying they couldn't have made the concept work.  In fact, I'm saying they could have made it work if they'd toned down the comedy and given the characters a bit of respect (Justice League style.)Still, for what it's worth, this is one of the few movies left in the world that isn't afraid to dwell on the concept of a hero, and for that it's worth at least one viewing.  Rent it from your local video store, in my opinion, before you make your decision
 This is poorly casted and scripted movie, has only one thing going for it, No annoying Chevy Chase around to make unfunny jokes, he did not have too, The cast here do that in abundance
 This is the first time I have ever purchased a "The Firm" dvd.  I was really disappointed in this one.  Many of the moves are not properly explained.  Some movements target only one side of the body and they don't bother having you switch sides to work the other.  (really obvious in the salsa style section) It took a few times of doing to get all the moves right, but even after that it barely raises the heart rate.  The warm up leaves much to be desired. The cool down continues the "dance" movements but at a "slower" rate and stretching the neck for one second on each side and the inner thigh for one second here and those are not enough to even make you realize that you are stretching. I am used to Denise Austin workouts, that are half the length but you actually feel like you did something when you are done.  Not so with this "workout" at all.  Definately a waste for someone who isn't just starting out. 
 Pearl Jam seem to be making a comeback witht their live performances at present, but this DVD shows the band at a less than impressive peak.They all look like they're pretty bored (especially compared with their previous shows) and have eaten to much throughout the tour before going on stage.They all look like they're pretty bored (especially compared with their previous shows) and have eaten to much throughout the tour before going on stage.A good DVD to avoid
 Pearl Jam used to be good, now they're just a joke and this DVD shows it.Do not buy this its awful.They were great until after 1998
 Ladder 49 was not the type of film I expected-- I was hoping for a good, fast-paced action flick, which I got for about the first 5 minutes. The remainder of the 30 minutes that I watched was flashback to the rookie firefighter's first days at the station. Ladder 49 was not the type of film I expected-- I was hoping for a good, fast-paced action flick, which I got for about the first 5 minutes. The remainder of the 30 minutes that I watched was flashback to the rookie firefighter's first days at the station. Someone looking for drama and a story about the growth of a firefighter would probably like this movie. However, those looking for action should probably look elsewhere
 I have been a huge fan of L. M. Montgomery's work since I was an eleven-year old girl living in the Caribbean.  I've read and re-read, and re-read her stories again and again, and can't seem to get enough.  The first two film installments in the Anne of Green Gables story are warm, beautiful, funny, inspiring and moving pieces of work, that are more or less faithful to Montgomery's original novels.I have been a huge fan of L. M. Montgomery's work since I was an eleven-year old girl living in the Caribbean.  I've read and re-read, and re-read her stories again and again, and can't seem to get enough.  The first two film installments in the Anne of Green Gables story are warm, beautiful, funny, inspiring and moving pieces of work, that are more or less faithful to Montgomery's original novels.The third installment is a travesty.The third installment is a travesty.Anachronism, bad dialogue, bad plot and plain old bad acting plague this "sequel".  I say "sequel" in quotes, because the thing I dislike the most about the movie is the fact that the storyline is a complete departure from what Montgomery had envisioned for Anne so long ago.  What a way to end it.Anachronism, bad dialogue, bad plot and plain old bad acting plague this "sequel".  I say "sequel" in quotes, because the thing I dislike the most about the movie is the fact that the storyline is a complete departure from what Montgomery had envisioned for Anne so long ago.  What a way to end it.That said, I've decided to purchase only the first two installments, and leave the third alone.  I prefer to have Anne and Gilbert live out their literary lives in my imagination, than to poison my memory of them with the drivel that is Anne of Green Gables: The Continuing Story
 American Pie: an immature, mindless, vapid, boring, blandly disgusting, humor lacking piece of over-rated trash packed full of cliches, highschool sterotypes, annoying horny teenaged behavior performed by a wonderful cast of grade A douchebags.
 The lack of Liam neeson and raimi's directing is what ruined this movie for me. While Mr. Vasloo is superb in his taking on the burden of the Liam created character and mr. Drake always has appeal, the movie as a whole needed a much better script. It was too predicatble, too phoney.On the bonus side, they did manage to keep the hapahazard and crazy comments Darkman makes during chases and fight scenes in tact, so that was a plus
 This is one of my favorite romantic comedies.  It is funny, touching, and has some of my favorite actors in it.  And it doesn't only center around the main characters but has a great ensemble cast of very interesting people!
 Absolutely unwatchable. Cliche-ridden. So silly it's very nearly offensive. It's like watching one long music video by a B-level rapper - full of dumb, beautiful women, buff, monkey-headed ghetto thugs, and jokey tricked-out cars. Without a doubt one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The script is laughable, the acting worse. Vin Diesel and Paul Walker are more "Dumb and Dumber" than "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid". Awful
 A dull dull movie that perpetuates stereotypes of latinos in the US and abroad. I was very bored with this movie and found the plot to be very insulting. I enjoyed seeing some of my favorite latino actors and performers on the big screen, but for a somewhat mainstreamed movie that one can buy in target, I think it's just a shame. A dull dull movie that perpetuates stereotypes of latinos in the US and abroad. I was very bored with this movie and found the plot to be very insulting. I enjoyed seeing some of my favorite latino actors and performers on the big screen, but for a somewhat mainstreamed movie that one can buy in target, I think it's just a shame. The whole cast was pretty much of Latin America origin, but that did not do much to glorify latinos as capable and deserving actors on the spotlight. The plot and dialogue dehumanizies and insults many.
 the film is pretty lightweight on a whole but it has a nice charm with a well known Hollywood cliche in film making.I applaud the effort.the chicks in this Film are Happening Babes Fo SHO.but there ain't much to the Film but it has some fun to it
 ok, I've only just seen this film for the first time, so it's hard to really judge the social impact it had 13 years ago and its importance in that respect, but this is not a particularly good film.ok, I've only just seen this film for the first time, so it's hard to really judge the social impact it had 13 years ago and its importance in that respect, but this is not a particularly good film.I mean, it has its choice moments where it really comes together. the shot of caine downing a 40 in the korean grocers is imaginitively directed. any scene with o-dog is almost guaranteed classic status. samuel jackson's in it. and if you're a fan of dave chapelle's tyrone biggums crackhead character, the token crackhead in this film is worth a few laughs for his to-the-tee similarity.I mean, it has its choice moments where it really comes together. the shot of caine downing a 40 in the korean grocers is imaginitively directed. any scene with o-dog is almost guaranteed classic status. samuel jackson's in it. and if you're a fan of dave chapelle's tyrone biggums crackhead character, the token crackhead in this film is worth a few laughs for his to-the-tee similarity.but that's really my problem with this film. serious issues are reduced to a series of ham-fisted archetypes straight out of central casting. and they're ALL here: the homey black grandparents, the nation of islam convert, the socially conscious mother whose son is starting to go down caine's road... all characters that might fare better in a different film that treats these issues with more subtlety and depth.but that's really my problem with this film. serious issues are reduced to a series of ham-fisted archetypes straight out of central casting. and they're ALL here: the homey black grandparents, the nation of islam convert, the socially conscious mother whose son is starting to go down caine's road... all characters that might fare better in a different film that treats these issues with more subtlety and depth.take the french film 'la haine', for instance. it clearly took a lot of inspiration from menace 2 society, boyz n tha hood, etc., but its characters actually feel tormented, instead of just having lots of scenes written FOR them to show their torment. rather than just running through a laundry list of problems, one-by-one, scene-by-scene, it really gets to the heart of something bigger, some grander alienation that urban youths feel, which is what menace 2 society would like to be able to do. plus, if you can believe it, the hip-hop in 'la haine' is quite a bit better.take the french film 'la haine', for instance. it clearly took a lot of inspiration from menace 2 society, boyz n tha hood, etc., but its characters actually feel tormented, instead of just having lots of scenes written FOR them to show their torment. rather than just running through a laundry list of problems, one-by-one, scene-by-scene, it really gets to the heart of something bigger, some grander alienation that urban youths feel, which is what menace 2 society would like to be able to do. plus, if you can believe it, the hip-hop in 'la haine' is quite a bit better.so while I would definitely recommend seeing this film, keep the remote aimed and ready, finger on the fast-forward button. maybe about a half-hour of this film is really worth watching, whereas the other 70 minutes are mostly just dull moralising. oh yeah, and there's a really embarrassing-to-watch sex scene thrown in for no particular reason. oh, also, the filmmakers apparently think people who have just been shot look like they are being electrocuted while spitting out cherry slurpees. in a film that didn't try to carry so much social weight, that kind of thing would be ok because you could laugh it off as bad filmmaking, but it really just cheapens this one
 The kit was not worth its price. The spatial effect is poor. I've been watching some much better 3d movies with much cheaper red-blue paper glasses.  No, I don't have visual problem, and I rigged up everything correctly.The kit was not worth its price. The spatial effect is poor. I've been watching some much better 3d movies with much cheaper red-blue paper glasses.  No, I don't have visual problem, and I rigged up everything correctly.The DVDs itself were not interesting. My kids were not impressed much. It were not made me happier with the pack.The DVDs itself were not interesting. My kids were not impressed much. It were not made me happier with the pack.Sorry this review seems against the others, but it is my truth. I've stored it back into the box.Sorry this review seems against the others, but it is my truth. I've stored it back into the box.I don't recommend this for you
 For months, Disney advertised this as a 2-Disc Special Edition DVD. But at the last minute, that second disc mysteriously disappeared. WHY? This is false advertising, and if I had my way, Disney would have a big fat lawsuit on their hands. It's unfair to force people who really want a 2-Disc to pay very expensive import prices to get one from the UK and to those of us who don't own a region-free player. They did this same crap to Alice In Wonderland, but the other way around. UK lost a disc that we have, and Paramount and Fox have done this to US fans of Titanic by dropping the 2-and-4-disc editions in the US, but not in the UK, and giving fans in the US a 3-Disc edition. I don't understand why these movie companies can't be consistent with their international releases and simply make a single version available for all people all over the world.For months, Disney advertised this as a 2-Disc Special Edition DVD. But at the last minute, that second disc mysteriously disappeared. WHY? This is false advertising, and if I had my way, Disney would have a big fat lawsuit on their hands. It's unfair to force people who really want a 2-Disc to pay very expensive import prices to get one from the UK and to those of us who don't own a region-free player. They did this same crap to Alice In Wonderland, but the other way around. UK lost a disc that we have, and Paramount and Fox have done this to US fans of Titanic by dropping the 2-and-4-disc editions in the US, but not in the UK, and giving fans in the US a 3-Disc edition. I don't understand why these movie companies can't be consistent with their international releases and simply make a single version available for all people all over the world.Unfortunately, I have chosen not to buy this crappy excuse for a "Special Edition" DVD. I do not appreciate being lied to. I still love Disney movies as well as the excellent DVD editions, when Disney actually releases the product they've advertised for months, and I will continue to buy the QUALITY DVD releases, but I do not enjoy false advertisement
 This movie was so boring and stupid, I turned it off after about 45 minutes.  Maybe I had a poor copy, but I could barely understand what Paula Prentiss was saying -- and it wasn't because she was &quot;under the influence!&quot;  I ran it back a few times but still couldn't make it out.  From the other reviewers, it sounds like it got better but, if something doesn't grab my attention after 30 minutes, I say forget it
 I loved the original movie, and I love Johnny Depp so I thought this movie would be awesome.Wrong wrong wrong!! First of all, the child actors were horrible, well the Charlie and Mike characters were ok, but the two girl actors were the worst I've seen in a long time. And what did they do to Johnny Depp? He was so creepy and weird. I took my nine year old to see it in the theater, and even she almost fell asleep. If you really want a treat watch the original with Gene Wilder
 I found this movie very poor and totally a waste of my time.  It's plot needs to be rewritten and it does not contain a deeper meaning.  The ending was very disapointing and without proper conclusion. Denzel Washington did a great job playing the detective and John Goodman is a very good actor yet the other charaters did not do thier job and was poorly acted. My recommendation is to stay away from this movie and save your money. Buy somthing that has a good plot. D- is my ratin
 i practically fell asleep while watching this tape, the girl doing the exercises isn't even saying anything while she's doing it. It's a voice over! also she's all alone in a blank room. All the exercises are basically the same. I would suggest Mtv Pilates. It's a lot more fun
 I bought this DVD to replace a worn Video from the BBC(British Broadcasting Commission). It was a bit of a shock. The original film has been edited and chopped up with bits of rubbish added through. It also now has a poor voice over. The whole feel of the film has been removed. All the PBS...and viewers like your rubbish? Where'd that come from. It was totallly funded via the BBC. The PBS editions mess up may have been funded by someone else. My copy is going Free as I won't be watching it again.I bought this DVD to replace a worn Video from the BBC(British Broadcasting Commission). It was a bit of a shock. The original film has been edited and chopped up with bits of rubbish added through. It also now has a poor voice over. The whole feel of the film has been removed. All the PBS...and viewers like your rubbish? Where'd that come from. It was totallly funded via the BBC. The PBS editions mess up may have been funded by someone else. My copy is going Free as I won't be watching it again.Sincerely, do yourself a favour and source out a BBC edition. I give it (5 Stars)It is an awesome package. Inspiring and well told. Something to watch again and again(Hence I've worn out the video cassette
 opened the sealed DVD case and Get Shorty was inside and not the Usual Suspects.   I sent it back requesting a replacement and did not get a replacement.  I got a credit, I think.  Not sure.  I would rather just have the correct movie
 I really want to give this piece of garbage a Zero. Actually, I only watched part of one episode, I don't know if it's from season one. I am a Columbo fan, and a detective writer. I saw a sniper shoot a man on a platform. The platform was almost located right up against a building the sniper was in! A toilet with flowers in it. He reacts to colds? I saw a classroom full of kids. EVERY ONE had a cold! Not very realistic. Kiddie video game pacing, with no proper build up. They don't make stuff for intelligent people anymore! If you are new to this series, watch some before you buy. Maybe some of it is ok. 
 some idiot edited this and put two bars on the top and bottom that are part of the video so in you watch this on a laptop or widescreen tv you will also get two bars on this side.  this means that when you view it, it takes up about 25-35% of the screen with four black bars taking up most of the screen.  i could not even watch 5 minutes of this.  complete trash.
 The original CSI series is FANTASTIC because you figure out the crimes by finding the evidence.  This series uses the CSI name without the investigating that makes the original so good.  It is mainly a mellow-drama surrounding the lives of the characters.  Some people will like the drama the writers have put togethor, but there's no mystery
 Honestly, nothing about this show grabs me. I'm surprised this show gets such high Nielsen ratings every week. The writers tend to come up with similar stories all the time. But the biggest flaw is the acting. It is really laughable. Me and my friends watch this sometimes to laugh at how ridiculous everyone seems to be. Horatio Caine talks in a slow drawl all the time, saying the stupidest and most obvious things. Calleigh is always smiling at everyone and everything up to the point it gets irritating. None of the C.S.I team displays any emotion whatsoever, oh...except Horatio when he over does it. Honestly, nothing about this show grabs me. I'm surprised this show gets such high Nielsen ratings every week. The writers tend to come up with similar stories all the time. But the biggest flaw is the acting. It is really laughable. Me and my friends watch this sometimes to laugh at how ridiculous everyone seems to be. Horatio Caine talks in a slow drawl all the time, saying the stupidest and most obvious things. Calleigh is always smiling at everyone and everything up to the point it gets irritating. None of the C.S.I team displays any emotion whatsoever, oh...except Horatio when he over does it. The stories are also terribly boring and utterly predictable. If there's a V.I.P suspect with a "history" with Horatio, yup...you guessed it, he's involved (either directly or indirectly). And also, if the suspect appears in about 10 minutes into the show...yea, it's not him. And Calleigh gets "evidence" such as DNA from saliva etc almost every episode using her sexuality. I mean, once or twice is alright...but I've seen about 8-10 episodes and she does it all the time. Every criminal here is an idiot, they are sure to leave all kinds of huge "clues" leading to them or their alliances. And every crime gets solved all the time. Oh, and is it just me or does the C.S.I team seem to know everything under the sun at their fingertips, no need for books or researching, they already have it that big brain of theirs. Think that's unlikely? Exactly my point.The stories are also terribly boring and utterly predictable. If there's a V.I.P suspect with a "history" with Horatio, yup...you guessed it, he's involved (either directly or indirectly). And also, if the suspect appears in about 10 minutes into the show...yea, it's not him. And Calleigh gets "evidence" such as DNA from saliva etc almost every episode using her sexuality. I mean, once or twice is alright...but I've seen about 8-10 episodes and she does it all the time. Every criminal here is an idiot, they are sure to leave all kinds of huge "clues" leading to them or their alliances. And every crime gets solved all the time. Oh, and is it just me or does the C.S.I team seem to know everything under the sun at their fingertips, no need for books or researching, they already have it that big brain of theirs. Think that's unlikely? Exactly my point.In short, I wouldn't move appointments or hurry home to watch this show. In fact, even if someone gives me this DVD set as a gift, I would probably keep it aside or maybe present it to someoene else. Watch this show if you're REALLY bored, with nothing else to do and no better use of your time. If you want real Crime Scene Investigation, watch the original C.S.I, Las Vegas. That's the best C.S.I....period
 This is his absolute WORST videos, not his BEST.  You are missing tons of classic moments such as:  When Doves Cry, Let's Go Crazy, Mountains, Girls and Boys, Batdance, Partyman, Scandalous, Automatic, Why You Wanna Treat Me So Bad?, Sexuality, I Wish U Heaven, Glam Slam, Anotherloverholenyohead, America, and Thieves In The Temple.  This is a crime.  When is the real DVD coming out
 I'm a fan of the 1999 "The Mummy" and was understandably looking forward to this sequel. In the summer of 2001 I went to catch it at the theater with two friends and after about ten minutes we were all bored senseless by the incredible bombardment of action and F/X. We just layed back in our seats for the next two hours in utter tedium.  I'm a fan of the 1999 "The Mummy" and was understandably looking forward to this sequel. In the summer of 2001 I went to catch it at the theater with two friends and after about ten minutes we were all bored senseless by the incredible bombardment of action and F/X. We just layed back in our seats for the next two hours in utter tedium.  It's a curious thing that too much action (and F/X) in a film can be boring. It may not seem logical but it's true, and "The Mummy Returns" is Exibit A. I recently considered the possibility that my first impression may have been in error so I decided to re-watch it after over five years. Yet, after a mere 10-15 minutes I was again completely detached from the picture, even though there were all kinds of exciting things going on, or, at least, things that SHOULD HAVE been exciting.  It's a curious thing that too much action (and F/X) in a film can be boring. It may not seem logical but it's true, and "The Mummy Returns" is Exibit A. I recently considered the possibility that my first impression may have been in error so I decided to re-watch it after over five years. Yet, after a mere 10-15 minutes I was again completely detached from the picture, even though there were all kinds of exciting things going on, or, at least, things that SHOULD HAVE been exciting.  "The Mummy Returns" has a lot going for it: A great cast, locations, costumes, cinematography, F/X, etc. In addition it has a great Indiana Jones appeal. Unfortunately it all adds up to a cinematic piece of excrement. What went wrong? Simply put, no substance. "The Mummy Returns" abandons the characters, and the plot is utilized simply as a flimsy clothesline for action and F/X sequences."The Mummy Returns" has a lot going for it: A great cast, locations, costumes, cinematography, F/X, etc. In addition it has a great Indiana Jones appeal. Unfortunately it all adds up to a cinematic piece of excrement. What went wrong? Simply put, no substance. "The Mummy Returns" abandons the characters, and the plot is utilized simply as a flimsy clothesline for action and F/X sequences.FINAL ANALYSIS: "The Mummy Returns" has so many ingredients right, but it somehow utterly fails. It's unadulterated cinematic JUNK. It should be utilized in filmmaking classes as the quintessential example of style over substance -- having all the right elements, including budget, and stupefyingly fumbling the ball. FINAL ANALYSIS: "The Mummy Returns" has so many ingredients right, but it somehow utterly fails. It's unadulterated cinematic JUNK. It should be utilized in filmmaking classes as the quintessential example of style over substance -- having all the right elements, including budget, and stupefyingly fumbling the ball. Needless to say this could have been a great film franchise, but it was not to be. "Returns" put an end to that.  
 Charlize Theron, her real life boyfriend Stuart Townsend, and Penelope Cruz are all nice to look at, and have at times shown considerable tlane in their work, Theron having won as Osca for her role in Monster.Charlize Theron, her real life boyfriend Stuart Townsend, and Penelope Cruz are all nice to look at, and have at times shown considerable tlane in their work, Theron having won as Osca for her role in Monster.But Head In The Clouds is one of those beautifully filmed films starring a beautiful cast that trying to stay beautiful in an increasingly ugly world, particularly Europe in the 1930s. From the Spanish Civil War to World War II, the stories of these three people who share a Paris flat together is supposed to be a sweeping tragedy that shows how world events and fate can conspire to thwart true love.But Head In The Clouds is one of those beautifully filmed films starring a beautiful cast that trying to stay beautiful in an increasingly ugly world, particularly Europe in the 1930s. From the Spanish Civil War to World War II, the stories of these three people who share a Paris flat together is supposed to be a sweeping tragedy that shows how world events and fate can conspire to thwart true love.Instead, it shows how silly things can be when you mix hedonism, narcissism, social responsbility, and sheer stupidity. You end up caring less about the characters, andwondering more how much more trouble will they get themselves in. This was a pretty stylish waste of time for everyone involved
 One of the worst movies i've ever seen, no real plot and acting is as bad as it can get. Not even Samuel Jackson's appearance saves this sorry excuse for a movie. Horrible. Awful
 I could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern's classic - while the set design and special FX are state of the art, as usual for a Tim Burton film, the actual movie is hard to watch. Why? Depp's "performance" is chock full of ticks and mannerisms, off-putting, flat, self-absorbed, and finally, one-note. Rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 Gene Wilder version, Burton's film is more horror than fantasy, often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare.  While deliberate on Burton's part, that doesn't make the final product any more watchable. It's one grim, dismal, downward spiral slog. Not much holidday fun, huh? As with most of Burton's other big, expensive failures, he knows how to CREATE a convincing world, but has no clue how to POPULATE it with characters and situations we identify with and/or could care less about.  The final result is a film that's like a fragile, hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar, but hard to get attached to, much less involved with. What a waste of millions of studio $$$
 This movie was quite honestly one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  As a huge Colin Firth fan originally from a small town in Vermont, I thought that no matter what I had heard about the film I would enjoy it.  Unfortunately,  I was wrong.      The main problem of the film was characterization.  There were oftentimes no motivations or explanations whatsoever for the character's actions.  One minute, the small town girl played by Heather Graham is working at a nursing home, then she's downing alcohol, then she's jumping around naked for absolutely no apparent reason (in fact, she doesn't even seem drunk), and all this entices the character Colin Firth to jump into bed with her.  I think the Heather Graham character is supposed to be quirky, but because of the script and the way the film is cut, she comes off as schitsophrenic and unlikable.  Then suddenly they are in a serious relationship which Colin dives into wholeheartedly even though he is supposed to be recovering from a breakup with his fiance (and this is no rebound relationship).  Basically, the movie continues along this vein, with Minnie Driver showing up as the dark-haired British ex-fiance who you can't see ever having had a relationship with Colin (both actors are better in the much superior movie Circle of Friends).  In any case, there are many more unexplained actions and wierd breakups/get back togethers before the movie thankfully ends.    Additionally, the setting is completely misused, beginning with the sign that says more than 18,000 people live in Hope.  In New England, that does not classify as a small town.  They could have used the autumn setting and American-ness of the people as restorative to the Colin character.  The suggestion of that is there, but it is never demonstrated - instead, they go to a spot that is supposed to be nice and the Heather Graham character downs a bottle of booze, and Colin Firth's character has no real explanation or feeling in his portraits of the town's people.  Although the hotel owners are fun, if unrealistic, the mayor has been written as if he were a cartoon character.     Finally, I don't neccessarily blame the actors for this awful movie, with the wierd cutting, it may have seemed like a good idea at the time.  I think Colin Firth does his best at being an ambigious, but still likeable guy.  Heather Graham, aside from not coming off as a small town girl at all, has absolutely nothing to work with, so you can't even blame her for the horrendous character she has.  And everyone else, including Minnie Driver, is a complete caricature, although Minnie Driver incites some of the few amusing moments in the film.    I feel bad to judge this movie so harshly, but it is unneccessarily bad, and I had been hoping for something at least fun.  These actors all have much better movies out there.
 Here's the "Awful Truth": Here's the "Awful Truth": That you would be willing to let this man, a raving, terminally obese, incoherent highschool dropout, who is to truth what a lead block smeared with ketchup is to cheesecake---that you would let this man literally plunge his hamburger-grease stained mitts into your skull, forming the mushy stuff of your brain into little foamy pink chunks of liberal pabulum.That you would be willing to let this man, a raving, terminally obese, incoherent highschool dropout, who is to truth what a lead block smeared with ketchup is to cheesecake---that you would let this man literally plunge his hamburger-grease stained mitts into your skull, forming the mushy stuff of your brain into little foamy pink chunks of liberal pabulum.And that you would pay him money to render the service!And that you would pay him money to render the service!Yes, you could watch all of the episodes in "The Awful Truth": you would, no doubt, feel smug and superior to all those unenlightened troglodytes who voted for Bush. You might giggle a bit, which is a common side-effect of a political lobotomy.Yes, you could watch all of the episodes in "The Awful Truth": you would, no doubt, feel smug and superior to all those unenlightened troglodytes who voted for Bush. You might giggle a bit, which is a common side-effect of a political lobotomy.But at the end of the day, it is far better that you take your lead from antiquity: when Oedipus realized his own version of the "Awful Truth"---that he had whacked Pa, gotten jiggy with Ma, and generally made an a** of himself---he stabbed out his own eyeballs. But at the end of the day, it is far better that you take your lead from antiquity: when Oedipus realized his own version of the "Awful Truth"---that he had whacked Pa, gotten jiggy with Ma, and generally made an a** of himself---he stabbed out his own eyeballs. Might I recommend the white-hot iron pokers?Might I recommend the white-hot iron pokers?JS
 I preface all of my DVD reviews with the following note: There are more than enough film reviews on Amazon.com and, quite frankly, it's a bit ridiculous. A person can scroll through scores/pages of reviews without reading a single sentence about the quality of the DVD. If you want to review or discuss a film, go to IMDB. If you're reviewing the DVD, speak to the qualities (or lack thereof) of the audio and video; mention your opinions of the plot, acting, etc. but please don't write an essay!I preface all of my DVD reviews with the following note: There are more than enough film reviews on Amazon.com and, quite frankly, it's a bit ridiculous. A person can scroll through scores/pages of reviews without reading a single sentence about the quality of the DVD. If you want to review or discuss a film, go to IMDB. If you're reviewing the DVD, speak to the qualities (or lack thereof) of the audio and video; mention your opinions of the plot, acting, etc. but please don't write an essay!Now, on to my review of The Ghost and the Darkness on DVD.Now, on to my review of The Ghost and the Darkness on DVD.I remember wanting to see this movie when I was younger (when it was first released), but it wasn't until my sophomore year of college that I bought the DVD in order to write a term paper comparing the film to actual history. In terms of Hollywood, it's fairly accurate. The film itself, as entertainment, is great (it seems some people are analyzing it as if it were a documentary???). I'm a fan of both Douglas and Kilmer; they're fine here, but they've definitely done better work elsewhere. The plot moves along nicely and creates some definite tension and suspense. Additionally, the photography is beautiful and the soundtrack is great, too.I remember wanting to see this movie when I was younger (when it was first released), but it wasn't until my sophomore year of college that I bought the DVD in order to write a term paper comparing the film to actual history. In terms of Hollywood, it's fairly accurate. The film itself, as entertainment, is great (it seems some people are analyzing it as if it were a documentary???). I'm a fan of both Douglas and Kilmer; they're fine here, but they've definitely done better work elsewhere. The plot moves along nicely and creates some definite tension and suspense. Additionally, the photography is beautiful and the soundtrack is great, too.Now the bad news: the DVD sucks. Period. And I'm not even complaining about the lack of extras here. The transfer is absolutely criminal, and those responsible for it should never work on another DVD project ever again. The print is clear and solid, but the aspect ratio is not correct AT ALL. I was mortified when I popped it into my player, only to be rewarded with a distorted image. Absolutely shameful...This film deserves a new anamorphic transfer in its original aspect ratio.Now the bad news: the DVD sucks. Period. And I'm not even complaining about the lack of extras here. The transfer is absolutely criminal, and those responsible for it should never work on another DVD project ever again. The print is clear and solid, but the aspect ratio is not correct AT ALL. I was mortified when I popped it into my player, only to be rewarded with a distorted image. Absolutely shameful...This film deserves a new anamorphic transfer in its original aspect ratio.VIDEO: C-AUDIO: AFILM:  B
 I did not much enjoy this film, and I didn't find it very clever or funny. I did not much enjoy this film, and I didn't find it very clever or funny. It's true, as other amazon reviewers have noted, that Citizen Ruth stereotypes both sides of the abortion issue. Does that make it an intelligent and even-handed comic treatment of a complex topic? No, indeed.It's true, as other amazon reviewers have noted, that Citizen Ruth stereotypes both sides of the abortion issue. Does that make it an intelligent and even-handed comic treatment of a complex topic? No, indeed.Along the way, it also stereotypes poor people, middle class people, teenagers, drug addicts, Christians, and Vietnam veterans. That doesn't make it funny, though, because the satire is so heavy-handed and predictable. Simply tackling an important social topic, like abortion, isn't going to give a film the heft to generate either drama or humor. In my opinion, the film's pretentious take on a big issue just makes it creepy. There were too many close-ups of earnest, wide-pored, and angry faces. And Burt Reynolds as the national leader of the anti-abortion crowd was just peculiar. What was he doing in this film? And what are we supposed to make of his relationship with the young Eric?Along the way, it also stereotypes poor people, middle class people, teenagers, drug addicts, Christians, and Vietnam veterans. That doesn't make it funny, though, because the satire is so heavy-handed and predictable. Simply tackling an important social topic, like abortion, isn't going to give a film the heft to generate either drama or humor. In my opinion, the film's pretentious take on a big issue just makes it creepy. There were too many close-ups of earnest, wide-pored, and angry faces. And Burt Reynolds as the national leader of the anti-abortion crowd was just peculiar. What was he doing in this film? And what are we supposed to make of his relationship with the young Eric?Laura Dern is a talented actress, and she does a creditable job with this part -- which because it straddles genres was a challenging one. But her talent couldn't redeem this film for me
 I have never been a Demi Moore fan, but this movie is even worse than I imagined it would be. My kids picked it up in the videotheque. I decided to give it a fair chance and watched it together with them. Demi's acting is rather passionless, poor and disconnected. She looks old too ! She doesn't succeed at all in portraying a woman who is ravaged by the loss of her only child and by her own stupid fault and selfishness too. After just eight months after the tragedy she wanders off to some remote spot in Scotland to write a new novel. Yeah, sure. That's what I would do after losing my only child. I probably would be in utter shock for another 200 years or so. After five minutes you don't care at all what happens to her and what fate befalls her. You can see the few twists and turns in the plot coming miles before they happen. And all the illogical things start to get annoying very quickly. A guy who is alone on an island for years who doesn't know how to cook a fish and succeeds in burning it. And who puts the spare key to his home out in the open on the sill above the door in a place that is battered by gales almost weekly. A mobile phone that functions in the middle of nowhere. I expected a film with supernatural elements, but boy did I get fooled. Some of the photography and scenery was acceptable, but the CGI generated images of the lighthouse were done rather poorly. Alas, not a film that I can recommend to anyone.      
 Half Light (Craig Rosenberg, 2006)Half Light (Craig Rosenberg, 2006)I've been following some heated debate about this flick on movie boards, and it's brought a somewhat related (if tangentially) point into focus for me: why it is that movies like Darkness, the 2002 Spanish "thriller" with all the suspense of a Pee Wee Herman monologue, and Haute Tension, France's painfully bad 2005 attempt at horror, come over to America and fall flat. Well, I knew the answer, but really, you're all providing me with more evidence. You've never seen a good horror film in your life, have you? Because that's really the only way I can see justifying Darkness, Haute Tension, or Half Light as marginal, much less good, movies.I've been following some heated debate about this flick on movie boards, and it's brought a somewhat related (if tangentially) point into focus for me: why it is that movies like Darkness, the 2002 Spanish "thriller" with all the suspense of a Pee Wee Herman monologue, and Haute Tension, France's painfully bad 2005 attempt at horror, come over to America and fall flat. Well, I knew the answer, but really, you're all providing me with more evidence. You've never seen a good horror film in your life, have you? Because that's really the only way I can see justifying Darkness, Haute Tension, or Half Light as marginal, much less good, movies.Demi Moore plays Rachel Carlson, an American author living in Scotland with her husband Brian (Henry Ian Cusick) and their son Thomas (the wonderfully-named Beans el-Balawi, recently in the TV adaptation of Beneath the Skin). Thomas suffers a household accident, which leads to Rachel and Brian splitting up. Rachel's friend Sharon (Coupling's Kate Isitt) finds Sharon a lovely, secluded place on the coast to hole up and try to write (and why is it that dead kids always lead to parents going off somewhere secluded, where they're bound to be tormented by guilt?). Rachel meets a number of fine locals, including Angus McCulloch (The Mists of Avalon's Hans Matheson), keeper of an even more secluded lighthouse not far from her new place, with whom she feels an instant attraction. Despite being free of the marriage bond, Rachel's not quite sure what to make of her handsome stranger...Demi Moore plays Rachel Carlson, an American author living in Scotland with her husband Brian (Henry Ian Cusick) and their son Thomas (the wonderfully-named Beans el-Balawi, recently in the TV adaptation of Beneath the Skin). Thomas suffers a household accident, which leads to Rachel and Brian splitting up. Rachel's friend Sharon (Coupling's Kate Isitt) finds Sharon a lovely, secluded place on the coast to hole up and try to write (and why is it that dead kids always lead to parents going off somewhere secluded, where they're bound to be tormented by guilt?). Rachel meets a number of fine locals, including Angus McCulloch (The Mists of Avalon's Hans Matheson), keeper of an even more secluded lighthouse not far from her new place, with whom she feels an instant attraction. Despite being free of the marriage bond, Rachel's not quite sure what to make of her handsome stranger......and neither are we. There's obviously supposed to be chemistry between these two characters, but it's never realized. It's probably off looking for the film's suspense, which Rosenberg reminds us we're supposed to be feeling by inserting a few scenes that tread the ground of every suspense movie clich in the entire book. Once you've figured out the movie's big twists (yes, there's more than one, handled with all the delicacy afforded to, say, a road being repaved), which you will have done less than thirty minutes into the film, Rosenberg attempts to hit you with another big twist at the end. There's only one problem-- the movie's climactic scene is so befuddling that any attempt at inserting another plot twist that leads to the film's resolution does nothing but leave the viewer confused and unsatisfied. (Go look at the film boards in various places. There is one question that crops up over and over again. It relates to the utter inability of the climax to get its point across.)...and neither are we. There's obviously supposed to be chemistry between these two characters, but it's never realized. It's probably off looking for the film's suspense, which Rosenberg reminds us we're supposed to be feeling by inserting a few scenes that tread the ground of every suspense movie clich in the entire book. Once you've figured out the movie's big twists (yes, there's more than one, handled with all the delicacy afforded to, say, a road being repaved), which you will have done less than thirty minutes into the film, Rosenberg attempts to hit you with another big twist at the end. There's only one problem-- the movie's climactic scene is so befuddling that any attempt at inserting another plot twist that leads to the film's resolution does nothing but leave the viewer confused and unsatisfied. (Go look at the film boards in various places. There is one question that crops up over and over again. It relates to the utter inability of the climax to get its point across.)It's not often that I say Darkness is better than another horror film. After all, Darkness was about the most pointless exercise in mediocrity possible. But if you have died and gone to Hell, and you have a choice of which of the two to watch on endless loop for the rest of eternity, Darkness should be a no-brainer. Yes, this one's that bad. 
 I've owned the LaserDisc version of "New Order Story" for 5 years and watch parts of it at least once a week, so I thought having the DVD version would be an upgrade.  Not at all, it's a cheap transfer from LaserDisc.  The DVD containing "A Collection" has defects in it.  I mainly bought it so I could have the full version of the promo for "The Perfect Kiss", -which in "story" is almost ruined by Bono's horrible voice- but it turns out it has a huge skip in the DVD version.  I didn't even care to test the rest of the disc and just returned it.
 The editor decided that I don't want to see how the plane crashes into WTC, or how people jump from windows, so, he cut pretty much all of that and who knows what else. Instead, there is a plenty of news people's talking into camera about where they were at the time and what they were thinking (and why do I care?), plus a bunch of stuff about anthrax to pad the little footage that was left.
 This DVD is edited from the original version.  This movie is HOT, the cut DVD is NOT
 Seeing what's become of the rock and roll legends I remember from when we were much younger, I found very depressing. I'd rather remember them the way they were 40 yrs ago. Even Jerry Lee looked like he was ready for the nursing home
 Absolute Dog Poop - with corn. So there is this joke that all the comedians know about, and there are a million ways to tell it, and they get really raunchy. There, that's the movie. I saved you two hours. Oh but there's a kicker, the joke isn't funny and everyone knows it. Yet, of course, some of the comedians tell it like it's the funniest thing in the world - Sarah Silverman, Gilbert Godfried, Bob Sagat, and South Park are definite highlights. And I love Sarah Silverman. However, the awful cinematography, horrific editing, and terrible production value of this film make impossible for me to fathom why people didn't burn down the theaters when they realized this film wasn't getting any better. I would have at least demanded a refund, and $100/hr billed in 15 minute increments. I think Sarah Silverman saved the day again
 so I'm supposed to believe that the horrible dialogue, bad acting, and ridiculous plotting is on purpose just because Mamet is a respected guy? how about we call a dog a dog and just move on
 This show is my all time favorite, however Universal has gone and dicked it up by leaving out various sound effects and a teaser, and a wrong Season Premier Intro!This show is my all time favorite, however Universal has gone and dicked it up by leaving out various sound effects and a teaser, and a wrong Season Premier Intro!DVD is meant to bring out the best in media, not the worst, how could they lose sound effects? Unbelievable! Just doesn't seem possible... SEASON 4 is no better...DVD is meant to bring out the best in media, not the worst, how could they lose sound effects? Unbelievable! Just doesn't seem possible... SEASON 4 is no better...UNIVERSAL PLEASE READ THIS AND RE-RELEASE SEASON 3 AND 4 ALREADY, THE FANS ARE EXTREMELY PISSED OFF!
 This documentary is poorly produced, has terrible sound quality and stereotypical "life affirming" stories.  There was nothing in here to support Wal-Mart, their business practices or their philosophy
 First of all, I am a Joy Division and New Order fan; therefore, I tried to like this.  Really, I did.  First of all, I am a Joy Division and New Order fan; therefore, I tried to like this.  Really, I did.  Sadly, this film stinks.  The focus is not on the bands themselves, but on the obnoxious character known as Tony Wilson.  What a monster!  Either it was the actor's depiction or he does truly have a horrid personality in real life.  Sadly, this film stinks.  The focus is not on the bands themselves, but on the obnoxious character known as Tony Wilson.  What a monster!  Either it was the actor's depiction or he does truly have a horrid personality in real life.  Maybe I'm not British, but I did not find 24 Hour Party People to be very funny.  Only a few scenes made me grin.  The randomness added very little to the overall quality of the film. Maybe I'm not British, but I did not find 24 Hour Party People to be very funny.  Only a few scenes made me grin.  The randomness added very little to the overall quality of the film. In addition, the camera work was very jerky.  Looked like it was done by a novice (and yes, I'm one myself, having made two movies)In addition, the camera work was very jerky.  Looked like it was done by a novice (and yes, I'm one myself, having made two movies)The only redeeming aspect has to be the scenes with Joy Division.  Too bad the members of this band are minor characters.  I can only hope that the biopic of Ian Curtis currently in production will be much, much better
   I'm very surprised that this product has as high a rating as it does, I suppose most are simply glad the show is available on DVD.  However, the transfer to DVD is absolutely horrible.  On an opening night shot on disc 1, there is so much junk on the film that one would think one was seeing lightning bugs -- inside the house!  The colors on these prints aren't even as good as what is shown on TVLand.  This show might be 30 years old, but they cannot be using the best prints available.  There is another irritating tip-off of the cheapness of this package -- the music on the closing credits is wrong -- or is this my imagination?  I'm very surprised that this product has as high a rating as it does, I suppose most are simply glad the show is available on DVD.  However, the transfer to DVD is absolutely horrible.  On an opening night shot on disc 1, there is so much junk on the film that one would think one was seeing lightning bugs -- inside the house!  The colors on these prints aren't even as good as what is shown on TVLand.  This show might be 30 years old, but they cannot be using the best prints available.  There is another irritating tip-off of the cheapness of this package -- the music on the closing credits is wrong -- or is this my imagination?   For those who are defending this package, the upcoming Daniel Boone DVD set is a good item to compare it with.  That show aired in 1966 and the remastered print is fantastic.  Studios and re-issue companies can do a good job when they choose to.  It's a real shame that, in this age of big-screen TVs, this program will look so shoddy.  It's apparent that with such a popular show, they could have recouped the investment
 First let me say that I thought Angela's Ashes was an absolutely terrific book and Frank McCourt fully deserved his Pulitzer Prize. This movie was a horrendous let down. No one involved with the film seemed to have a clue about how to depict real deprivation and poverty. Everything was a Hollywood version of suffering and misery, from Emily Watson's pretty red coat standing in for the real Angela's gray rag to the beautifully lit Irish streets and of course John "let me tell you how you're supposed to feel right now" Williams' cloying, inappropriate music. First let me say that I thought Angela's Ashes was an absolutely terrific book and Frank McCourt fully deserved his Pulitzer Prize. This movie was a horrendous let down. No one involved with the film seemed to have a clue about how to depict real deprivation and poverty. Everything was a Hollywood version of suffering and misery, from Emily Watson's pretty red coat standing in for the real Angela's gray rag to the beautifully lit Irish streets and of course John "let me tell you how you're supposed to feel right now" Williams' cloying, inappropriate music. The acting from the children was great. They were absolutely the best part of the film. Of course, given the constraints of film and the average audience tolerance for unpleasantness such as oozing eyes, pimples and bad teeth all the kids were pleasing to look at, clear skinned and attractive. At least they could act! The acting from the children was great. They were absolutely the best part of the film. Of course, given the constraints of film and the average audience tolerance for unpleasantness such as oozing eyes, pimples and bad teeth all the kids were pleasing to look at, clear skinned and attractive. At least they could act! Emily Watson was given little to do. Robert Carlyle was good although Alan Parker seemed determined to sanitize the ambiguities of McCourt's father by only showing little episodes of drunkeness and thoughtlessness. Emily Watson was given little to do. Robert Carlyle was good although Alan Parker seemed determined to sanitize the ambiguities of McCourt's father by only showing little episodes of drunkeness and thoughtlessness. Parker tends to be an extremely literal, by-the-numbers director with little understanding of subtlety (look what he did in the Pink Floyd's "The Wall"). This time he  was clearly given a mandate by the Hollywood bigwig producers not to make the film too "depressing" or "grim" so that audiences would accept it. The film ends up being a choppy, gentrified, soulless version of one of the best modern books ever written.  Really a shame and a waste of resources.
 This is a made for TV movie and not the original film. Do not waste your money on this re-make. Buy the original that was released in 1967 and starred Robert Blake
 Highly acclaimed. That, I knew. I watched the first 30 minutes, which is 1/4 of the movie, before I decided to hang it up. New lady moves into a conservative French town and opens a chocolate shop. This upsets the local church, even before she begins unleashing secret desires and so forth with her sinful chocolate. Okay. Can you really carry 2 hours with this single plot? Nope. This one's boring. 
 I saw this movie yesterday thinking it'd be exciting. I sure am glad that I survived after watching this terrible excuse for a movie. There's no story line, the acting is pathetic, whoever gave Vin Diesel the idea that he can act. Like an earlier reviewer observes it's about who's dumber the guys who made this movie or the ones who gave it a good review
 I can't give it any less than one star but what the heck, The girls were hot so there's the one star. Other than that I am literally dumber after watching this movie! I swear to god! I passed out after watching this film because I got so stupid I forgot to breathe! They should stop beating around the bush and hire retards from the mental home to play the lead roles because lord knows they would have done a better job! Even if they just ran around the set yelling "1,2,3, Potato Salad, March!" The dialogue would have been 1000 times better. Message to the producer:Give it up loser!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I love Chazz P. and I can see why he would want to give the other side of the Castellano epic, but man is this movie boring.  Castellano has to be one of the most uninvolved mobsters ever to take the reins of a crime family.  If you know the history of this guy, than you should agree, and if you don't, read some books about him.  As powerful as he was, he sure didn't know much about running a crime family as did his predecessors, which this film doesn't portray.  The film also has terrible actors portraying both Sammy the Bull and John Gotti.  An insult at that.  If you like mafia movies and don't care about the history of its real-life characters than by all means watch it.  If you do, skip it, you'd be better off reading a book
 To violent for anyone! This movie is horrible. The cast is good, but the plot stinks! Its just this family who have super powers. Then this kid wanted to be Mr. Incredibles side kick. (in a way)Mr. Incredible says no so then he hates him. Then the kid turns evil and kills people, and wants every body to like him. Thats origanal. There are barely any jokes you laugh once every 20 minutes, and there is way to much violence. Killing, guns, punching, bombs, and they say stupid words sometimes. I do not like the person who directed this film because he should not like violence. So I do not recommend this movie to anyone. Especially the 2 disc special edition!
 Well what can I say about this movie? Well one thing is: It wasn't what I'd expected. Those who'd seen the movie before told me it was bore and had absolutely nothing to it but I still wanted to see it. I was wrong and they were right.The movie is about a Zebra named Marty who wants to go to `the wild', bring in a lion called Alex who is self obsessed, a hippo named Gloria who is overprotective and a Giraffe named Melman who need psychiatric care. Marty escapes the zoo to go on an overnight holiday while his friends overreact and try to `help' him, but four get pinned in Manhattan as ferocious beasts and are shipped back to Africa. Along the way boat is hijacked by the penguins (who are the cutest characters besides the two chimps) and get stranded in Madagascar, meeting a dumb bunch of lemurs. That's basically the whole movie in a nutshell. The group fight, Alex returns to his lion instincts and they get back on the boat. End of story.The entire look of the 3D Animation was terrible as well. They should have continued with Shrek 3 instead of making this movie. It's pointless to watch.The most interesting thing in the entire DVD was the `Penguins Christmas Caper', which wasn't the short movie itself, but the man who played Patrick from Spongebob Squarepants is the polar bear.For those of you planning to buy this DVD, stay away. It's a huge rip off. It's just something to keep you waiting for Shrek 3
 Being a huge fan of Sandra Bullock, I bought this movie thinking it would be fun and cute like her other work. Nope, this movie is garbage. First thing I noticed was that the sound quality is extremely poor which goes along hand in hand with the poor camera angles and shoots. The acting is very bad and the story line is simply ridiculous. Over all, it's not a movie worth buying.
 I have still not received this product and am being bounced from staff to staff by DHL Global Mail.This is a ridiculous and unacceptable situation.I will never use Amazon again, I feel cheated
 I will never use Amazon again, I feel cheatedIt is unfair to judge a children's film by the same non-technical standards you would judge a film made for a more mature audience. That said, I had a difficult time figuring out the intended target audience for Disney"s "A Far Off Place", an odd mix of "Alaska", "Walkabout", and "Blue Lagoon". Since each of these films had a different target audience (children for "Alaska", adults for "Walkabout", and teens for "Blue Lagoon"), "A Far Off Place" suffers from a poorly matched and confused mix of story elements, the attempt to appeal to multiple target audiences ultimately makes it unappealing to all audiences.It is unfair to judge a children's film by the same non-technical standards you would judge a film made for a more mature audience. That said, I had a difficult time figuring out the intended target audience for Disney"s "A Far Off Place", an odd mix of "Alaska", "Walkabout", and "Blue Lagoon". Since each of these films had a different target audience (children for "Alaska", adults for "Walkabout", and teens for "Blue Lagoon"), "A Far Off Place" suffers from a poorly matched and confused mix of story elements, the attempt to appeal to multiple target audiences ultimately makes it unappealing to all audiences.Despite some positive comments on this database, "A Far Off Place" did not impress audiences at the time of its 1993 release and has generated little interest since. Based on stories by South African writer Laurens van der Post, "A Far Off Place" is the story of three teenagers: Nonnie (Reece Witherspoon as a girl raised on South African game preserve), Harry (Ethan Randall as a visiting American boy) and Sorel Bok (as their young Bushman guide Xhabbo) who attempt to evade a gang of ivory poachers by fleeing into the Kalahari Desert. Ethan Randall is actually Ethan Embry from "Can't Hardy Wait".Despite some positive comments on this database, "A Far Off Place" did not impress audiences at the time of its 1993 release and has generated little interest since. Based on stories by South African writer Laurens van der Post, "A Far Off Place" is the story of three teenagers: Nonnie (Reece Witherspoon as a girl raised on South African game preserve), Harry (Ethan Randall as a visiting American boy) and Sorel Bok (as their young Bushman guide Xhabbo) who attempt to evade a gang of ivory poachers by fleeing into the Kalahari Desert. Ethan Randall is actually Ethan Embry from "Can't Hardy Wait".Although recommended for ages eight and up, most younger viewers will be deeply disturbed by the early scenes, where the family's idyllic life is ended by a night attack on their home by the poachers. The house is burned and the parents are murdered. And more mature viewers will be deeply disturbed by the next scene where Nonnie turns into Rambo and kills most of gang in a sequence credible only to a horrified eight-year old. Although recommended for ages eight and up, most younger viewers will be deeply disturbed by the early scenes, where the family's idyllic life is ended by a night attack on their home by the poachers. The house is burned and the parents are murdered. And more mature viewers will be deeply disturbed by the next scene where Nonnie turns into Rambo and kills most of gang in a sequence credible only to a horrified eight-year old. At this point it begins to look like "Walkabout", a story of an Australian girl, her little brother, and a young Aborigine on his ritual journey to manhood. In a significant deviation from the book Xhabbo's wife does not accompany the group into the desert. At this point it begins to look like "Walkabout", a story of an Australian girl, her little brother, and a young Aborigine on his ritual journey to manhood. In a significant deviation from the book Xhabbo's wife does not accompany the group into the desert. "Walkabout's" more adult theme of interracial sexual awakening is replaced by a "Blue Lagoon" romance between the two white teenagers, a reflection of the film's narrower values and more modest ambitions."Walkabout's" more adult theme of interracial sexual awakening is replaced by a "Blue Lagoon" romance between the two white teenagers, a reflection of the film's narrower values and more modest ambitions.The scenes shot in the desert are almost the equal of "Alaska" for scenic beauty but "Alaska"s" more realistic survival challenges are superior to the blend of survival skills and mystic powers that Xhabbo demonstrates to his two companions during their journey. There is an element of "The Gods Must Be Crazy" in this clash of cultures but the film does not go very far (bad pun intended) with the concept. The scenes shot in the desert are almost the equal of "Alaska" for scenic beauty but "Alaska"s" more realistic survival challenges are superior to the blend of survival skills and mystic powers that Xhabbo demonstrates to his two companions during their journey. There is an element of "The Gods Must Be Crazy" in this clash of cultures but the film does not go very far (bad pun intended) with the concept. Both "Alaska" and "A Far Off Place" insert the element of poacher violence into the journey, to the detriment of the basic story. 'Walkabout" did not need this and found sufficient story material in the enormity of the survival experience.Both "Alaska" and "A Far Off Place" insert the element of poacher violence into the journey, to the detriment of the basic story. 'Walkabout" did not need this and found sufficient story material in the enormity of the survival experience.Bok is excellent as the young Bushman and Randall/Embry's performance is solid if unexceptional. Those interested in Witherspoon's early work would be better served checking out her great debut performance in "The Man In the Moon" and avoiding this career misstep. Those looking for a children/family story should stick with "Alaska".Bok is excellent as the young Bushman and Randall/Embry's performance is solid if unexceptional. Those interested in Witherspoon's early work would be better served checking out her great debut performance in "The Man In the Moon" and avoiding this career misstep. Those looking for a children/family story should stick with "Alaska".Then again, what do I know? I'm only a child
 Well, this was about as formulaically politically correct as a movie can get, unfortunately: the female teenage protagonist (played by Witherspoon, whose acting powers have increased dramatically since her stilted acting here) acts masculine and heroic, the male teenage protagonist acts craven and flippant. At one ridiculous point, the girl runs around acting like a commando, a veritable one-gal army, blowing up the bad guys, while the boy hides in a cave sniveling. Later, when the boy tries to assert himself by offering to carry the gal's backpack as they cross a desert, the gal snaps at him, Bella Abzug-style, and walks quickly ahead, leaving him in the dust. Clearly a modern radical feminist thing going on here, and what is most unfortunate is that this movie was made for a young audience and therefore is in keeping with the modern radical feminist propaganda which is brainwashing young women into unnaturally behaving like men. Of course, in the real world, the result for such manly girls, once they become women, is that men do not choose them and they remain alone, and therefore become bitter--ironically and inevitably blaming men, of course. In this movie, the wimpy teenage guy falls for the brassy, masculine gal--but that's why they call them movies. When are these post-modern writers, artists, and other culture-shapers with an agenda going to realize that when they tout modern radical feminism, they are touting something unnatural--men simply do not prefer masculine females. Men want someone to COMPLEMENT them, not COMPETE with them. Men crave FEMININITY in females, not FEMINISM. Wow, is there ever a difference in those two forms of comportment! This poor teenage guy depicted in this movie, at least his character does progress a little bit: by the end of the movie, instead of craven and flippant, he graduates to something akin to a metrosexual-type with a wild-boy haircut, if that is even a step upward. But the plucky gal--she's still the one in charge in this fictitious world of upside-down gender relations.Uh, another problem with this movie--and there are many--is when the kids are going through the Kalahari Desert, something which should be, and for a time is here depicted as, a foreboding and life-threatening task. Yet we see Witherspoon in this desert frolicking with a dog; and we see the boy's flippancy and joviality emerge in a totally out-of-place manner, considering the dire situation they are in. The sense of urgency which had been built up is totally excreted away by these light-hearted, inane scenes.Look, I dig Disney kid movies--more realistic ones. You know, old style Disney movies. You take "Old Yeller" for example. Now there was a quality kid movie, and quite true to life. This movie was not. It had a plastic, spoiled-American-materialistic-teenybopper feel throughout. Disney has gone down the tubes. In any number of ways, they've been subverted by radical Marxist agendas (Note: One more of these was the fact that an African Bushman was allowed to evince a pagan ritual from his PC pagan religion--something called "tapping," while the Caucasians were of course not shown evincing any sign of their un-PC Judeo-Christian religion--this is bias, folks, leftwing, PC bias, same as the aforementioned feminist bilge). I am learning to run, not walk, away from Disney stuff, and this movie was further cause for me to do so.
 Having watched great movies in the Bible series such as Joseph, David, Abraham, Jacob, Moses and Samson and Delilah and other good ones pertaining to scriptures, I was looking forward to another fantastic and educative film. What a let down by this anachronism. How low can one go! This is a disappointing and misleading movie that perverts the word of God.Having watched great movies in the Bible series such as Joseph, David, Abraham, Jacob, Moses and Samson and Delilah and other good ones pertaining to scriptures, I was looking forward to another fantastic and educative film. What a let down by this anachronism. How low can one go! This is a disappointing and misleading movie that perverts the word of God.If you do not believe in God, have never read the Bible, particularly Genesis but have heard of Noah from hearsay, perhaps this movie might be of some entertaining value, a mediocre one at that.If you do not believe in God, have never read the Bible, particularly Genesis but have heard of Noah from hearsay, perhaps this movie might be of some entertaining value, a mediocre one at that.If you are looking for a movie with an accurate account of Noah's ArK, don't aggravate yourself. Avoid this movie like a plague.
 This movie is not very realistic.  The sets are great!, but the story is a Biblical SNAFU!  They had the chance to embellish the real story, without compromizing the Bible's account, but chose instead to incorporate incidents that were thousands of years later, which impeached any incredibility it might have had. I didn't like it much for that reason. 
 "The Ring Two" is a horror film that gets so bogged down in the minutiae of its storytelling that it simply forgets to be scary.  Naomi Watts and David Dreckman return as the mother and son who have recently fled to a remote section of Oregon in an attempt to escape the murderous clutches of Samara, the ghost of a young girl whom they encountered in the previous film.  However, like any specter worth her salt, Samara has managed to track the pair down and quickly begins her scheme of possessing the boy as a way of returning to the land of the living."The Ring Two" is a horror film that gets so bogged down in the minutiae of its storytelling that it simply forgets to be scary.  Naomi Watts and David Dreckman return as the mother and son who have recently fled to a remote section of Oregon in an attempt to escape the murderous clutches of Samara, the ghost of a young girl whom they encountered in the previous film.  However, like any specter worth her salt, Samara has managed to track the pair down and quickly begins her scheme of possessing the boy as a way of returning to the land of the living.This is an extraordinarily under-whelming thriller that is little more than a series of extremely mild shocks (if you even want to call them that) interrupted by long stretches of hopelessly dull exposition.  The story itself makes very little sense, and the climax is so blas and half-hearted that I couldn't be sure the movie had actually ended until the credits started rolling by.  "The Ring Two" has a few impressive special effects up its sleeve, but not nearly enough to relieve the tedium that afflicts so much of the movie.  This is an extraordinarily under-whelming thriller that is little more than a series of extremely mild shocks (if you even want to call them that) interrupted by long stretches of hopelessly dull exposition.  The story itself makes very little sense, and the climax is so blas and half-hearted that I couldn't be sure the movie had actually ended until the credits started rolling by.  "The Ring Two" has a few impressive special effects up its sleeve, but not nearly enough to relieve the tedium that afflicts so much of the movie.  In a mere two installments, this series seems already to have run its course.  If this "Ring" comes a-callin`, don`t answer
 In a mere two installments, this series seems already to have run its course.  If this "Ring" comes a-callin`, don`t answerIf you like Murder-Mysteries; you might like this. Attractive leads perform an average script. If you like Murder-Mysteries; you might like this. Attractive leads perform an average script. Technically, good costumes, good lighting, attractive sets. The story holds your attention. The detective is interesting, and his sleuthing has some interest. If you like a light Whodunnit; you may like this. As good as anything on TV today. I rated this 2-stars, compared to "Road to Avonlea, Third season" mystery episode with Christopher Reeve, which I rate 4-stars. Not as clever as the TV show "Columbo"; but the period setting may make up for this. Technically, good costumes, good lighting, attractive sets. The story holds your attention. The detective is interesting, and his sleuthing has some interest. If you like a light Whodunnit; you may like this. As good as anything on TV today. I rated this 2-stars, compared to "Road to Avonlea, Third season" mystery episode with Christopher Reeve, which I rate 4-stars. Not as clever as the TV show "Columbo"; but the period setting may make up for this. This did not have what I was looking for, some adventure, more believability, more charm, and more cleverness. This did not have what I was looking for, some adventure, more believability, more charm, and more cleverness. The sets are attractively "staged"; rather than sets that take you there. Has pleasant characters; but not deep. Some good humor personality with the servants. The appeal is for one who likes a light, Whodunnit detective film, in a period setting; without my great expectations. I remember "Young Sherlock Holmes" as better; though I saw it a long time ago.
 I bought 2 Barbie DVD and this is one of them. It's dark and scary at the beginning and the story line is not that great compare with the other one I have (Mermaidia). It doesn't attract my daughter like Mermaidia and she doesn't like it that much. Don't buy this. Get the Mermaidia one
 My daughters are not Barbie doll fans...but they do like the movies. So do I.My daughters are not Barbie doll fans...but they do like the movies. So do I.All but this one. The Pegasus were beautiful...but it stopped there.All but this one. The Pegasus were beautiful...but it stopped there.We thought Barbie was too snotty and disrepectful in her manner of speaking. Bring back the nice Barbie!We thought Barbie was too snotty and disrepectful in her manner of speaking. Bring back the nice Barbie!Her 'boyfriend' was just as snotty.Her 'boyfriend' was just as snotty.We didn't like the evil Wenlock...and the way he preys on teenage daughters forcing them into marriage.We didn't like the evil Wenlock...and the way he preys on teenage daughters forcing them into marriage.In one scene Wenlock throws a tray of food into one of his wives face. That was shocking and sad.In one scene Wenlock throws a tray of food into one of his wives face. That was shocking and sad.Our copy of this dvd went into the trash
 could have been a truly interesting film, just plain simpleminded and annoying
 They spend the first half of this movie saying how great the Ultimate Warrior was.  The journey is awesome!  Then all of the sudden, the paid WWE guys just began to bad-mouth the Warrior. Maybe he did have questionable judgment - but why are they trying to make us feel bad about someone we loved?  They take some very low blows. They say that the Warrior was a bad wrestler. Actually he seemed just fine to me when I was young, and I really can't distinguish one's ability from the other. They just all gang up on him and make outragious allegations. Vince says quickly that the reason why the Ultimate disappeared for 3 years was because he failed a drug test. As soon as he says this, they fade to black then come back with a new issue. What drug use? Which drugs? Presumably they're talking about steroids. But what about that high and mighty Hulk Hogan with his admitted drug use. Let's not talk about that - let's just keep ganging up on the Warrior. They completely ridicule him changing his name to the Warrior. And they also just try to badmouth him so much. Who cares that none of the wrestlers liked him? I don't! He excited the heck out of me way more than any of the dorks who say bad things about him -including Hulk. And oh yeah - they don't even let the Warrior defend himself.  Why did I have to find out from IMDB.com that he was asked to appear but declined? Why don't they address this?  This "docu" is more slanted than "Fahrenheitt 911" Every wrestling and Ultimate Warrior fan will start out loving this docu then hating it. It just leaves you with a bitter taste in your mouth, tired of all of the whining and bitter trash talking.
 If you love hip hop then don't buy this video. It's a mix of movements that are NOT hip hop
   Michael Moore filmed this propaganda,partially financed by the United Auto Workers, to distract attention from the real reason GM was forced to shutter plants - the Japanese auto invasion, made possible by  GM's unhealthy cost structure. The  company was burdened with exorbitant UAW wages, something union friendly Michael Moore does his best to conceal. So Roger Smith becomesthe reason for the plant closings. Years of losses at GM have shown Moore's twisted arguments to be exactly what they were then - phoney  UAW sponsored lies to  shift attention away from the primary role played by the UAW in the death spiral of the automakers. Moore and others pretend GM management had dropped the ball, but GM lost tens of thousands of engineers and salaried staff, let go long before any unionized line workers felt any pain. ALL of GM's problems are the result of the lack of profits resulting from the UAW albatross - slow redesign cycles, lack of money for research, you name it.  Moore will never mention how the UAW has screwed the consumers for the past 70 years and how now that consumers have a choice, they find the better value in Asian autos. Nobody wants to pay a UAW worker to bolt on a fender while making more than their family doctor. The UAW has fixed labor prices for long enough. Enough is enough and Moore is shown to be the stooge of the unions with this preposterous piece of slanted fiction he laughingly calls a "documentary."
 This is a pretty good collection for the Mickey beginner. I wouldn't purchase it however if you already have the Walt Disney Treasures "Mickey Mouse in Living Color" series because all the shorts are on those DVDs as well
 Those who describe this story as "cute" and Joon as "quirky" aren't paying attention. For me, this movie was a trip through hell with a final destination of insanity. The writers slickly throw just enough whitewash on top to let most people ignore the darkness. Yes, Depp is great, given what he has to work with, but overall I am very sorry that I was subjected to this horribly stupid, insensitive movie
 With great music and a setting that reminds you of "Vampire Hunter D" it sucks you into watching the series.  The plot turns out to be terrible and the idea of where the wolves came from and where they are going is underdeveloped and disappointing.  The animation is good, which is a must have for me, but it wasn't enough to redeem the series
 I only give it 2 stars for the shower scene with the Twins. Really bad acting and plot that makes little sense. Trying to be like the original movie but falls way short. Its just bad acting with stupid and mean characters. Not worth it except for the brief shower scene.
 I normally praise Disney's animated movies, but I've got to draw the line somewhere. I can't believe the average review for this movie was 41/2 stars. I found the characters in this movie annoying, even more annoying than that suv commercial where that guy walks out of his house and parachutes off the cliff. I urge you to buy Treasure Planet, any Disney Pixar film,Tarzan before this one
 There are two main reasons why this Superman film fails to fly inspite of the special effects.There are two main reasons why this Superman film fails to fly inspite of the special effects.What Singer and company have missed is the heart of Superman - virtues.  The ideal of the American way (noticably absent) is supposed to go hand in hand with truth and justice.  Donner made the mistake in the 70's of having Superman sleep with Lois, and now Singer adds insult to injury by having Superman discover he has an illegitmate child that he doesn't take responsibility for (deadbeat dad).  Using his super powers to invade the privacy of Lois in her home, drags Superman down to the level of creepy (peeping tom).What Singer and company have missed is the heart of Superman - virtues.  The ideal of the American way (noticably absent) is supposed to go hand in hand with truth and justice.  Donner made the mistake in the 70's of having Superman sleep with Lois, and now Singer adds insult to injury by having Superman discover he has an illegitmate child that he doesn't take responsibility for (deadbeat dad).  Using his super powers to invade the privacy of Lois in her home, drags Superman down to the level of creepy (peeping tom).The second issue concerns personality.  Routh and Bosworth look nice but have no charm and no chemistry.  These are the two ingredients that made Reeves and Kidder so endearing.The second issue concerns personality.  Routh and Bosworth look nice but have no charm and no chemistry.  These are the two ingredients that made Reeves and Kidder so endearing.A new director, writers, and cast is needed.  Until then, at least there's Superman 1.
 What looks like a good movie to watch quickly turns into disappointment. Whilst you expect some plot to come together (at least on first viewing) - it is strung together to confuse - even to frustrate the viewer.What looks like a good movie to watch quickly turns into disappointment. Whilst you expect some plot to come together (at least on first viewing) - it is strung together to confuse - even to frustrate the viewer.I was given no warning about the really really bad quality. Having a HD Large display does not help either. The sound is annonying as is irritating. In fact I got a refund on the movie hire!I was given no warning about the really really bad quality. Having a HD Large display does not help either. The sound is annonying as is irritating. In fact I got a refund on the movie hire!I don't expect overboard special effect and CGI overlays. I expected the quality to be above a cheap CAM recorder however.I don't expect overboard special effect and CGI overlays. I expected the quality to be above a cheap CAM recorder however.The plot is complicated and the noise in the background adds to the disorientation which is done on purpose.The plot is complicated and the noise in the background adds to the disorientation which is done on purpose.On the other note: The cheap and nasty props do not add anything to crediblility either.On the other note: The cheap and nasty props do not add anything to crediblility either.Stay clear - but if you have the time and want to view the movie - settle back and expect a "student" movie from some high School college.Stay clear - but if you have the time and want to view the movie - settle back and expect a "student" movie from some high School college.This movie although good in concept fails. I would like some production house to take it on board - create the situation with some convinving special effects (to help the storyline), better sound, widescreen and convincing props.This movie although good in concept fails. I would like some production house to take it on board - create the situation with some convinving special effects (to help the storyline), better sound, widescreen and convincing props.It could have been a brilliant movie but is spoiled by bad quality and unconvinving props.
 I was seriously considering purchasing this movie, but luckily I saw it at blockbuster one night and decided to rent it before I made up my mind.  I think it was the smartest move I've made in my entire life because this movie turned out to be, not only the worst lesbian movie, but probably one of the worst movies ever made!  The reviews I've seen for this movie are way too generous I must say.  Believe me when I say that I am not a strict critic...I can be easily entertained by the corny ones.  But this one could not be salvaged, and one star is much more than it deserves.  The fact that is in black and white can be overlooked, but the bad acting, and pseudo-artistic scenes reminded me of a film made in middle school.  Unfortunately, my girlfriend and I were unable to get through the first 30 mins, so I am unable to rate this movie wholly.  All I can say is please rent it at least
 I was really looking forward to movie.  My goal was to expand my understanding of this historical period.  Many of the scenes looked like they used old sets from the 50's Westerns and the lighting technique was disappointing, these alone did not turn me off from watching.  My real gripe about the movie was the dialogue and the acting.  Within the first 10 minutes of the movie, a stage coach is robbed, my attention was drawn to the portrayals by the actors.  They were not believable and the dialogue just sounded like something that came out of book for young readers.  Later, when alerted that the posse is nearly upon them, the other rider responds with such uncharacterist language for a male ruffian that I laughed.  As the movie plodded forward, scene after scene left me wondering, how quickly was this thrown together and how come they didn't rehearse more.  I felt my patience to endure several more hours an unfair punishment.  I generally try to watch a movie entirely but frankly, I think it was an embarrassment and waste of time.  Maybe it got better (that is why I gave it two stars) but I find that doubtful.  I am wondering if both Tom Berrenger and the other author missed to many classes of Script Writing 101.
 I have seen many pathetic films in my life. This topped them. Did I rate one star? Sorry- I meant negative 11 stars. It was the absolute worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life. It was a total waste of three hours when I could have been sleeping. There was no point. The script and storyline were pathetic. The gore was overdone- too much blood, killing, and the like. It was totally historically inaccurate, and the Civil War scenes were so grossly unrealistic that it was laughable. All Civil War veterans are rolling over in their graves. Any scene that was supposed to be touching was pathetic. One of the abolsute bombs was when Clint Eastwood fires off a canon twice with his cigar- yet he does not even load it- either time. And somehow, without even aiming the canon, he knocks his 'friend' off his horse. I have seen many pathetic films in my life. This topped them. Did I rate one star? Sorry- I meant negative 11 stars. It was the absolute worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life. It was a total waste of three hours when I could have been sleeping. There was no point. The script and storyline were pathetic. The gore was overdone- too much blood, killing, and the like. It was totally historically inaccurate, and the Civil War scenes were so grossly unrealistic that it was laughable. All Civil War veterans are rolling over in their graves. Any scene that was supposed to be touching was pathetic. One of the abolsute bombs was when Clint Eastwood fires off a canon twice with his cigar- yet he does not even load it- either time. And somehow, without even aiming the canon, he knocks his 'friend' off his horse. The movie is a failure. F-A-I-L-U-R-E. Crappy. Junky. Just plain DUMB. STUPID. PATHETIC.The movie is a failure. F-A-I-L-U-R-E. Crappy. Junky. Just plain DUMB. STUPID. PATHETIC.I am not going to waste any more words on it. Just....whatever you do....save your money. Don't buy it. It's not worth 50 cents
 Cinema-wise, you know you're witnessing the beginning of the end when the best Hollywood can come up with is a SEQUEL to a REMAKE (it`s not often that two crimes of unoriginality are committed in a single film).  But that is exactly what "Cheaper by the Dozen 2" turns out to be - and the result, quality-wise, is pretty much what one would expect.Cinema-wise, you know you're witnessing the beginning of the end when the best Hollywood can come up with is a SEQUEL to a REMAKE (it`s not often that two crimes of unoriginality are committed in a single film).  But that is exactly what "Cheaper by the Dozen 2" turns out to be - and the result, quality-wise, is pretty much what one would expect.This is one of those alleged family comedies in which the adults (the male adults at any rate) are infinitely more immature in their attitude and behavior than the children they are raising.  Steve Martin returns as the prolific father of twelve who is beginning to sense that his children, as they are growing older, no longer want to spend quality time together as a family.  To rectify the situation, he takes them all on a vacation to a favorite lake resort - a move that threatens to turn into a full-scale disaster when the Bakers find themselves embroiled in a fierce competition with a neighboring family of snooty overachievers led by Eugene Levy, a patriarch who runs his brood with so much spit-and-polish regimentation that he makes Captain Von Trapp look like a touchy-feely pushover in comparison.This is one of those alleged family comedies in which the adults (the male adults at any rate) are infinitely more immature in their attitude and behavior than the children they are raising.  Steve Martin returns as the prolific father of twelve who is beginning to sense that his children, as they are growing older, no longer want to spend quality time together as a family.  To rectify the situation, he takes them all on a vacation to a favorite lake resort - a move that threatens to turn into a full-scale disaster when the Bakers find themselves embroiled in a fierce competition with a neighboring family of snooty overachievers led by Eugene Levy, a patriarch who runs his brood with so much spit-and-polish regimentation that he makes Captain Von Trapp look like a touchy-feely pushover in comparison.One might be tempted to call this a distended version of a "Brady Bunch" episode and leave it at that, but even that show, for all its lack of sophistication, didn't portray the father as a total and irredeemable doofus with serious developmental issues and the emotional maturity of a bratty six-year-old.    Besides the daddy-is-a-dope stereotype, all "Cheaper by the Dozen 2" has to offer is lame slapstick, a silly pre-pubescent "Romeo and Juliet" subplot, and push-button scenes of emotional uplift in which a crescendo of swelling violins serves as the cue for the tears to start flowing.  The drearily unoriginal screenplay comes replete with the requisite dog-humping incidents and poop jokes, and not one but TWO scenes of an elderly handicapped gentleman rolling off into the lake in a wheelchair.   One might be tempted to call this a distended version of a "Brady Bunch" episode and leave it at that, but even that show, for all its lack of sophistication, didn't portray the father as a total and irredeemable doofus with serious developmental issues and the emotional maturity of a bratty six-year-old.    Besides the daddy-is-a-dope stereotype, all "Cheaper by the Dozen 2" has to offer is lame slapstick, a silly pre-pubescent "Romeo and Juliet" subplot, and push-button scenes of emotional uplift in which a crescendo of swelling violins serves as the cue for the tears to start flowing.  The drearily unoriginal screenplay comes replete with the requisite dog-humping incidents and poop jokes, and not one but TWO scenes of an elderly handicapped gentleman rolling off into the lake in a wheelchair.   Any more of these films and Planned Parenthood won't have to mount a fundraising drive for years to come
 After reading the novel by Jane Yolen with my 7th grade classes, I was eager to view the film version.  I had heard conflicting views of the film- it's great, it's horrible, etc.  After viewing it for myself, I must agree with those who gave it negative reviews.  However, despite its lack-luster performance, the film did serve a purpose in the classroom.After reading the novel by Jane Yolen with my 7th grade classes, I was eager to view the film version.  I had heard conflicting views of the film- it's great, it's horrible, etc.  After viewing it for myself, I must agree with those who gave it negative reviews.  However, despite its lack-luster performance, the film did serve a purpose in the classroom.True, the film leaves something to be desired. They change multiple plot points with no explanation other than to just change them.  Editing was not a driving force because they could have easily made small changes to keep the film focused for a teenage audience while maintaining the strength behind the story.  Rivka becomes her cousin and other characters are neglected completely.  Major events in the rising action are left out, thus leaving the movie drab and disappointing.  Overall, very few of my students liked the film adaptation of Jane Yolen's novel, which they found so riveting.  On a brighter side, because of so many differences, viewing the film after reading the novel provided an excellent opportunity for students to practice comparison/contrast writing through T-Charts and Venn diagrams.  It also allowed them to perform some higher level thinking and questioning skills. After reading the novel and viewing the film, most of my students agreed that the book was much better- something a reading teacher loves to hear!
 This is a "goody-goody" Ronald Reagan propaganda style film. By that I mean that it tries to portray the US as the good guys being hit by the bad ones. It doesn't say what dirty role the US CIA had in birthing the whole horrible genie of fundamentalis Islam, how it set up, equipped and nurtured not only Bin Laden and his Al-Qaeda, but a whole bunch of other loathsome Islamic terror outfits now stalking the globe - like the Islamic Brotherhood and the Taliban for instance: all just to defeat the USSR, and gain access to hydrocarbon rich regions, to fuel the greedy American consumerist lifestyle which US citizens take so much for granted. I am not a "conspiracy theorist"; these people are usually an absurd breed, going off at the other extreme tangent. I live in Peshawar, the hotbed of CIA mischief in the 1980s and 90s (and even now), and the area where I live - the University Town - housed all the actors on this stage: the US officials and spies, their clubs, the Afghan "Mujahideen" leaders' houses, etc. etc... I grew up seeing all this going on literally next door, and so would like to apprise my American friends of the unpleasant truth. The National Geographic and the Reader's Digest magazines are two long established icons of US media culture that have served as the unofficial (and therefore hard to suspect) mouthpieces of some of the most outrageous US propaganda drives... Never trust their political commentaries, although their articles about polar bears and planets can be very nice..
 Personally, I can't see this movie for dust. In fact, I find it extremely annoying. The only video worse than this one is "Monty Python and the Holy Grail." Yecch!Personally, I can't see this movie for dust. In fact, I find it extremely annoying. The only video worse than this one is "Monty Python and the Holy Grail." Yecch!Napoleon Dynamite, no offense to the actor, literally puts me to sleep. I don't mind his friend Pedro, and I also don't mind his brother (the dude with the glasses) or his grandmother, or even his irksome uncle, but Napoleon himself is as dull as dishwater. If they'd only take his character out, I'd probably enjoy this movie a little better.
    I was disapointd in this show.  It was mad and release by Warners (MARVEL's biggest rival and DC's parent company), This new take on the X-Men had them behave like horny teenage doofuses,and don't get me started on the crappy writing.   Just like X2 was not the X-Men, this show was also the same.  It was in Name Only, and speaking as the only loyal Marvel fan here, That says i all
 This movie is just not scary.  I'm a HUGE horror movie fan and this movie has no tension in it, no edge of your seat fear.  I liked the sequel "Devil's Rejects", but that isn't much of a "horror" movie either (unless you think "From Dusk Til Dawn" is scary).  "1,000 Corpses" is about as scary as "Hostel".  It should never be mentioned in the same breath as "Texas Chainsaw", because other than trying to look like a gritty 70's horror flick, it has nothing in common with "Chainsaw".This movie is just not scary.  I'm a HUGE horror movie fan and this movie has no tension in it, no edge of your seat fear.  I liked the sequel "Devil's Rejects", but that isn't much of a "horror" movie either (unless you think "From Dusk Til Dawn" is scary).  "1,000 Corpses" is about as scary as "Hostel".  It should never be mentioned in the same breath as "Texas Chainsaw", because other than trying to look like a gritty 70's horror flick, it has nothing in common with "Chainsaw".It has a few moments, but they are ruined by cartoon-like scenarios.  Still Zombie has potential, his follow up "Reject's" was a definite improvement.It has a few moments, but they are ruined by cartoon-like scenarios.  Still Zombie has potential, his follow up "Reject's" was a definite improvement.I didn't hate it, it's just not a scary horror movie.  Nothing new, no tension, but entertaining in some scenes, so I'm giving it 2 stars
 In essence, this is a Texas Chainsaw remake, but here's the difference, and why it's far inferior. I don't care one iota for the "victims." I can barely tell the females apart. The guys are so obnoxious, I look forward to them dying. Unlike Texas Chainsaw (parts one and two, horror masterpieces!), this movie shows the "psycho family" (hmmm... kind of like Texas Chainsaw?) far too much. A little goes a long way, too much? OVERKILL! Many plot holes, and take away the music, there was some really bad acting. It gets two stars for the cool middle inserts in funky film style, and also the one great sequence where the cops are killed. But in general, Rob Zombie should not get writing credit for this. It's Texas Chainsaw Massacre, only nowhere near as good
 I hate to trash on an American Classic... but this was truly horrible.  I thought my son would like this due to the flying car.  It took hours of TORTURE to get to that scene.  Horrible, horrible film.  Mindless, drawn-out banter, and weak story line.  Our copy eventually broke (stepped on?) --- we felt SOOO lucky to have it gone.  "One Star" seems like a generous rating
 Okay, the script is not the most imaginative I've ever seen, but I like the actors (especially Ben's best man) so I was friendly with this movie for the most part.  I didn't even mind the obvious holes in the plot, such as...why do these characters not have credit cards or cell phones? Or at least, why don't they use them?  Oh no, much more plausible that Ben will have to strip dance in a gay bar for $150 to buy a car to drive to NC.  I didn't even mind the fact that the whole "We're married and my husband's a doctor." charade was so predictable. Oh Gee, he's pretending to be a doctor and he's on a tour bus with a bunch of elderly people. D'ya think someone might have a heart attack and "Dr. Holmes" might have to step up?  And uh, they're pretending to be married and Oh! surprise there's the best man and maid of honor! D'ya think they're gonna get busted?Okay, the script is not the most imaginative I've ever seen, but I like the actors (especially Ben's best man) so I was friendly with this movie for the most part.  I didn't even mind the obvious holes in the plot, such as...why do these characters not have credit cards or cell phones? Or at least, why don't they use them?  Oh no, much more plausible that Ben will have to strip dance in a gay bar for $150 to buy a car to drive to NC.  I didn't even mind the fact that the whole "We're married and my husband's a doctor." charade was so predictable. Oh Gee, he's pretending to be a doctor and he's on a tour bus with a bunch of elderly people. D'ya think someone might have a heart attack and "Dr. Holmes" might have to step up?  And uh, they're pretending to be married and Oh! surprise there's the best man and maid of honor! D'ya think they're gonna get busted?What killed it for me was that ridiculous ending.  It was obviously supposed to be a surprise (and it was) but there seemed to be no other reason for it than to pull a fast one on the audience.  I felt cheated. I spent the entire movie getting emotionally involved with the relationship between Sarah and Ben, and I really cared about how they would handle things with the fiance and Sarah's little boy and all that.  I cheerfully became disengaged from the relationship between Ben and Bridget, I totally believed neither one of them was ready to get married or right for each other.  The film spent an inordinate amount of time showing me they're not right for each other and that this wedding was not meant to happen.  RIGHT UP TO THE LAST MOMENT, we think he's breaking it off with Bridget. Instead, what the heck let's just go ahead and get married after all.What killed it for me was that ridiculous ending.  It was obviously supposed to be a surprise (and it was) but there seemed to be no other reason for it than to pull a fast one on the audience.  I felt cheated. I spent the entire movie getting emotionally involved with the relationship between Sarah and Ben, and I really cared about how they would handle things with the fiance and Sarah's little boy and all that.  I cheerfully became disengaged from the relationship between Ben and Bridget, I totally believed neither one of them was ready to get married or right for each other.  The film spent an inordinate amount of time showing me they're not right for each other and that this wedding was not meant to happen.  RIGHT UP TO THE LAST MOMENT, we think he's breaking it off with Bridget. Instead, what the heck let's just go ahead and get married after all.Huh?  He left Sarah sitting out there waiting for him in a HURRICANE!!! after making her promise that she would still be there when he got back.  This man obviously doesn't have a clue what he wants in life, and I'm expected to believe they lived happily ever after?Huh?  He left Sarah sitting out there waiting for him in a HURRICANE!!! after making her promise that she would still be there when he got back.  This man obviously doesn't have a clue what he wants in life, and I'm expected to believe they lived happily ever after?Not only that, but what does it teach us about taking this commitment seriously?  It teaches us that if our instinct is telling us "don't do it!" and our genitals are yearning for someone else and even Mother Nature seems to be working hard to prevent this marriage, aw heck go on ahead and do it anyway.  It's just marriage. It's romantic! You could get lucky and live happily ever after!Not only that, but what does it teach us about taking this commitment seriously?  It teaches us that if our instinct is telling us "don't do it!" and our genitals are yearning for someone else and even Mother Nature seems to be working hard to prevent this marriage, aw heck go on ahead and do it anyway.  It's just marriage. It's romantic! You could get lucky and live happily ever after!It's been my experience, when things aren't feeling just right as you approach that wedding, turn and run. The last thing you should do is close your eyes, grab your balls and take the leap
 There is a pattern in Hollywood when it comes to drama/revenge films such as Eye for an Eye.  It is an extremely simple pattern that is regenerated time and time again because audiences like to not be surprised.  They are prepared for the bad guy to die at the end, whilst the victim or top-billed actor/actress comes out as the hero at the end.  It is meant to give us a sense of security and comfort, but for this critic it is getting old.  Eye for an Eye is a perfect example of film that falls deep within that tired genre of film.  From the opening credits of this film, you could count the steps that each actor was going to make all the way to the very end.  The pauses could be guessed, the lines could have been written the night before, and the acting was nothing short of mediocrity at its best.  It was guaranteed that the actors would be overly dramatic, the violins would always shrill around Kiefer, and there would be horrendously underdeveloped plotlines that would lead nowhere.  This is your typical revenge film with no excitement, no frills, nothing that would make it stand out from the rest.  The late director John Schlesinger played it safe with one of his final films, which will promise to bore and completely not satisfy you to the bitter end.There is a pattern in Hollywood when it comes to drama/revenge films such as Eye for an Eye.  It is an extremely simple pattern that is regenerated time and time again because audiences like to not be surprised.  They are prepared for the bad guy to die at the end, whilst the victim or top-billed actor/actress comes out as the hero at the end.  It is meant to give us a sense of security and comfort, but for this critic it is getting old.  Eye for an Eye is a perfect example of film that falls deep within that tired genre of film.  From the opening credits of this film, you could count the steps that each actor was going to make all the way to the very end.  The pauses could be guessed, the lines could have been written the night before, and the acting was nothing short of mediocrity at its best.  It was guaranteed that the actors would be overly dramatic, the violins would always shrill around Kiefer, and there would be horrendously underdeveloped plotlines that would lead nowhere.  This is your typical revenge film with no excitement, no frills, nothing that would make it stand out from the rest.  The late director John Schlesinger played it safe with one of his final films, which will promise to bore and completely not satisfy you to the bitter end.Where did Eye for an Eye go wrong?  I don't think I need to count all the ways for you, but some of the bigger issues that I had with this feature was the complete unknown of the characters.  I have major issues with stories that escape realism to allow the main character to seem more dramatic.  What was Sally Field's job?  I know that is a small detail, but it better highlights my complaint that our central family (the McCanns) were not as developed as I would have liked to have seen.  I had no clue her daughter had a stutter until two seconds before her death, yet it seemed to be a bigger key element as the film progressed.  Ed Harris literally walked through his character, proving that Field's husband could have been played by a plastic bag and still seen the same level of emotion.  The only character worth watching, and was developed briefly, was Kiefer.  He was 100% evil in this film and it kept this film geek worth watching until the very end.  Yet, we didn't even know that much about him either (which upset me).  Schlesinger obviously knew the story that he was about to tell with Eye for an Eye very well, the actors I believe even knew the story and they probably didn't even need to read the script, and the story played it safe from the beginning, but it wasn't what I wanted to see.  I expected film like this to come out during the 80s, not in 1996.  It was pathetic to see name actors like Ed Harris, Sally Field, Phillip Baker Hall, Keith David, and Kiefer Sutherland walk through this film like it was a fly in the pan.  Nothing stood out in this film, nothing made me want to rewatch the brutality of it, and nothing made me feel excited about these actors.  This was a literal "nothing" film.  It lent nothing to the cinematic world except (and I stress this a bit) another peg in a very tired genre known as the "Revenge Thriller".Where did Eye for an Eye go wrong?  I don't think I need to count all the ways for you, but some of the bigger issues that I had with this feature was the complete unknown of the characters.  I have major issues with stories that escape realism to allow the main character to seem more dramatic.  What was Sally Field's job?  I know that is a small detail, but it better highlights my complaint that our central family (the McCanns) were not as developed as I would have liked to have seen.  I had no clue her daughter had a stutter until two seconds before her death, yet it seemed to be a bigger key element as the film progressed.  Ed Harris literally walked through his character, proving that Field's husband could have been played by a plastic bag and still seen the same level of emotion.  The only character worth watching, and was developed briefly, was Kiefer.  He was 100% evil in this film and it kept this film geek worth watching until the very end.  Yet, we didn't even know that much about him either (which upset me).  Schlesinger obviously knew the story that he was about to tell with Eye for an Eye very well, the actors I believe even knew the story and they probably didn't even need to read the script, and the story played it safe from the beginning, but it wasn't what I wanted to see.  I expected film like this to come out during the 80s, not in 1996.  It was pathetic to see name actors like Ed Harris, Sally Field, Phillip Baker Hall, Keith David, and Kiefer Sutherland walk through this film like it was a fly in the pan.  Nothing stood out in this film, nothing made me want to rewatch the brutality of it, and nothing made me feel excited about these actors.  This was a literal "nothing" film.  It lent nothing to the cinematic world except (and I stress this a bit) another peg in a very tired genre known as the "Revenge Thriller".After watching this film I said to my wife that I thought Sally Field was completely overdramatic throughout the course of it, overplaying the small parts and completely exploding the bigger elements, which made me think of a High School drama production.  It was amateur at best, but she said that is why directors use Sally, because she is known for being overly dramatic.  This is a pure example of a good thing gone badly.  Sally saw success with it once, but as she continues it only creates bad cinema.  There were times during Sally's bigger speeches that I found myself laughing.  I couldn't help myself, but her focus on certain words and clich reaction to others just seemed cardboard instead of lifelike.  The same could be said for Ed Harris who obviously has discovered that he doesn't have to play the outlaying father any further in films.  He was completely wasted in this film.  Was there any emotion with him?  I didn't see any.  Then there was the pitiful contribution by Hall and David that begin with intrigue, but were dropped faster than a big ole sack of potatoes.  Also, did Mantegna take a class on how to be a one-dimensional clich?  Urg, his portrayal of the police office was a disgrace to those that genuinely play one-dimensional police officers.  Again, the only actor worth watching was Kiefer because he not only spoke with evil, but demonstrated that he was capable of anything vile.  It was his sole performance that made this film decent to watch to the end.  After watching this film I said to my wife that I thought Sally Field was completely overdramatic throughout the course of it, overplaying the small parts and completely exploding the bigger elements, which made me think of a High School drama production.  It was amateur at best, but she said that is why directors use Sally, because she is known for being overly dramatic.  This is a pure example of a good thing gone badly.  Sally saw success with it once, but as she continues it only creates bad cinema.  There were times during Sally's bigger speeches that I found myself laughing.  I couldn't help myself, but her focus on certain words and clich reaction to others just seemed cardboard instead of lifelike.  The same could be said for Ed Harris who obviously has discovered that he doesn't have to play the outlaying father any further in films.  He was completely wasted in this film.  Was there any emotion with him?  I didn't see any.  Then there was the pitiful contribution by Hall and David that begin with intrigue, but were dropped faster than a big ole sack of potatoes.  Also, did Mantegna take a class on how to be a one-dimensional clich?  Urg, his portrayal of the police office was a disgrace to those that genuinely play one-dimensional police officers.  Again, the only actor worth watching was Kiefer because he not only spoke with evil, but demonstrated that he was capable of anything vile.  It was his sole performance that made this film decent to watch to the end.  If I have to talk about the story I think I am just going to go mad myself.  Field over dramatized the entire film, thus creating uncertainty amongst the viewer.  Did Kiefer get a bad image because he was bad or because Field wanted to see him as evil?  That could have been a great avenue for this film to travel, but alas, ole safe Schlesinger didn't take us down that darker path.  I needed more to develop what Hall and David were doing at the support groups, but it seemed like that story was dropped rather quickly as the ending needed to be wrapped up gently in a comfort blanket for viewers.  This was yet another dark avenue that was not explored.  I felt as if I saw these dark avenues with the director and the cast, yet we chose to stay on the lighted path.  That, coupled with the poor acting, just created a film that didn't catch my attention and fully contributed nothing to the cinematic world.If I have to talk about the story I think I am just going to go mad myself.  Field over dramatized the entire film, thus creating uncertainty amongst the viewer.  Did Kiefer get a bad image because he was bad or because Field wanted to see him as evil?  That could have been a great avenue for this film to travel, but alas, ole safe Schlesinger didn't take us down that darker path.  I needed more to develop what Hall and David were doing at the support groups, but it seemed like that story was dropped rather quickly as the ending needed to be wrapped up gently in a comfort blanket for viewers.  This was yet another dark avenue that was not explored.  I felt as if I saw these dark avenues with the director and the cast, yet we chose to stay on the lighted path.  That, coupled with the poor acting, just created a film that didn't catch my attention and fully contributed nothing to the cinematic world.Overall, in case it wasn't obvious, this wasn't a good movie at all.  In fact, I could go through the rest of my life without thinking of this movie again.  I thought only horror movies had the stated Scream rules and somehow could stick to the same tired pattern over and over again, but with Eye for an Eye it became obvious that it the "Revenge Thrill" fell into that same pattern.  The only trouble is that horror films actually have fun with that repetitive structure, this film did not.  Sally Field was horrible and should really consider a strong independent film to bring her back to the spotlight, while everyone else was forgettable.  The only fun part was watching Jack Bauer play the epitome of evil.  Watch this film for Kiefer, but nothing else.  Skip it!Overall, in case it wasn't obvious, this wasn't a good movie at all.  In fact, I could go through the rest of my life without thinking of this movie again.  I thought only horror movies had the stated Scream rules and somehow could stick to the same tired pattern over and over again, but with Eye for an Eye it became obvious that it the "Revenge Thrill" fell into that same pattern.  The only trouble is that horror films actually have fun with that repetitive structure, this film did not.  Sally Field was horrible and should really consider a strong independent film to bring her back to the spotlight, while everyone else was forgettable.  The only fun part was watching Jack Bauer play the epitome of evil.  Watch this film for Kiefer, but nothing else.  Skip it!Grade: * out of ****
 This is a surprisingly poor movie. Although it has some well-known actors, and a notable director, the material was just presented badly and predictably - like a lousy late night TV-movie with profanity inserted to liven it up.This is a surprisingly poor movie. Although it has some well-known actors, and a notable director, the material was just presented badly and predictably - like a lousy late night TV-movie with profanity inserted to liven it up.The movie makes a simplified joke of the legal system and its sterotypical failings (though legitimate in many cases). It also glosses over the grieving process of the family, ignores the normal safety warnings to the remaining child, overdoes Kiefer Sutherland's character flaws (which are considerable nevertheless), and generally oversimplifies everything into a neat package to which you already know the ending because of the spoiler title.The movie makes a simplified joke of the legal system and its sterotypical failings (though legitimate in many cases). It also glosses over the grieving process of the family, ignores the normal safety warnings to the remaining child, overdoes Kiefer Sutherland's character flaws (which are considerable nevertheless), and generally oversimplifies everything into a neat package to which you already know the ending because of the spoiler title.In one particularly-bad scene, after taking martial arts classes and other measures to prepare herself mentally and physically, Sally's character simply stares open-mouthed and dumbfounded at Keifer's character when they meet on the street and he talks to her.In one particularly-bad scene, after taking martial arts classes and other measures to prepare herself mentally and physically, Sally's character simply stares open-mouthed and dumbfounded at Keifer's character when they meet on the street and he talks to her.I don't know what I missed that the 4- and 5-star reviewers like so much. I only see wide-spread mediocrity.I don't know what I missed that the 4- and 5-star reviewers like so much. I only see wide-spread mediocrity.I would only recommend this for fans of Keifer. "Ssssssorry", Sally, not your best role or movie. Ditto Ed Harris, whose other movies I generally like.I would only recommend this for fans of Keifer. "Ssssssorry", Sally, not your best role or movie. Ditto Ed Harris, whose other movies I generally like.
 Subtitled guy's mom is sick. The guy is also depressed. Meets a ex-hustler on beach. They kiss, fight, make-up, over and over.(most of the movie) They break up. Boy meets hustler's ex and they play with dog on beach. The End
 I saw this one in the theater after a friend of a friend convinced me to see it with him (he was seeing it for a second time.) After the first ten minutes, I wanted to leave. If you like formulaic and predictable movies that attempt to convince dumb American youth from small, hick towns that they actually have a future beyond their local Wal-Mart or becoming mince-meat in Iraq, then this movie is for you!  However, if you like movies that actually challenge you to think, don't waste your time with this one
 This terrible movie has singing!  Bad singing, and lots of it!  Overacted, trite, and BORING!  All those good reviews, I thought it would be campy and cool, but it's NOT! 
 I absolutely abhor this film. Want to know why? Because it labled 'Valley of the Dolls' and everything Jacqueline Susann ever wrote into 'great campy fun'. Now I don't know this for certain, but I don't think Jacqueline Susann wanted people to see her books as cheesy comedies. I think she wanted people to take her work seriously, and with this awfully made film, no one did. To others, the film might be so bad it's funny, but to devoted fans of the book it's just depressing. The movie was made in 1967, a year after the book was published and you can see that Jacqueline Susann was ahead of her time, because the film is poorly adapted and very censored. You know you have a problem when the book would receive an R rating if transferred onto the screen, but the movie is only rated PG. Besides the sex scenes, language, pill popping and other thematic elements that are left out, important details to the plot are also missing. Anne's hatred of Lawrenceville, Helen Lawson's screen time, Jennifer's complicated and somewhat absuive relationship with Tony, Allen and Gino Cooper, Henry's character development, Jennifer's relationship with the Senator (and the reason she committs suicide), the tragic ending, etc are all either missing or are shortened down. I don't care if the movie would have been almost three hours long, I think if they had stuck close enough to the book, then everything would have been fine. What a shame. And please don't mention the casting of actors. Save for Patty Duke, I thought everyone else did a horrible job. Some of the actors didn't even look the physical part (in the book Anne is actually a blonde, Helen Lawson has dark hair and Jennifer is curvy). The thing that really gets me though is why has this film never been remade? It's almost forty years later, and I think that this story definately deserves to be given justice and have a proper film adaptation. How about Kate Bosworth as Anne Welles, Scarlett Johansson as Jennifer North, Keira Knightly as Neely O'Hara, Joaquin Phoenix as Lyon Burke, and Liza Minnelli as Helen Lawson? Well I doubt that will ever happen, so in the meantime I recommend reading the book instead, and taking it seriously the way Jacqueline Susann had intended it to be
 Nicky Cage was not very good in this cinematic decomplishment, as he turns  in a horrible acting job in this dull and boring movi
 Then why not take some responsibility as a parent and encourage the kids to sing something else?  The songs are fairly cloying adaptations of the originals, which arguably weren't that bad ("What a girl wants" and "Get this party started" were fairly tame to begin with).  Just encourage the little ones to listen to classical music if you fear the outside world will corrupt their minds
 This is an intriguing movie that compels the viewer to search for the film's deeping meaning.  I am sure that I missed much of that meaning.  However, one aspect of it is painful clear.  The crux of this movie centers on the premise that seemingly innocent women can be sexually exploited and over time they were come to accept and thrive on that exploitation.  I found that premise disturbing and unrealistic.  Also, it left me with the fear that women hating men could use that premise to justify their abuse of the opposite sex.  If so, this movie could contribute, in a small way, to the perpetuation of the subjugation of women or at least the fantasy thereof.This is an intriguing movie that compels the viewer to search for the film's deeping meaning.  I am sure that I missed much of that meaning.  However, one aspect of it is painful clear.  The crux of this movie centers on the premise that seemingly innocent women can be sexually exploited and over time they were come to accept and thrive on that exploitation.  I found that premise disturbing and unrealistic.  Also, it left me with the fear that women hating men could use that premise to justify their abuse of the opposite sex.  If so, this movie could contribute, in a small way, to the perpetuation of the subjugation of women or at least the fantasy thereof.Watch this movie if you must, but be critical of its assumptions about male/female relationships.Watch this movie if you must, but be critical of its assumptions about male/female relationships. 
 Simply put: the movie is boring.  Clich upon clich is confirmed and story lines never come together. It seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary. The main plot is very thin (a CIA agent is ordered to kill an oil prince, gets caught and then warns the prince (why?)) and therefore some elements were added to make the movie more interesting. So, a kid dies, which results in the "natural" response of the father: freely advising the person indirectly responsible for his son's death. The lawyer has a drunk "friend" and keeps him around, why, no one knows. Some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship.Simply put: the movie is boring.  Clich upon clich is confirmed and story lines never come together. It seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary. The main plot is very thin (a CIA agent is ordered to kill an oil prince, gets caught and then warns the prince (why?)) and therefore some elements were added to make the movie more interesting. So, a kid dies, which results in the "natural" response of the father: freely advising the person indirectly responsible for his son's death. The lawyer has a drunk "friend" and keeps him around, why, no one knows. Some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship.All in all, this is one of the worst movies I have seen in quite a while. I was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged. I neither laughed nor cried, I did not gain an understanding nor was I compelled to learn more or take up a cause. It meant nothing to me, which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie. All in all, this is one of the worst movies I have seen in quite a while. I was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged. I neither laughed nor cried, I did not gain an understanding nor was I compelled to learn more or take up a cause. It meant nothing to me, which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie. Save your money, save your time, choose another movie.
 The premise - that one could change specific events in ones' past through psychic concentration - could have been the foundation for a fascinating thriller.  I don't condemn the film's corollary either: that each change produces new, unforseeable tragedies.  It's the way the story is told - its ham-fisted dialogue and plot, its forced obscenity at every turn - that reveals its teen sensibilities.     It is therefore fitting that the director's preferred ending is included here.  It is the perfect catharsis for teens who "...wish I was never born!
 You only need to read the book by Whitley Strieber to know how truly disappointing this movie is.You only need to read the book by Whitley Strieber to know how truly disappointing this movie is.
  Since we know there is another version of "Burn" out there,i would suggest you wait for it and check rotten tomatoes.com and get an idea of its quality.You can not judge the quality of this film by the pan and scan,poorly coordinated color transfer that sony has issued.Brando told larry king it was his favorite film;not if he saw this package
 Read the Amazon editorial review, they are tiptoeing around saying this movie doesn't really work.  Read the Amazon editorial review, they are tiptoeing around saying this movie doesn't really work.  Modern language, ideas, and sensibilities make the whole thing feel like a contrived stage play.  And it seems to be mostly on stage sets ... there isn't much of Venice in here, so don't rent it for that reason.  (Notice I said rent ...)  Modern language, ideas, and sensibilities make the whole thing feel like a contrived stage play.  And it seems to be mostly on stage sets ... there isn't much of Venice in here, so don't rent it for that reason.  (Notice I said rent ...)  The script is weak.  The setup for the lead character's transition to life as a courtesan is abbreviated and unconvincing.  There are too many horrible moments for this to be romantic.  The story has so much more potential.The script is weak.  The setup for the lead character's transition to life as a courtesan is abbreviated and unconvincing.  There are too many horrible moments for this to be romantic.  The story has so much more potential.The only reason to see this movie is to check out Catherine McCormack.  Rufus Sewell is always good as well.The only reason to see this movie is to check out Catherine McCormack.  Rufus Sewell is always good as well.Otherwise the casting is absurd.  Fred Ward and Oliver Platt stand out as being miscast.  Jacqueline Bisset fails to persuade here
 there is a certain new-fangled school of screenwriting that thinks that if you put a bunch of characters on screen and have them make no sense of one another but sound as if theyre being profound, then they ARE. the prime example of this in recent years is the abominable "crash", but at least that was (somewhat) assuaged by strong performances. this -- arguably the worst "mainstream" motion picture of 2005 -- is redeemed by nothing. an excruciatingly long 2 hours, and as much as i (usually) enjoy george clooney, i might never forgive him for this drek
 Just rented this dvd and was quite surprised.  Normally, I'm a big George Clooney and Matt Damon fan.  However, in this film, their talents were underutilized and did not make up for the poor script, editing, and direction which made this film quite dull to watch.Just rented this dvd and was quite surprised.  Normally, I'm a big George Clooney and Matt Damon fan.  However, in this film, their talents were underutilized and did not make up for the poor script, editing, and direction which made this film quite dull to watch.While the idea behind the movie is good, it could have been more entertaing, dramatic, or suspensful.  As another reviewer remarked, I was quite tempted to shut it off after 45 minutes and watch something else.  But, I did suffer through to the end, where the film just sort of ends and leaves viewers hanging..
 This is billed as a thriller but there are hardly any thrills.  It would have benefitted from some judicious cutting to make it a little leaner.  The shaky camera work detracts from some decent scenery.This is billed as a thriller but there are hardly any thrills.  It would have benefitted from some judicious cutting to make it a little leaner.  The shaky camera work detracts from some decent scenery.The politics of the film contain no subtlety or shades of gray; I can almost see a couple of college sophomores hitting the bong and sitting down to hash out the script:The politics of the film contain no subtlety or shades of gray; I can almost see a couple of college sophomores hitting the bong and sitting down to hash out the script:Bong-hitting liberal student who has no clue about the real world #1:  ...and then she discovers the evil corporation has been testing...BHLSWHNCATRW #2: (Interrupts)  "Evil Corporation"?  Why are you being redundant?BHLSWHNCATRW #2: (Interrupts)  "Evil Corporation"?  Why are you being redundant?The only plus for my wife and I was the acting, which was great.  Fiennes was especially good, underplaying his character in the early parts of the film, resulting in a character with depth and nuance.  I only wish the rest of the film was worthy of the performances contained within it
    In the early 1990's this movie was definitely made for that era. Just look at the clothing and hair. High top fades etc. Graffiti Bridge was definitely unique. It should have been released on cable t.v. instead of the theater. It was more of a musical then a actual movie. Prince somehow has his own ways of doing things in his own world. And he may not care about record sales or what people think of what he puts out, but it makes even the most loyal fans question what he is doing. The talent he has is amazing but he's become just a mediocur artist. This lack luster film may be remembered a hundred years from now. But as of now it's just what you call a get up and walk out film. I'm a prince fanatic, a die hard fan, but man the potential this guy has to be a mega star of our time he fails to meet. You haft to make people believe in you and really reach them and relate. If only Prince could relate to what people are feeling now and what they want. Prince somehow fell behind because the youth of this generation moved on while he stayed stagnet. I think he shut the world out and it just went on turning. Record sales may not matter to him, but fans you must keep loyal. Graffiti bridge is a film in my collection and I just look at it as my collection but nothing more. It's a film that makes you think. It's spiritual and there are some warm moments. Now Purple Rain is something not to be missed. I recommend that one. Enjoy
 Oh man, this is really (...)!!!Oh man, this is really (...)!!!I rent this DVD,I REALLY, REALLY glad, I rented it didn't buy this Crap! I thought this series of GHOST stories come from J-Horrors. Would be real shocking and scary,Gory. That's what u expected from j-horror!!..It was looks like our TWILLIGT ZONE series was made for TV have silly special effects..Kind of slow pasted stories little silly suspense here and there..Just lame! Wasn't scary at all!. . Definitely SKIP this, It just wasting time and money, I was wondering another review from "THOM" Did he really SAW this movie or someone told him about it? ..He gave this movie 5 STARS????? LOL!! U TRIPPIN DUDE!!.B
 I purchased this DVD a while ago - FYI - A documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie.  I went to the web site to complain and my profile could not be found.  Here, years later, when I'm finally placing another through Amazon They found my account and noted that I purchased Meet John Doe.  I guess it's a little late to complain now
 I recently purchased this DVD and was beyond disappointed with it.  I actually ended up fast forwarding just to get through it.  I expected a true documentary with maybe a few interviews with people who were there, with the firemen, or anyone at all but the video is mostly silent.  I can hear the fire fighters radios but most of it is so staticky it's hard to make out.  The film has a few comments by the person taping it but that's it.  The film also pretty much stays focused on just a couple of areas of rubble.  I found nothing at all in this film that brought any emotion to me other than boredom.  I own several other documentaries that I watch over and over as I don't want to forget the feelings I felt on 911 but this film is lacking greatly in bringing any kind of human element to this horror that was inflicted on our country.  This DVD was a HUGE waste of both my time and money.     
 Like other reviewers, I found MeetThe Parents mildly amusing and this sequel was in the 3 for $25 bin at Hollywood so I figured "Why not?"Well here's why not. It presents the main character's parents as crude, clueless buffoons, and having no social judgement whatsoever, but it seems the writers want the audience to think of them as cool and hip. And for some odd reason they live in a house that resembles the castle on Fantasy Island. I'm surprised they didn't include a sex with a midget scene. Nobody would want their daughter to marry into this family let alone a right wing former CIA agent, who was set up as an object of ridicule. Oh, and they had to be Jewish too. Streisand and Hoffman should be ashamed of themselves portraying their own people in such an unflattering way. {"Our people don't shoot ducks, dear")Do former CIA agents make enough money to live in mansions and buy a custom built RV that would cost at least $250 k? The toilet humor and profanity wouldn't have made it into "Dumb and Dumber"Nothing reedeming or funny here. Fuhgeddaboutit
 I'll cut to the meta-chase since plot and story have already been well outlined in previous reviews...I'll cut to the meta-chase since plot and story have already been well outlined in previous reviews...The basic message of this film seems to be that state controlled "education" is worthy of resurrection and total dictatorship is the way to achieve it. Though the latter point is probably true, the former is questionable indeed. Why try and save an obviously moribund and mindless system of government indoctrination from its own demise? Don't blame the kids, you have only to look at the state of the world to see the utter failure that so-called educated people have already created everywhere, with world fascism now its ultimate fruitage, and the kids at some level know it...Clearly we urgently need a new vision of education altogether, but this film only asks us to glorify what has already died...The basic message of this film seems to be that state controlled "education" is worthy of resurrection and total dictatorship is the way to achieve it. Though the latter point is probably true, the former is questionable indeed. Why try and save an obviously moribund and mindless system of government indoctrination from its own demise? Don't blame the kids, you have only to look at the state of the world to see the utter failure that so-called educated people have already created everywhere, with world fascism now its ultimate fruitage, and the kids at some level know it...Clearly we urgently need a new vision of education altogether, but this film only asks us to glorify what has already died...
 Yes, this is a supernatural psycological thriller... but far from a good one as far as I'm concerned.Yes, this is a supernatural psycological thriller... but far from a good one as far as I'm concerned.I love these kinds of stories and I went to see this film with a lot of excitement... first because it has a interesting subject. Second because it has a great actor. I thought Denzel Washington would never associate himself with a bad script... but I was wrong.I love these kinds of stories and I went to see this film with a lot of excitement... first because it has a interesting subject. Second because it has a great actor. I thought Denzel Washington would never associate himself with a bad script... but I was wrong.But Denzel is always top notch. The rest isn't.But Denzel is always top notch. The rest isn't.By now you already know the story. A good detective... a killer who happens to me a demon who happens to pass from person to person just by touch... the hunt... blah blah blah....By now you already know the story. A good detective... a killer who happens to me a demon who happens to pass from person to person just by touch... the hunt... blah blah blah....The script is idiot from page one.The killer (as we will see as the story develops) travels by simple touch. So... excuse me... why doesn't the killer passes to a guard as he is going to be executed??? I mean... The guy is sooo powerful (and mobile) that I find it unbelievable that he gets to be executed in the first place.The killer (as we will see as the story develops) travels by simple touch. So... excuse me... why doesn't the killer passes to a guard as he is going to be executed??? I mean... The guy is sooo powerful (and mobile) that I find it unbelievable that he gets to be executed in the first place.But... ok... let's give the screenwriters a break.But... ok... let's give the screenwriters a break.Somewhere in the middle of the film, the demon enters a cat. Ok... so he can enter all kinds of animals. Fine.Somewhere in the middle of the film, the demon enters a cat. Ok... so he can enter all kinds of animals. Fine.Later on, the main character learns that in order to defeat the demon, he must kill his body in a place where there is nobody around. His brilliant idea: the forest. Full of animals.Later on, the main character learns that in order to defeat the demon, he must kill his body in a place where there is nobody around. His brilliant idea: the forest. Full of animals.Was I the only one who did not know the ending before it came????Was I the only one who did not know the ending before it came????Want more?Want more?In an interesting twist, the protagonist kills an innocent man and later on... his own brother. And no one will believe the truth! How is he gonna get out of such a mess???In an interesting twist, the protagonist kills an innocent man and later on... his own brother. And no one will believe the truth! How is he gonna get out of such a mess???In the world of storytelling, there are only two ways of getting out of such an impossibly difficult situation: EITHER the screenwriter is brilliant and finds a believable way to save his character from the master mess built by the screenwriter himself - so he should know! (and then we get some sort of positive ending despite everything...) OR something deep inside the protagonist fails and he loses the battle against evil (despite the fact that there was a way out).In the world of storytelling, there are only two ways of getting out of such an impossibly difficult situation: EITHER the screenwriter is brilliant and finds a believable way to save his character from the master mess built by the screenwriter himself - so he should know! (and then we get some sort of positive ending despite everything...) OR something deep inside the protagonist fails and he loses the battle against evil (despite the fact that there was a way out).First line of solution: Die Hard, The Fugitive.Second line of solution: S7ven, Chinatown.Second line of solution: S7ven, Chinatown.We have none of that here.We have none of that here.Instead we have an evil god against a simple man (great starter for drama, right?) ...BUT the man gets weaker and weaker and weaker... and the demon gets stronger and stronger... to the point where we get the fact that the demon IS invincible long before he actually wins. And the great turnaround never comes.Instead we have an evil god against a simple man (great starter for drama, right?) ...BUT the man gets weaker and weaker and weaker... and the demon gets stronger and stronger... to the point where we get the fact that the demon IS invincible long before he actually wins. And the great turnaround never comes.Obviously we all hope he will be defeated... and that's why I kept myself seated all through the film... because if there was a way out... it would be brilliant. If the character dropped the towel... it would be thought provoking to say the least.Obviously we all hope he will be defeated... and that's why I kept myself seated all through the film... because if there was a way out... it would be brilliant. If the character dropped the towel... it would be thought provoking to say the least.But no... the ending was easy and predictable. The screenwriter could not achieve one of the two possible lines of solutions. He wrote the first thing that came to his mind and hid himself under "The story ends bad" label. Without any depth.But no... the ending was easy and predictable. The screenwriter could not achieve one of the two possible lines of solutions. He wrote the first thing that came to his mind and hid himself under "The story ends bad" label. Without any depth.Every villain has a weak point. It is up to the hero to explore it (may he loose or win). The only problem the hero faces here is a stupid lack of data. We have the data the moment the demon enters a cat. That's why we know how's gonna end.Every villain has a weak point. It is up to the hero to explore it (may he loose or win). The only problem the hero faces here is a stupid lack of data. We have the data the moment the demon enters a cat. That's why we know how's gonna end.What about the girl who helps Denzel? What about his nephew? Shouldn't they be part of the ending too? Don't come with the "this is an open-ending" kind of talk!What about the girl who helps Denzel? What about his nephew? Shouldn't they be part of the ending too? Don't come with the "this is an open-ending" kind of talk!Do I sense a smell of desire for a sequel?Quick! Gas masks!!!! Or... as A.C.Doyle would write: "Quick, Dr. Watson, the needle!"Quick! Gas masks!!!! Or... as A.C.Doyle would write: "Quick, Dr. Watson, the needle!"Despite a stupid screenplay. Denzel is always great.
 Sit down under a tree, give it a big hug, fire up you bong and go to sleep. That's what I was waiting for Freeman to do all movie. It's a shame that special effects that were so ground breaking were waisted on this Sci-fi Hippie flick. I'm surprised that Freeman's suit wasn't tie-dyed. Keep your money say no to drugs!
 i bought this thinking that this would be fun and a decent workout, i tried it a few times but just couldnt get in to it. it go's a bit fast but i know i could get used to it, but they have very big steps and they lung into it and i think it would be better if they work up to it i kept finding myself rewinding it to do the step corretly i dont realy strive for perfection i just want to do it some what right. there are better ones out there than this, but i think i am going to try it again cuz it wasnt so bad that i am going to quit it
 I saw this movie for the first time, and I found out that it is very VERY violent. And I laughed at some good parts, but the scene where Amy hits the wildlife keeper on the head with a frying pan for trying to cut the baby geese's wing IS NOT WHAT YOU WANT YOUR KIDS TO SEE. I think that this movie should be taken off the market, but this type of film has no place in the lives of young children.   
 The DVD is really a deception. All the experts invited are the ones that support Gnostic theory. I was hoping that I can see a balanced view related to this subject. Instead, I only see the point of view of the pro Dan Brown's experts. I think we should invite the famous evangelists, theologists, and scholars from the protestant, cathodic and liberal to discuss the issue. The DVD does not even discuss why the Gnostic theory was rejected in the first century.
 Sat down and saw this one on televion.Sat down and saw this one on televion.Only good service was that now I know buying the DVD would be a waste of money.Only good service was that now I know buying the DVD would be a waste of money.What was actually achieved by the British is portrayed as an American achievement. Slanders the U-boat men portraying them as heartless marauders. Other than allied Propoganda pieces, There are no incidents of U-boats machinegunning people in lifeboats. What was actually achieved by the British is portrayed as an American achievement. Slanders the U-boat men portraying them as heartless marauders. Other than allied Propoganda pieces, There are no incidents of U-boats machinegunning people in lifeboats. The movie itself I have little respect. Basicly Plotless and  unrealistic. Action scenes unbelievable. Characters Two Dimensional. The movie itself I have little respect. Basicly Plotless and  unrealistic. Action scenes unbelievable. Characters Two Dimensional. This film Awful.
 Period dramas are, by definition, delicate commodities: they're balanced on that, ahem, "razor's edge" between high brow and just plain fussiness.Period dramas are, by definition, delicate commodities: they're balanced on that, ahem, "razor's edge" between high brow and just plain fussiness.I think "Howard's End" is a case of a robust novel buried in tea time and English lace.  Milliners, set designers and Helena Bonham Carter's hair stylist had their job cut out for them on this one
 the movie is good except this version has been editted and cut out sceens, very disapointtin
 this is NOT a good movie!  Bad acting, story, and picture!  I was hoping this would be the first anime of the 8man After dvd I had but Alass it was not.  Pass on this one unless U HAVE 2 have it
 I really enjoy both Nathan Lane & Matthew Brodderick. I'm a marginal fan of Will Ferrell (in this movie, I thought he was *way* over the top). And it seems, nothing in this movie/musical really gels.I really enjoy both Nathan Lane & Matthew Brodderick. I'm a marginal fan of Will Ferrell (in this movie, I thought he was *way* over the top). And it seems, nothing in this movie/musical really gels.I knew Nathan Lane sings really well, and was actually pleasantly surprised at Matthew Brodericks singing voice. Not pitchy at all - good voice. But the plot was lame & slow. The songs didn't flow well. And, I belived it was too much "stage" and not enough of a movie.I knew Nathan Lane sings really well, and was actually pleasantly surprised at Matthew Brodericks singing voice. Not pitchy at all - good voice. But the plot was lame & slow. The songs didn't flow well. And, I belived it was too much "stage" and not enough of a movie.And, I didn't really find it that "dark" (even though that's how this movie was advertised). Mild satire maybe, but nothing near dark. It's more accurately described as bland!And, I didn't really find it that "dark" (even though that's how this movie was advertised). Mild satire maybe, but nothing near dark. It's more accurately described as bland!Frankly, nothing in it worked for me. It was a big disappointment. If you're *really* into musicals, then you might like it just for the singing - that's the only reason I stuck with it for the first 45 minutes. Maybe my grandparents would like it... I don't know. I'm somewhat confused by the positive reviews here.Frankly, nothing in it worked for me. It was a big disappointment. If you're *really* into musicals, then you might like it just for the singing - that's the only reason I stuck with it for the first 45 minutes. Maybe my grandparents would like it... I don't know. I'm somewhat confused by the positive reviews here.But I just had to shut it off - there was nothing advancing the plot or the characters, so I just didn't care how it ended.But I just had to shut it off - there was nothing advancing the plot or the characters, so I just didn't care how it ended.1 star for the plot, 1.5 stars for the screenplay, 2 stars for the singing
 The biggest draw for me in anime is an engaging plotline that really makes you think in new directions.  Witch Hunter Robin was recommended to me by a fellow lover of the more serious type of anime.  I didn't like it; I found the plotline to be predictable and forced with a 'so-that's-it?' ending I hated.The biggest draw for me in anime is an engaging plotline that really makes you think in new directions.  Witch Hunter Robin was recommended to me by a fellow lover of the more serious type of anime.  I didn't like it; I found the plotline to be predictable and forced with a 'so-that's-it?' ending I hated.The animation is top quality with lots of dark tones and the music is appropriately spooky.  Good visuals don't make up for bad story though.  This serious drama geared is towards adults, and not children.  If you like dramatic build-up that delivers, humor, or romantic comedy give this a pass
 Hi folks,Hi folks,Don't  get your pants in a bunch at the low review...its NOT for the movie..its for the appallingly bad DVD.  Grainy and soft...I can't believe they couldn't produce a finer representation of a multi award winning and in general beloved piece of work by all concerned.  This isn't even VHS quality...but then ARTISAN isn't known for  quality...its cheap enough to get anyway and throw away when  a REAL quality version  is released.
 I made the mistake of watching it after seeing how many stars (4) it received from other viewers. The plot was butchered, the characters twisted, the story ruined, a pure agony. Marilla is fat and ugly. Wasn't it supposed to be Rachel Lynde's character? Matthew is sly and conniving and very outspoken. What happened to endearing shy Matthew? Rachel Lynde had been merged with Mrs. Barry, Dianna's mother, and hence Mrs. Rachel Barry (Oh brother). Dianna is a petit blond and not a dimpled raven black haired damsel, who gets married behind the scenes without her bosom friend who was sent to Queens at 18 as a punishment. Anne and Gilbert are secret lovers brutally separated by Marilla who is crossed with Gilbert's father for stealing Matthew's sweetheart many years ago. Get the picture? This movie has no merits as related to the book. It might have some as a stand-alone creation but I haven't found any. I wasted nearly an hour and a half of my life and was bitterly disappointed, irritated and nauseated. The creators of this movie were definitely not kindred spirits! Do yourself a favor, if you really like the Anne books don't watch this movie. Oh, and I do wish Peter Jackson (Lord of the Rings) will fall in love with the books and make proper and ACCURATE movies out of them. Do you hear me Peter?Oh, and I do wish Peter Jackson (Lord of the Rings) will fall in love with the books and make proper and ACCURATE movies out of them. Do you hear me Peter?
 I'll be right up front and admit that I do not own this DVD. I hesitated writing a review for it because of that fact. But then I realized that if you're reviewing a DVD, 90% of the review must be based on the movie itself, and having saw the movie when it was released, and having seen it again on the various cable channels, I felt I could write a respectable reveiw.I'll be right up front and admit that I do not own this DVD. I hesitated writing a review for it because of that fact. But then I realized that if you're reviewing a DVD, 90% of the review must be based on the movie itself, and having saw the movie when it was released, and having seen it again on the various cable channels, I felt I could write a respectable reveiw.Frankly, the movie barely approaches a "B-Movie" status. It's only claim to fame is that it was the first major Hollywood motion picture that did not portray homosexuals in a bad light.Frankly, the movie barely approaches a "B-Movie" status. It's only claim to fame is that it was the first major Hollywood motion picture that did not portray homosexuals in a bad light.The plot is rather unbelievable, naming the fact that all three main characters are leaders in their field.... successful author, high-ranking network producer, top-rate doctor. Nobody has a profession, or is in a position, with which the audience can relate. The dialog is forced and, at times, rather cliche. Acting is acceptable, though supporting cast members are rather amateurish. Direction is functional, at best.The plot is rather unbelievable, naming the fact that all three main characters are leaders in their field.... successful author, high-ranking network producer, top-rate doctor. Nobody has a profession, or is in a position, with which the audience can relate. The dialog is forced and, at times, rather cliche. Acting is acceptable, though supporting cast members are rather amateurish. Direction is functional, at best.One glaring problem is the tendency for the movie to suddenly switch from drama to documentary. After or before key scenes, the camera cuts to a monologue from one of the main characters. The effect is startling, doesn't advance the story, and only serves to distract the viewers and lessen the already-weak emotional impact of the film.One glaring problem is the tendency for the movie to suddenly switch from drama to documentary. After or before key scenes, the camera cuts to a monologue from one of the main characters. The effect is startling, doesn't advance the story, and only serves to distract the viewers and lessen the already-weak emotional impact of the film.To its credit, the actors did whole-heartedly portray gay characters and gay love scenes. At the time, gay characters were never portrayed in a positive light from the media, and it was a great risk to do so here. There were no previous movie experiences of this topic that the director and actors were able to draw on, and they did the best they could.To its credit, the actors did whole-heartedly portray gay characters and gay love scenes. At the time, gay characters were never portrayed in a positive light from the media, and it was a great risk to do so here. There were no previous movie experiences of this topic that the director and actors were able to draw on, and they did the best they could.It was a very ambitious project and was supposed to be ground-breaking and revolutionary, but the weaknesses in the film never raised it high enough to truly make much of a difference in society. This is absolutely proven by the fact that Brokeback Mountain, released about two decades later, had to work very hard to break the same stereotypes that Making Love previously attempted to break. The difference is that Brokeback Mountain was a true work of art impeccable in its execution and actually broke ground and stereotypes, and Making Love all but disappeared in the annals of time.It was a very ambitious project and was supposed to be ground-breaking and revolutionary, but the weaknesses in the film never raised it high enough to truly make much of a difference in society. This is absolutely proven by the fact that Brokeback Mountain, released about two decades later, had to work very hard to break the same stereotypes that Making Love previously attempted to break. The difference is that Brokeback Mountain was a true work of art impeccable in its execution and actually broke ground and stereotypes, and Making Love all but disappeared in the annals of time.If you're a collector of good film, this really wouldn't be part of your collection. To add into a collection of films showing early portrayals of homosexuals and homosexual relationships, it would be very appropriate. Sadly, it really is good for only that one reason, as part of a collection of gay films throughout the years
 This series might be considered a classic if watched by a 12-year-old, but adults will see though the indistinct plot and characters. Most of the plot's famous "unpleasantness" is just tacked on to the main story, and is of no significance.This series might be considered a classic if watched by a 12-year-old, but adults will see though the indistinct plot and characters. Most of the plot's famous "unpleasantness" is just tacked on to the main story, and is of no significance.Apart from putting several of the characters though lots of physical abuses, nothing much gets accomplished thought the series. The main female character clocks about 100 words of dialog across the entire series, so don't bother waiting for any meaningful information from her. The male lead has the typical task of pointing out all the flaws in the alternate world he's been transported to, inbetween having the stuffing beaten out of him.Apart from putting several of the characters though lots of physical abuses, nothing much gets accomplished thought the series. The main female character clocks about 100 words of dialog across the entire series, so don't bother waiting for any meaningful information from her. The male lead has the typical task of pointing out all the flaws in the alternate world he's been transported to, inbetween having the stuffing beaten out of him.The most arbitrary abuses are handed out to a young woman, who's included in the story for no reason except to be abused- you can almost hear the writers saying, "I got it! Let's rape a little girl, that'll make it REAL! Yeah, Yeah, I like it!" Having served her purpose, the character then vanishes until being plopped back in near the end of the series, so a little more misery can be dumped on her.The most arbitrary abuses are handed out to a young woman, who's included in the story for no reason except to be abused- you can almost hear the writers saying, "I got it! Let's rape a little girl, that'll make it REAL! Yeah, Yeah, I like it!" Having served her purpose, the character then vanishes until being plopped back in near the end of the series, so a little more misery can be dumped on her.All the characters suffer from lack of depth and motivation. The releative standout would be the villian, who suffers from bipolarism, and alternates between terror, anger, delight, and misery, somtimes all within the same scene. Too bad that was about all he did in the show.All the characters suffer from lack of depth and motivation. The releative standout would be the villian, who suffers from bipolarism, and alternates between terror, anger, delight, and misery, somtimes all within the same scene. Too bad that was about all he did in the show.Well, that's about enough. If you have an appetite for "Kid saves alternate universe" themed anime, then you may like this. But I found it lifeless and massively overrated
 Alexander is portrayed as a neurotic and tortured individual who is shoved into power and conquest by his mother and turned into a monster by lust for authority. The character in this movie appears to have very little in common with the ambitious and thoughtful young man described by Aristotle. Watching this movie you get the feeling that Alexander and his men were a gang of sexually confused young boys who conquered the ancient world pretty much by accident.Alexander is portrayed as a neurotic and tortured individual who is shoved into power and conquest by his mother and turned into a monster by lust for authority. The character in this movie appears to have very little in common with the ambitious and thoughtful young man described by Aristotle. Watching this movie you get the feeling that Alexander and his men were a gang of sexually confused young boys who conquered the ancient world pretty much by accident.There is far too much emphasis here on the non-essential, and every conflict in this story is a contrived account of Alexander's strained relationships with his mother, father, friends and his own identity. If you're looking for a narrative on the epic story of the most important figure of ancient Greece, look elsewhere. This is the story of insignificant things in the life of a man who happened to be significant.
 How do you spell 'sucks'? Easy - A-L-E-X-A-N-D-E-R!How do you spell 'sucks'? Easy - A-L-E-X-A-N-D-E-R!I loved Stone's JFK, but this... Words fail me, but I'll try to find a few. Okay, the pros? Angelina Jolie. I've never been a big fan of hers, but, boy, was she the hottest woman alive in this movie! More pros? Hmmm. Certainly not the action sequences which were muddled and hard to follow. Certainly not the weird Irish accents the lead characters adopted. Certainly not the story.I loved Stone's JFK, but this... Words fail me, but I'll try to find a few. Okay, the pros? Angelina Jolie. I've never been a big fan of hers, but, boy, was she the hottest woman alive in this movie! More pros? Hmmm. Certainly not the action sequences which were muddled and hard to follow. Certainly not the weird Irish accents the lead characters adopted. Certainly not the story.This is just one of those films you believe can be so bad and that something cool is gonna happen the instant you hit the off button, so it stays your finger. My advice? HIT THAT BUTTON!This is just one of those films you believe can be so bad and that something cool is gonna happen the instant you hit the off button, so it stays your finger. My advice? HIT THAT BUTTON!And I won't even mention the blonde wig!
 Great movie. The problem is in the medium of delivery.  There are 2 dvds in the package. Each dvd contains approximately 1/2 of the movie.  The audience/customer would be better served if the entire movie was on one dvd.Great movie. The problem is in the medium of delivery.  There are 2 dvds in the package. Each dvd contains approximately 1/2 of the movie.  The audience/customer would be better served if the entire movie was on one dvd.In addition, the 2nd dvd is defective.   The scene where Alexander's father is assasinated consists of some normal footage, many lengthy 'still' pictures, no picture at all for a period of time, and a short period that looked like satelite feed was breaking -- all on a dvd that's supposed to be flawless
 The first half hour of this 90 minute movie is actually quite good.  In fact, it is enthralling and has an interesting twist in that we don't know the real fact behind whether a young woman was violated by her boyfriend while unconscious.  According to the rumor (the rumor being a school experiment conducted by three roommates) she was, however, but we the audience don't know that.  However, the young woman is quick to think she has been raped.  Why there is no attempt at a physical exam, is unexplained, especially since the young woman involved has the reputation of being a professional virgin, however it turns out she isn't, so that's why the movie lasts longer than 30 minutes.  Fortunately, we're not dealing with unwanted pregnancies, either, so this doesn't turn into a soap opera.  However, we do have the dreamboat "hero" who dreams up the rumor about her being raped, and who exhibits unlikeable traits throughout. But that's true of the three leads - the roommates are all unlikeable, being insufferably full of themselves.  The last half of the film, 'dreamboat' takes the turn as lead character, and it's his story we're following, whereas his female roommate had the first half of the film, and basically it's her introduction to the audience of all the characters. Turns out 'dreamboat' and the young woman victim have a history together; which means issues they have to work out, and everyone else (in a way, the entire student body and its faculty and local law enforcement) is sucked into their story and mutual thirst for truth, though the characters don't have the same truth in mind - it's about vengeance; not justice.  And vengeance when it's not the comic book variety, isn't fun for an audience, it's just distasteful.  In other words, the man and woman should have been shut up together in a room so they could have worked it out for themselves, and left the rest of us alone.  So from a brilliant first half-hour - and btw how does the roommate penniless art student have the dollars for all that tech equipment? - we degenerate into a constantly weaving pattern of lies and deceptions that seems more pointless than clever.  There is merely too much story, so it becomes ridiculous.  A basically good premise is ruined.  If you are a fan of any of the stars involved, it might be worth viewing, if only once, but the film as a whole will probably leave a vile taste in your mouth.  Perhaps that's the ultimate message on a film about the dangers of spreading GOSSIP, or in this case deliberate lies, is that what goes around comes around, and also it will leave you feeling sick to your stomach.  I almost recommend you watch the first 30-45 min then quit midway, but anyone will watch all the way thru at least once, just to be sure where this is headed
 this movie is one of the 3 ~worst~ movies I've ever seen.these 98 minutes seemed more like 6 hours.these 98 minutes seemed more like 6 hours.and for chrissake - he's NOT an american
 This tepid,disappointing sequel is far better than Beyond the Re-Animator but dosen't equal a good sequel to the excellent original. Dr.Herbert West and his friend Dan re-animate dead bodies and when Dan's girlfriend is dying she is re-animated just like Bride of Frankenstein. The gore effects are good including the crawling eyeball but the movie becomes tedious and more predictable as it goes along. The new director Brian Yuzna does a good job taking over Stuart Gordon but this movie fails to entertain and make watchable that this looks like a Sci/Fi channel movie that would debut on TV and the movie is just disappointing compared to the first with a new cast(Except Jeffrey Combs and Bruce Abbott),lower production values and lower budget,and tepid to atrocious acting. If you seen the first your not missing much but for some reason you can recommend this instead of Beyond the Re-Animator. 
 There is one thing I finally grasped upon watching 'The 40 Year Old Virgin', however.  I came to the realization that Hollywood has to remake movies now over and over and over again because the films that try to be unique ('The 40 Year Old Virgin') are so awful that studio heads need to go elsewhere for their ideas.There is one thing I finally grasped upon watching 'The 40 Year Old Virgin', however.  I came to the realization that Hollywood has to remake movies now over and over and over again because the films that try to be unique ('The 40 Year Old Virgin') are so awful that studio heads need to go elsewhere for their ideas.Of course, they're laughing all the way to the bank because the brain dead inside and outside of the continental United States will be for, and laugh at, anything.Of course, they're laughing all the way to the bank because the brain dead inside and outside of the continental United States will be for, and laugh at, anything.This film is popular because Steve Carrell makes the same faces and has the same delivery that he did/does on 'The Office', and people just love those mannerisms (Ricky Gervals is better in the same role, by the way...but that's neither here nor there).   It certainly couldn't be because it's funny.This film is popular because Steve Carrell makes the same faces and has the same delivery that he did/does on 'The Office', and people just love those mannerisms (Ricky Gervals is better in the same role, by the way...but that's neither here nor there).   It certainly couldn't be because it's funny.The general concept of a 40 year old virgin has promise.  That concept added with the most boiled down Middle School potty jokes is not.  The general concept of a 40 year old virgin has promise.  That concept added with the most boiled down Middle School potty jokes is not.  That concept added to a girl who wants to take him home but is too drunk to drive, yet she does it anyway and runs into dozens of objects is not.  That concept added to a girl who wants to take him home but is too drunk to drive, yet she does it anyway and runs into dozens of objects is not.  That concept added with a cross eyed Asian woman waxing his hairy chest while they show extreme close up's of Carrells large nose as he screams vulgarities into the lens is not.That concept added with a cross eyed Asian woman waxing his hairy chest while they show extreme close up's of Carrells large nose as he screams vulgarities into the lens is not.That concept added with 60 year old Middle Eastern Salesmen using every sexual metaphor out loud is not.That concept added with 60 year old Middle Eastern Salesmen using every sexual metaphor out loud is not.You get the drift.  Maybe the boat left and I wasn't on the boat.  Maybe I'm not 12 years old anymore and am amused by jokes you used to hear outside at recess playing tether ball and eating Chocodiles.You get the drift.  Maybe the boat left and I wasn't on the boat.  Maybe I'm not 12 years old anymore and am amused by jokes you used to hear outside at recess playing tether ball and eating Chocodiles.If you like juvenile humor, watch something like 'Better Off Dead' or 'Caddyshack'.  Watch a movie that doesn't have to try so hard to write something vulgar to get a laugh.If you like juvenile humor, watch something like 'Better Off Dead' or 'Caddyshack'.  Watch a movie that doesn't have to try so hard to write something vulgar to get a laugh.Sincerely,Sincerely,Bill Cosb
 One of the most overrated comedy shows ever. Basically the calibre of a high school talent show. In a way it reminds me of Tom Goes To The Mayor, seemingly fitting into a comedy niche I don't understand which is more about being weird than being clever, but it seems like it's even more about being dull than being weird. I've heard improv described as being not about trying to think of something funny to say but just saying whatever comes into your head. I think these guys took that a bit too much to heart. Maybe the fans see some subtle naunces I'm missing, but to me it seems like I could have written most of this material with little effort.
 This movie would get 5 stars if it were not carressing with one hand - portraying the Gospel of John beautifully through the movie - and slapping Yahushua/Jesusand serious scholars in the face with the other hand.  The so-called "scholarly"comments, for example about how the Gospel was written 200 years after the events, are by and largeintellectually dishonest and quite simplyinaccurate.  Even the lowliest of Bible scholars, if honest, will realize this.It is very sad to see people making a buck off the Bible, while trying to tearit down at the same time.  The worst examples of Scripture put downs are in the 3rdDVD.  I gave the movie to a relative without that add on
 ..I recently purchased the first "House" movie, i remember watching it as a kid, it was apparently alot scarier during my adolesence, anyways the second one came with it for free, and i must say it was garbage, i did not have the patience to sit thru this crap, i now use this dvd disc as a cup coaster.Peace
 I was a fan of House(the first of the series) and so purchased the combo DVD set of House and House 2.  I watched both movies with a friend recently and we decided that while House is pretty good, House 2 is definitely the kind of movie you waste an hour and a half on.  It is really quite dumb, but some of the creatures(i.e. "catter-dog" as I like to call him) are kind of fun to see.  I would suggest skipping the second House unless you just want to watch a movie to see how dumb a sequel can really be;-
 The beginning is very well done, then the only interesting parts are the cat-and-mouse between Jude Law and Ed Harris.  The rest of the film is bad, I'd say. Luckily, I recorded it from TV. It is now erased. (By the way, one of the Amazon reviewers who also disliked the film wrote that Bob Hoskins is American. He's from England.
 This was the most obnoxious time waster I have ever witnessed.  I kept waiting for the Monty Python Troup to show up.  The acting was horrid.  What was with the rocks and urinating on the door??  I found myself rooting for Grendel. Of the 33 people in the theater, 10 got up and left half way through.  This was a story of great heros, not neurotic children.  Too bad Gerard Butler's career has come to this. I hope the Beowulf saga ends here and no attempt is made to do a sequel as discussed in the director interview.  I would have been ashamed to put my name on this piece of work
 For a topic this edgy, this is an incredibly dull film. The actors are good enough, mind you. But they can only do so much, because the real problem with this film is the script. For the first twenty minutes or so of screen time, the viewer is led through a series of confusing and rather disconnected scenes involving the perpetually discontented Natalie and the nice young man who turns out to be her younger brother. (You *might* not pick up on that fact at first, since there are minimal references to it in the first third of the film--certainly the two *look* nothing alike.) Finally the main part of the plot begins, with Natalie just as discontented, despite being married to a wealthy and quirky-but-ultimately-nice guy (Alan Rickman, for whose sake I watched this film at all--not worth it), and with her brother seemingly happy with his life, but somehow still willing to be drawn into a sexual relationship with his sister. From that point, things spiral--no, that's too dynamic a word to describe it--*mosey* out of control, with the fickle sister trying to break off the affair, the poor brother (the only particularly sympathetic character in the film) becoming obsessed with the relationship, and the worried hubby's suspicions growing (although not in the right direction). There's so much here that *could* have been fascinating and compelling, but isn't, on any level. The plot just wanders aimlessly through an only semi-believable situation, scattering out the occasional pebble of human misery with its slogging feet. This video seems to have disappeared from most rental shops--mercifully for the public--but I certainly wouldn't recommend resorting to buying it. 
 I wasn't impressed by this film.   First of all, I could never "buy" that Saskia Reeves and Clive Owen were a brother and sister.  Nothing in their mannerisms or physical appearances would lead you to believe that they are related.  Nor does the backstory provided by the film give any credibility to their supposed brother-sister relationship.  They might as well have been unrelated lovers having a difficult relationship due to their massive immaturity and character problems, because that's how the relationship came across. I wasn't impressed by this film.   First of all, I could never "buy" that Saskia Reeves and Clive Owen were a brother and sister.  Nothing in their mannerisms or physical appearances would lead you to believe that they are related.  Nor does the backstory provided by the film give any credibility to their supposed brother-sister relationship.  They might as well have been unrelated lovers having a difficult relationship due to their massive immaturity and character problems, because that's how the relationship came across. Personally, outside of the button-pushing topic of incest, I found this movie dull and sometimes tawdry.  Clive Owen looked and acted like a low-grade truculent Lawrence Harvey, and Saskia Reeves was simply annoying (like her character, a weak, hopeless drifter from job to job and man to man.) The only actors who showed any real feeling were Alan Rickman as the husband, and Karl Johnson as Clive Owen's AIDS-stricken boss.  Karl Johnson has the best scene in the film:  he goes to a meeting with sores around his mouth and in a wheelchair, obviously suffering from AIDS, and this very fact intimidates the guy he's gone to meet.  The man keeps trying to subtly jerk his uneaten lunch away from any contact with the Karl Johnson character, and in the end Karl Johnson seizes the guy's sandwich and bites it, then offers the other guy a bite, pushing the sandwich into his face, basically...it's a scene that crackles with his anger & pain at being trapped by this illness, which is going to kill him, while this corrupt and self-important man is able to function normally.  Personally, outside of the button-pushing topic of incest, I found this movie dull and sometimes tawdry.  Clive Owen looked and acted like a low-grade truculent Lawrence Harvey, and Saskia Reeves was simply annoying (like her character, a weak, hopeless drifter from job to job and man to man.) The only actors who showed any real feeling were Alan Rickman as the husband, and Karl Johnson as Clive Owen's AIDS-stricken boss.  Karl Johnson has the best scene in the film:  he goes to a meeting with sores around his mouth and in a wheelchair, obviously suffering from AIDS, and this very fact intimidates the guy he's gone to meet.  The man keeps trying to subtly jerk his uneaten lunch away from any contact with the Karl Johnson character, and in the end Karl Johnson seizes the guy's sandwich and bites it, then offers the other guy a bite, pushing the sandwich into his face, basically...it's a scene that crackles with his anger & pain at being trapped by this illness, which is going to kill him, while this corrupt and self-important man is able to function normally.  But aside from that wake-up call, the film dragged, and by the time Clive Owen's character was shouting in the climatic scene his realization that he's been used by his "sister" to inflate her sense of self-importance, I was long gone, with my head nodding.  But aside from that wake-up call, the film dragged, and by the time Clive Owen's character was shouting in the climatic scene his realization that he's been used by his "sister" to inflate her sense of self-importance, I was long gone, with my head nodding.  Much ado about nothing, frankly.  One star for the soundtrack; one star for the performances of Alan Rickman (what little he has to work with, he shines) and Karl Johnson.  Die-hard Clive Owen fans such as myself; eeeh, pass on this.       
 This DVD is quite expensive but yields little to justify the cost.  The film lacks any real drama and becomes terribly boring after the first ten or so minutes.  The acting is hopeless...really, really bad!  Although there are many "soldiers" involved in the battle scenes, it's all pretty unconvincing, considering the carnage of the real conflict.  In all honesty, as much as I enjoy movies of the Civil War, I'd like to return this for a refund.  Alas, that's a prospect that has,indeed, gone with the wind.  Thumbs down to this one
 Stick with Ted Turners "Gettysburg", what can I honestly say about this work of fluff.  Nothing
 First off, I am a HUGE Pixar fan. In November in '95 I took my company to see Toy Story and within 6 months of that showing I got rid of most of the employees that didn't like the film. I've seen every Pixar film at least 5o times. Nuff said.First off, I am a HUGE Pixar fan. In November in '95 I took my company to see Toy Story and within 6 months of that showing I got rid of most of the employees that didn't like the film. I've seen every Pixar film at least 5o times. Nuff said.Anyway, I liked the film Cars.. but not as much as other Pixar flicks.. Its still good..Anyway, I liked the film Cars.. but not as much as other Pixar flicks.. Its still good..However, the DVD is underwhelming: a) no commentary b) horrible deleted scenes c) not much in extras. The Route 66 mini-documentary is ok though..However, the DVD is underwhelming: a) no commentary b) horrible deleted scenes c) not much in extras. The Route 66 mini-documentary is ok though..This DVD is about as bad as the first release of A Bug's Life.. another skimpy release on DVD..This DVD is about as bad as the first release of A Bug's Life.. another skimpy release on DVD..Finally, they didn't include a tribute to Joe Ranft.. That's a huge crime in itself.
 These dvd's are a joke. If you want the ORIGINAL full length movies on dvd go on ebay. You will find versions copied from LASERDISC. They are in widescreen, digital quality, original audio and full length. They are superior to the old VHS Copies and much better then these new Dvd's.These dvd's are a joke. If you want the ORIGINAL full length movies on dvd go on ebay. You will find versions copied from LASERDISC. They are in widescreen, digital quality, original audio and full length. They are superior to the old VHS Copies and much better then these new Dvd's.Viva la revolution.........
 This movie is laughable today. It's very dated, and it shows. It's not worth your time. The acting is so-so, but felt forced (like William Shatner style). The storyline is okay. By today's standards, it appears like a low budget flick
 Well, my title says it all. There is nothing special or amazing about this movie. I don't like the three main actors, and the ending was just laughable. Sorry, but it was a stupid movie
 YOU, ME AND DUPREE is a formula film, a template designed for teenage guys who feel the need for potty mouth, noisy, crude guy things movies.  There have been a lot of these films of late (all spinoffs of The Wedding Crasher image) and one wonders if there is a saturation point.YOU, ME AND DUPREE is a formula film, a template designed for teenage guys who feel the need for potty mouth, noisy, crude guy things movies.  There have been a lot of these films of late (all spinoffs of The Wedding Crasher image) and one wonders if there is a saturation point.Relating the story is rather pointless as it is a one-line joke (?).  Dupree (Owen Wilson playing Owen Wilson) is the best man at his buddy Matt Dillon's wedding to Kate Hudson (the You and Me) and subsequently moves in with them, causing all manner of mayhem and bad taste and faux pas and grim situations (think toilet problems etc).  And that is it.  Michael Douglas was brought in to play a flat role as Kate Hudson's father who objects to her marriage blah blah blah. Ask directors Anthony and Joe Russo for the rest. Relating the story is rather pointless as it is a one-line joke (?).  Dupree (Owen Wilson playing Owen Wilson) is the best man at his buddy Matt Dillon's wedding to Kate Hudson (the You and Me) and subsequently moves in with them, causing all manner of mayhem and bad taste and faux pas and grim situations (think toilet problems etc).  And that is it.  Michael Douglas was brought in to play a flat role as Kate Hudson's father who objects to her marriage blah blah blah. Ask directors Anthony and Joe Russo for the rest. We know that Hudson, Dillon and Douglas have much better roles to offer (Wilson seems to have found his niche), and the only reason films like this keep getting made is because they make money (for some reason) at the box office.  The film is silly, tacky, tired and should only be rented if the shelves in the video store are otherwise empty...   Grady Harp, November 06 
 Here we have what has to be one of the most mind bogglingly boring movies ever made! I couldn't believe what I was watching! Moreover,I am aghast that this film garnered some acclaim and that some reviewers on these pages even saw fit to award this dreck with an unbelievable four and five star rating. What is going on? Is it me or them that has totally lost the plot of what movies are supposed to be all about? Am I naive to think that movies should first and foremost entertain? Where oh where was the entertainment in this lame effort of a film with its unsteady shaky comera work,hamfisted confusing screenplay lacking energy and inventiveness and the cloying performance of modern cinema's most tedious and overratedsleep inducing actor Ralph Fiennes?How I long for the good old days when we had great movies with great actors from great writers and great directors and which achieved what they set out to do - entertain.Sadly with the emergence of such a travesty as "The Constant Gardener" it appears that we unfortunate "real" film lovers are in for a dismal viewing future.
 This movie is a rehash of the first, but it is a crappy, unconvincing, emotionally uninspiring movie. This movie is a rehash of the first, but it is a crappy, unconvincing, emotionally uninspiring movie. Let me guess what part 3 will be about: A guy who looks at video or pictures goes back in time, does not alter that timeline the way he wants (i.e. always worst case scenario) and ends up killing himself in the end for the sake of everyone else
 After seeing the real show in L.A., my girlfriend and I were really looking forward to the DVD.  And after last night's viewing, I went to bed kinda creeped out and actually felt a little guilty that I didn't like the whole thing that much.  I'm relieved to see that other fans just couldn't handle all the audience shots either.  This DVD tries so hard to define Paul's place in our lives and his impact on the world through his music that it ends up blowing it for those of us who already know, feel, and live it.  They tried to document his music and its impact instead of just filming it.  If you're from Mars and this is your first day on Earth, you might appreciate the way the DVD attempts to explain the relevance of Paul's work.  If you've been on this planet for awhile, chances are you're already up to speed and just want to see the band and hear the music
 This really isnt a bad movie if you havent read the book, if you have read the book then think of this as another story based on the same subject. i understand that a book to movie will leave certain things out, and i accept that, but to completely change the ending is not excusable. What was wrong with the way the book ended? Like i said if you havent read the book you will like this movie although they do solve these very complex puzzles after a glance at them(even though they hide a very very valuable secret that will change the world). If you havent read the book or seen the movie do yourself a favor and pick up a copy, its a better story and its cheaper if bought in the paperback, if you dont have time to read it then get it on audio disk or tape
 First off, I am a HUGE Pixar fan. In November in '95 I took my company to see Toy Story and within 6 months of that showing I got rid of most of the employees that didn't like the film. I've seen every Pixar film at least 5o times. Nuff said.First off, I am a HUGE Pixar fan. In November in '95 I took my company to see Toy Story and within 6 months of that showing I got rid of most of the employees that didn't like the film. I've seen every Pixar film at least 5o times. Nuff said.Anyway, I liked the film Cars.. but not as much as other Pixar flicks.. Its still good..Anyway, I liked the film Cars.. but not as much as other Pixar flicks.. Its still good..However, the DVD is underwhelming: a) no commentary b) horrible deleted scenes c) not much in extras. The Route 66 mini-documentary is ok though..However, the DVD is underwhelming: a) no commentary b) horrible deleted scenes c) not much in extras. The Route 66 mini-documentary is ok though..This DVD is about as bad as the first release of A Bug's Life.. another skimpy release on DVD..This DVD is about as bad as the first release of A Bug's Life.. another skimpy release on DVD..Finally, they didn't include a tribute to Joe Ranft.. That's a huge crime in itself.
 I consider myself a huge pixar fan. This is easily the most insipid Pixar movie ever. Pixar ran out of pixie dust while making this one. I have read the rave reviews and am scratching my head trying to figure what it was that they like about this movie. Pixar, if you are listening, please, please, dont embarass yourself by dishing out this sort of c-grade stuff. I expect more from you
 This really isnt a bad movie if you havent read the book, if you have read the book then think of this as another story based on the same subject. i understand that a book to movie will leave certain things out, and i accept that, but to completely change the ending is not excusable. What was wrong with the way the book ended? Like i said if you havent read the book you will like this movie although they do solve these very complex puzzles after a glance at them(even though they hide a very very valuable secret that will change the world). If you havent read the book or seen the movie do yourself a favor and pick up a copy, its a better story and its cheaper if bought in the paperback, if you dont have time to read it then get it on audio disk or tape
 The details are all fine if you don't know the middle east - but are not well researched and inconsistent.  I won't bore you with the list.  The details are all fine if you don't know the middle east - but are not well researched and inconsistent.  I won't bore you with the list.  All the big picture takeaway is that the middle east and big oil are a complicated business with many parties that have a big stake.  Tell us something new.  All the big picture takeaway is that the middle east and big oil are a complicated business with many parties that have a big stake.  Tell us something new.  The overall storyline does not have much else going for it - I was expecting more intrigue, a more synthesized story line.  A disappointment. 
 If you have read (and enjoyed) any of the X-men, save your $, buy the graphic novel of the original dark Phoenix saga, and pretend this movie wasn't made.  If you want to see some special effects & aren't that hung up on character development, I'd still just rent it
 Saw this Movie at the actual Premier in NYC and met Sturla Gunnerson and I told him exactly how I felt. Gerard Butler needed a bigger horse. I expected so much more out of this film and felt empty handed leaving the theater. Sarah Polleys language was uncalled for in the film. They could have written better lines. The fade in, fade out was like a child filming with a video camera. The film was funny at times and mixed with gore. Like eating sweet and sour. Being a Gerard Butler fan I was distressed after watching this film. Why did he do this? Gerry Butler is an incredibly talented actor and made the most out of the poor lines and bad pony riding scenes. This unfortunately will not be one of his great films he has done in the past like The Jury, Please or The Phantom of The Opera. I expect Mr. Butler to be past these B films and know he does have much better stuff in the works...than goodness.Saw this Movie at the actual Premier in NYC and met Sturla Gunnerson and I told him exactly how I felt. Gerard Butler needed a bigger horse. I expected so much more out of this film and felt empty handed leaving the theater. Sarah Polleys language was uncalled for in the film. They could have written better lines. The fade in, fade out was like a child filming with a video camera. The film was funny at times and mixed with gore. Like eating sweet and sour. Being a Gerard Butler fan I was distressed after watching this film. Why did he do this? Gerry Butler is an incredibly talented actor and made the most out of the poor lines and bad pony riding scenes. This unfortunately will not be one of his great films he has done in the past like The Jury, Please or The Phantom of The Opera. I expect Mr. Butler to be past these B films and know he does have much better stuff in the works...than goodness.All in all the film was terrible. The scenery was captivating and breathless. I at times found myself saying wow, but it was about the story of Beowulf & Grendel and it did not meet my expectations that I have read even in the easiest translations. All I can say is Mr. Butler your an incredible talent, becareful what you choose. Movies like this can paved the way to a downward spiral. I know Mr. Butler is indeed better than this.   
 The basic premise of this movie could be quite interesting - how does a man trained as a 'killing-machine' integrate back into society.  Yes, it's been done before but still holds promise.  The plot was adequate.The basic premise of this movie could be quite interesting - how does a man trained as a 'killing-machine' integrate back into society.  Yes, it's been done before but still holds promise.  The plot was adequate.The acting was believable - no complaints there.  I particularly enjoyed Sean Pertwee as 'Mace'.  And Jason Isaacs has long been a favorite actor.The acting was believable - no complaints there.  I particularly enjoyed Sean Pertwee as 'Mace'.  And Jason Isaacs has long been a favorite actor.But what ruined the movie for me was the science.  I'm not a fanatic - I have no problems with FTL travel or spaceships 'banking' on turns or loud explosions in space in movies.  And I realize that movies are not 'real'.  But I've never seen more 'bad' science in any one movie.  My son and I watched this together and it turned into a contest seeing who could catch more bloopers.  But what ruined the movie for me was the science.  I'm not a fanatic - I have no problems with FTL travel or spaceships 'banking' on turns or loud explosions in space in movies.  And I realize that movies are not 'real'.  But I've never seen more 'bad' science in any one movie.  My son and I watched this together and it turned into a contest seeing who could catch more bloopers.  I could go on and on detailing the scientific and logic errors in this movie - but it would take me all night.  It spoiled the whole movie for me
 I am a big fan of Kurt Russell but this movie sucks. And as Forrest Gump said, "thats all I have to say about that.
 GROWING UP, I ABSOLUTELY LOVED THE TURTLES BUT THIS DVD STINKS.  THE ONLY PLUS IS THAT I CAN HAVE THE ORIGINAL EPISODES IN CONVENIENT DVD FORM RATHER THAN TRACK DOWN A BUNCH OF OLD VHS TAPES.  THIS DVD IS NO DIFFERENT FROM THE SEASON ONE AND SEASON THREE DVD'S.  THEY ALL HAVE SPELLING ERRORS AND TITLE ERRORS AND EACH ONE SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN PRODUCE IN A HALF-A$$ FASHION JUST TO CAPITALIZE ON THE NEW TURTLE'S SUCESS.  WHICH BY THE WAY THE NEW TURTLES ARE MUCH BETTER THAN THE OLD ONES.  ON THE SEASON THREE DVD THE PACKAGE REFERS TO "BEBOP" AS BEBOB, NICE EDITING JOB. I GUESS IT WAS TO HARD TO GET THAT ONE RIGHT.  ALSO ALL THREE OF THE DVD'S ARE BARE BONES WITH NO SPECIAL FEATURES.  THE PRICE DOES HOWEVER REFLECT THE CRAPPY JOB THE STUDIO DID ON THIS MOST OF THESE DVD'S CAN BE PURCHASED FOR AROUND 10 BUCKS.  I JUST WISH THAT PETER LAIRD HAD THE RIGHTS TO THE OLD SHOW SO THAT IT COULD HAVE BEEN DONE SOME JUSTICE ON DVD
 Unfortunatly this DVD set is defective. On disc 1 episode 3 the picture just freezes and then loops back to the opening scene. I sent one back to Amazon then got a replacement and had to send that one back as well. So I thought maybe the ones at the store might not be defective so I bought a copy at Target and it's the same problem! I've written to Anchor Bay twice and they haven't bothered to reply. This situation really angers me because I love this season but am not going to waste money on a defective product. Don't buy this DVD until the problem is resolved!!!!
 I got this movie on sale a couple years ago.  It looked pretty good, but you know how most of that goes.  I really lke movies like Scream, I thought it would be like that, but nope.  This movie was a hundred percent perdictable.  I knew everything that was gonna happen in this movie.  From the first seen you can tell it's gonna suck.  *Spoiler* The first seen has a guy walking down a dorm hallway, when he hears a door open and close and goes to check it out.  The lights flicker (Wow how original) and a person... in a really, really stupid mask shows up and kills him with an ax.  This is what happens throughout the entire movie.  Don't waste your time or money.  If you really want to see it i would suggest renting it... not worth more than 3.00 anytime
 I guess I expected more out of this movie but I confess I was mildly disappointed in it. At first, the movie seems to be having a hard time making up its mind whether to be a comedy or a drama and the resulting mish mash is a bit unsettling. Still, it was a great cast; Dean Martin was particularly adept at westerns, much more so than Frank Sinatra, who pretty much plays Frank Sinatra in this one. It is fun to see the two of them compete for the ladies, in this case, Anita Ekberg and Ursula Andress. The bad guys are well represented by Victor Buono and Charles Bronson. A fun movie but not particularly memorable. 
 Beware the reviews that say this is an underrated classic and masterpiece and all that.  Was real disappointed by 9th Gate.  This film is tepid, there is none of the satanic intensity/ambiance that you find in 'Rosemary's Baby' It's too Hollywood, surprisingly, considering the maverick presence of Depp/Polanski. Film opens well, with a suicide and Depp's opportunistic character who seems to straddle the moral fence, but it never creates the proper mood or atmosphere.  Exorcist 3, which I was equally disappointed in, at least was more satanic.  I won't spoil anything for those who do want to see it, but the showdown scene between Depp and those he is purusing is awkward and poorly directed.  Emmanuelle Seigner comes across more like a hippy chick than a Demona. And the 'showdown with the devil' is a letdown to say the least.  This film could have been great but Polanski dropped the ball, considering he was the producer/director/co-screenwriter, and the film fails in all three areas. It's not horrible, so I give it 2 stars.  But don't buy this film, rent it only.  Buy Angel Heart instead
 OK, Basquiat, at age 19- see the actual person. PERIOD(so wonderfully played by Wright  in movie "Basquiat")What a major trainwreck of film this is.Should have stayed where it was buried. Sorry, won't waste my time to list all the many, very many reasons, already wasted my money.
 I recently discovered this set available on DVD and was very excited, since I've been a fan of David Suchet, Agatha Christie and Hercule Poirot for a long time.  I was really looking forward to viewing these, however the poor quality of the image was apparent to me in the first scene and it didn't get better.  The image quality is actually worse than what I've seen on aired on television via cable.  The picture appears to be composed of thousands of tiny vertical lines, which are easily discernable and difficult to ignore.  I'm amazed Acorn would release such a great series in such a low quality package and then charge so much for it.  I will definitely not buy any other titles by Acorn Media
 The first set was very entertaining--a spy/crime caper spoof with dashes of comic brilliance provided by Moore and Curtis--Set II is another kettle of fish altogether.  The second set is strictly played for laughs--there is little or no character development and the plots and dialogue run rather thin.  Frankly, I hoped for more. The first set was very entertaining--a spy/crime caper spoof with dashes of comic brilliance provided by Moore and Curtis--Set II is another kettle of fish altogether.  The second set is strictly played for laughs--there is little or no character development and the plots and dialogue run rather thin.  Frankly, I hoped for more. For those who wish to obtain a true collector's set of this highly entertaining series, would do better to purchase the Network DVD Megaset Special Edition of The Persuaders, now available thru AmazonUK with some delighful extras including bumpers, promotional materials, episode commentaries, tv spot interviews, title sequences, and hour-long interviews with director, Robert Baker, Tony Curtis, and Roger Moore.  Tony Curtis' unabashed comments regarding the production team,  guest-star Joan Collins's antics on the set, and his marijuana bust en route to London for the taping of the first episode, are absolutely priceless in this Network DVD set.  For those who wish to obtain a true collector's set of this highly entertaining series, would do better to purchase the Network DVD Megaset Special Edition of The Persuaders, now available thru AmazonUK with some delighful extras including bumpers, promotional materials, episode commentaries, tv spot interviews, title sequences, and hour-long interviews with director, Robert Baker, Tony Curtis, and Roger Moore.  Tony Curtis' unabashed comments regarding the production team,  guest-star Joan Collins's antics on the set, and his marijuana bust en route to London for the taping of the first episode, are absolutely priceless in this Network DVD set.  Surprisingly, the acute observer will notice that some of the episodes in the second box of the A&E set are written by none other than Terry Nation--who would go on to pen a bigger and more serious series SURVIVORS in the UK four years later-when will that be available in the US?
 This is a documentary about ADHD-not Half Japanese.  Most of the so-called critics can't remember a dambed thing except for how great they are for recognizing the greatness of Jad while continuously ranting about their major label conspiracy theories.  Penn Jillette even goes so far as to brag about how he conned a homless person out of Jad's material and then threatened Jad with physical violence if he ever talked to the guy.  If you're interested in mental illness and sleazy people like Penn Jillette stroking themselves then by all means watch this.  If you're interested in a great American rock band then just buy the albums and listen.  
 (1) Scarlett O'Hara is the least likable "heroine" I've ever seen. She has no redeeming qualities.(2) We're supposed to sympathize with the South and feel nostalgia for the good old days when white folks could own black folks?(3) This movie is way too long and dull.(4) I'm glad they burned Atlanta to the ground.(5) There was nothing honorable or respectable about the Old South and the plantation way of the life. The "gentlemen" were nothing but racists who thought they were aristocrats because blacks did all their work for them.(6) I'd rather watch "Mandingo" than this racist garbage any day of the week
 A poorly-conceived, poorly put together mess.  Don't bother
 Let me start by saying if you are considering purchase of this film, make your own decision as to if you will purchase it. This is simply my opinion of the film. This movie has horrible fight scenes that don't appear to be martial arts at all. Basically, Van Damme is in another film which does not capitalize on his martial arts abilities, and forces him into a stiff choreographed position. They found some buff guys, okay, big deal. They put them in a film, and say that they are super soldiers with extra ordinary skills. These guys don't have that. Vin Diesel has far better choreography by himself. I have said this about other films and I will say it about this one as well. The cast & crew benefited from the production of this film, so it doesnt affect them. They go home happy believing they did a good job. You, the consumer, you go and see it on the shelf and recognize a star on the cover and consider buying it. Wrong move as for this film. You will waste money that could have been put into your retirement, or used to buy your children school paper as they educate themselves. Save that money and put it where it belongs. This is not worth your cash
 This is a very slow movie and it seems more like a documental about war, geopolitics and weapons trade. There is almost no dialogues
 I am confused - Does anyone know who owns this DVD whether this chinese film The Road Home is in FRENCH AUDIO ONLY for this Sony dvd? It's not in Mandarin, Cantonese or any other chinese dialect? The answer will determine whether I buy it or not.
 maybe i'm spoiled by big-budget sci-fi films, but i thought this movie kind of stunk. it felt and looked like a TV movie and wasn't scary, at all. the best/funniest part was how no one could remember the one lady's name or face, and everyone described her the same way--"the one with the glasses." "Oh, her--haven't seen her." LOL
 Okay, this movie is a complete waste of time for even the most diehard college basketball fans. Nick Nolte does a fine job acting like Bob Knight coaching UCLA, or in this case, the fictional Western Univ. That is until the 'real' Bob Knight coaches Indiana against Nolte's fictional team in the climactic game at the end. I was a student at IU when Nolte was going to every Indiana home game in order to study how a real college basketball coach acts. At the time Indiana was number 1 in the nation so Nolte got a lot of attention for his role. However, the acting by Shaq, Hardaway, and Matt Nover was absolutely HORRID!The plot centers around a legendary b-ball court (Nolte as a Knight rip-off right down to the sweater) who is turned to cheating by those nasty alumni and boosters. He takes his dirty team through the season and plays number 1 Indiana at the end. The Real Bob Knight shows up with a cast of former IU b-ball legends and one Duke legend in Bobby Hurley. Anyway, after beating the squeaky clean Indiana team Nolte rats out the alums and boosters for their recruiting violations.Other than Nolte nobody gives a really solid performance. Mary McDonnell is good but she's hardly in the movie. Bob Cousy plays the AD and he does an okay job for a guy who isn't even an actor. Hardaway is terrible and Matt Nover is just plain horrible.The only part really worth watching is the final game between Indiana and Shaq's team. It does a good job of taking you inside the huddle as you actually see and hear Knight diagram plays and Nolte does the same. However, it just turns into a highlight reel of Shaq dunking. If you want to see a good b-ball movie just watch Hoosiers again. Also, I'd like to be on whatever mind altering drugs the people who gave this movie 5 stars were taking. If you want to see a good b-ball movie just watch Hoosiers again. Also, I'd like to be on whatever mind altering drugs the people who gave this movie 5 stars were taking. 
 This is NOT a collection of the superbowls, played from start to finish, as some of the reviewers would lead you to believe.  I got this for my father so he could watch the 49ers tromp all over the Broncos over and over again (since they certainly haven't been up to much lately!).  Unfortunately, all we got was a collection of highlights, with so many "up close and personal" shots, that it was almost nauseating to watch on a bigger screen TV.  An expensive disappointment, surely
 Dubbed and renamed. See the original Swordsman II instead
 Wuthering Heights the novel grabs you at the first page and drags you through passion, betrayal, madness, despair, greed, hatred, and revenge. It's not necessarily a pleasant read, but always an engrossing one. Emily Bronte's characters jump off the page and will continue to haunt you long after you've finished the book. Wuthering Heights the novel grabs you at the first page and drags you through passion, betrayal, madness, despair, greed, hatred, and revenge. It's not necessarily a pleasant read, but always an engrossing one. Emily Bronte's characters jump off the page and will continue to haunt you long after you've finished the book. Modern day moviemakers have had a notoriously bad time translating any of the Bronte sisters' works into film and this is no exception. The characters are representations in name only and fail to capture any of the true spirit behind this amazing book. Juliet Binoche and Ralph Fiennes are two of the best actors working in film today, but this movie is a definite low point for both.  Modern day moviemakers have had a notoriously bad time translating any of the Bronte sisters' works into film and this is no exception. The characters are representations in name only and fail to capture any of the true spirit behind this amazing book. Juliet Binoche and Ralph Fiennes are two of the best actors working in film today, but this movie is a definite low point for both.  As Heathcliff and Catherine, Fiennes and Binoche seem to have failed to grasp the depth or the passions of the characters and their performances are flat and bland. Binoche's personality is too grounded and mature for the wild and carefree Cathy so she compensates with endless giggling that got on my nerves. Fiennes comes across as greasy and sullen instead of a tormented and complex soul; he simply does not have the charisma or the depth to play such a demanding role. The other characters are likewise lacking in realism, only Janet McTeer fares well, she is fabulous as Ellen Dean. As Heathcliff and Catherine, Fiennes and Binoche seem to have failed to grasp the depth or the passions of the characters and their performances are flat and bland. Binoche's personality is too grounded and mature for the wild and carefree Cathy so she compensates with endless giggling that got on my nerves. Fiennes comes across as greasy and sullen instead of a tormented and complex soul; he simply does not have the charisma or the depth to play such a demanding role. The other characters are likewise lacking in realism, only Janet McTeer fares well, she is fabulous as Ellen Dean. Even if the acting were better, the story does not capture the essence of the book. Everything moves too quickly, the film jumps around frequently and large plot holes are left either unexplained or are patched quickly with a few brusque words. Sinead O'Conner's appearance as Emily Bronte to bookend the film is contrived and unnecessary.Even if the acting were better, the story does not capture the essence of the book. Everything moves too quickly, the film jumps around frequently and large plot holes are left either unexplained or are patched quickly with a few brusque words. Sinead O'Conner's appearance as Emily Bronte to bookend the film is contrived and unnecessary.This film was very obviously made on a budget and the sets and costumes show it. The wigs are dreadful and the costumes are for the most part, ugly and unflattering. Fiennes actually looks potbellied in some of his vests! This film was very obviously made on a budget and the sets and costumes show it. The wigs are dreadful and the costumes are for the most part, ugly and unflattering. Fiennes actually looks potbellied in some of his vests! Maybe someday someone will make a film that does this remarkable book justice. This isn't it
 Maybe someday someone will make a film that does this remarkable book justice. This isn't itAlias must the most boring and dumbest show on TV in years. The acting is lame and EVERYONE is always looking down and try to act. The story is boring and always so typical James Bond. Don't waste your money and time on this crappy non-funny piece of crap.
 I'm not sure what everyone else watched, maybe I was expecting to much after reading these other reviews, but I was more than just a little disappointed. The women are attractive that is for sure, but that's the only thing this movie has going for it. The sex footage was over before is started. At the most they lasted about 30 seconds. I'm not looking for hard-core porn, but this was far from what I was looking for. My suggestion is 'buyer-be-aware'
 20 years ago, there was a terrible accident in the mine on Valentine's Day. The following year one of the miners, Harry Warden, takes a terrible revange on those responsible for the accident. Since that day, there is no celebration of Valentine's Day in the little town Valentine's Buff. Until now (that is 1981). But Harry Warden seems to have returned to stop the celebration.20 years ago, there was a terrible accident in the mine on Valentine's Day. The following year one of the miners, Harry Warden, takes a terrible revange on those responsible for the accident. Since that day, there is no celebration of Valentine's Day in the little town Valentine's Buff. Until now (that is 1981). But Harry Warden seems to have returned to stop the celebration.The music as music is quite good, but it doesn't lead the film in any direction, so it's not helping. The story is recycled, which is good, but could have been much more minimalistic. Why not just have the party and let the miner kill the kids? And trying to put a twist to the story by "explaining" things is seldom very helpful. The murderar places human hearts in Valentine boxes which is distasteful but not really scary. The music as music is quite good, but it doesn't lead the film in any direction, so it's not helping. The story is recycled, which is good, but could have been much more minimalistic. Why not just have the party and let the miner kill the kids? And trying to put a twist to the story by "explaining" things is seldom very helpful. The murderar places human hearts in Valentine boxes which is distasteful but not really scary. A variation on the holiday theme, that could have been a bit more focused.
 Are you kidding me!?  This movie is beyond all redemption.  Sean Conery is a disgrace to himself, running around in a red diaper with pirate boots on.  WTF!  What's with all the naked women in this thing?  Why do they have to be naked?  They're hideous looking in the face and body.  My God, my eyes!  If this is the product of the "love" generation and what they found to be entertaining and mindfully stimulating, no wonder our society is crazy.  I just can't get over how profoundly corny and simple the plot and effects are, it's downright insulting to the human brain.  Whoever wrote this and was crazy enough to finance it, should be killed and then studied so we don't have another idiot of this caliber spawned
 This is the worst version of 'Wuthering Heights' I have ever seen. Please, if you are a fan of Emily Bronte's classic, don't waste your time on this movie.  I don't know how anyone could try out for a part in a movie without reading the book it was based off of first. (None of the actors read the novel.) Instead, try seeing the 1939 or 1992 version, they ARE worth your time and money
 I first saw the movie poster and wasn't particlularly inspired by the idea of cows going after an evil cow rustler. But then I heard composer Alan Menken (who had worked on Beauty & The Beast and Aladdin) was attached and this made me rethink my position. Then unfortunately the trailer made me rethink my position back to what it was before. Still, I went into the movie theater ready to give "Home On The Range" a chance... I first saw the movie poster and wasn't particlularly inspired by the idea of cows going after an evil cow rustler. But then I heard composer Alan Menken (who had worked on Beauty & The Beast and Aladdin) was attached and this made me rethink my position. Then unfortunately the trailer made me rethink my position back to what it was before. Still, I went into the movie theater ready to give "Home On The Range" a chance... ...and fell asleep. I found the soundtrack uninspired and the story incredibly weak. I admit the animation is fine (but not spectacular) and some of the jokes are funny but they are very few and far between. Apparently "Home On The Range" was meant to be released before "Brother Bear" but because of story issues it was delayed. I don't think it should have been made in the first place. It has also ruined the work laid out by "Brother Bear" for a new Disney renaissance. I think whoever said yes to this movie should be fired, because not only is it terrible, but it ended mainstream 2-D animation for Disney, a massive loss to the entertainment industry....and fell asleep. I found the soundtrack uninspired and the story incredibly weak. I admit the animation is fine (but not spectacular) and some of the jokes are funny but they are very few and far between. Apparently "Home On The Range" was meant to be released before "Brother Bear" but because of story issues it was delayed. I don't think it should have been made in the first place. It has also ruined the work laid out by "Brother Bear" for a new Disney renaissance. I think whoever said yes to this movie should be fired, because not only is it terrible, but it ended mainstream 2-D animation for Disney, a massive loss to the entertainment industry.The DVD has an audio commentary (with rather overconfident directors if you ask me considering this movie is a disaster). There is also a behind the scenes featurette, games, art review and music video- more than this movie that never should have happened deserves.
    I'm a fan of Audrey Hepburn and this movie relys heavily - too heavily on her charm.  And unfortunately, it is some of her worst acting work, posey, sing-song, and superficial.  Now, if you've read her bio, and know what was going on with her and Holden, that could explain it, but still, this film is very static.   Like most Heburn films, a highlight is her clothes, her style, her self.  This film self-consciously relys on this when the script itself could simply have been better.  There are some very fun cameos by big performers that raise moments here.  This film would have benefited greatly by a better comic actress in the lead.  Jayne Mansfield could have been a hoot in this, Thelma Ritter too, in a very different way, somebody with less style and more off beat snap, crackle, and pop.  (Thelma Ritter and William Holden paired in a romantic comedy... I'm all ready laughing!)   Before I hit this too harshly, this film was intended to be a trifle, the kind of movie that has bright colors and light plot for a hot summer day that sizzles.  For that, it is adequate.   The remake, ALEX AND EMMA suffers very much from the same problems.  They actually improved the script, and gave the leading lady room to make some very wacky choices, but both films seem to have suffered from "settling for a star" when a less mainstream, more zany actress was needed.  OK, this doesn't stink...it has Audrey, but it certainly doesn't sizzle
 Actually not going to be kind........... What a load of RUBBISH
 I have four kids, boys and girls, ages 3 to 8.  We all LOVE Hot Wheels, World Race.  We previewed the first Acceleracer movie, and were VERY disappointed!  I agree that perhaps it is targeted to some older kids, but that leaves a void for the younger ones.  Why do the characters have HUGE, unnatural feet and arms (not to mention Lani's breast augmentation)?  Lani now looks like a streetwalker, Taro (my favorite) like a cheap hood, and what happened to Marky?  The themes have turned dark, the behavior (street racing, violence, nastiness) provides an incredibly poor example.  A movie that was very safe and innocuous has turned into a minefield for my children.  I disagree with some reviewers that the kids "don't pay attention" to those parts...we will not let our kids watch this trash!  My kids and their parents are mystified at why such a good thing was allowed to go so far down.  We told them it is rated PG (I agree with that reviewer) and they might watch it when they are older.  Parents beware--do not trust materials marked for children to necessarily be appropriate
 Funniest movie I've ever watched.I think I busted a rib laughing.Funniest movie I've ever watched.I think I busted a rib laughing.
 I returned this as I found out it was either letterbox or wide screen format, I only buy or want tapes or dvds that fill the entire tv screen, otherwise I dont buy the
 Making it no reason to even consider getting this filler filled P.O.S
 I was told this was hilarious.  Cheech and Chong and so many others.  Not only were theye barely there, I must have missed the funny part.  I wish I'd missed the whole movie.  Don't bother
 I am a BBC devotee and officionado and purchased this dvd sight unseen because it seemed to ooze of excellent epic BBC storytelling and visual feasting.   However, I was only partially correct.  It is excellently produced and beautiful to behold but the story is depressing and even a bit silly. I left the film feeling robbed, disappointed, sad, and a bit unfulfilled.  I viewed it only once and then sold it on e-bay at a cut-rate price.I am a BBC devotee and officionado and purchased this dvd sight unseen because it seemed to ooze of excellent epic BBC storytelling and visual feasting.   However, I was only partially correct.  It is excellently produced and beautiful to behold but the story is depressing and even a bit silly. I left the film feeling robbed, disappointed, sad, and a bit unfulfilled.  I viewed it only once and then sold it on e-bay at a cut-rate price.Do yourself a favor and save your time and money
 What a disappointment!  Every time it gets hot, it cuts straight to the end.  The movie is entirely foreplay!! 
 While I have not purchased this box set I have seen many of the episiodes several times as I am a fan of Spongebob allthough he and Patrick can be a bit pathetic at times. For example, in "The Idiot Box" when they order a TV just to play in the box. Anywhyey as someone has said in there reviews some dummy snipped out "Just One" bit of the episiode "Just One Bite" which is my personal favorite spongebob episiode because of the music as well as the humor. You all know it so there's no need for explanation. I think it's so pathetic that certain scene's in cartoons have to be snipped out
 This film was not what I expected. It was so plain. I was about ready to turn it off. This film was not what I expected. It was so plain. I was about ready to turn it off. Others may like it though.
 I bought this movie without seeing it first and have now watch it at least two times through. Some chapters, I watch several more times.I bought this movie without seeing it first and have now watch it at least two times through. Some chapters, I watch several more times.This movie has three things against it. First, I was very disappointed with the number of product placements in this movie. It takes alot away from the whole movie. Second, it has too much of the same stuff that can be seen in any recently released WM movie. Same people doing the same exact things. Third, the sound track was way below par.This movie has three things against it. First, I was very disappointed with the number of product placements in this movie. It takes alot away from the whole movie. Second, it has too much of the same stuff that can be seen in any recently released WM movie. Same people doing the same exact things. Third, the sound track was way below par.I'm still a Warren Miller fan and the movie does have some good ski footage. But, I don't think the WM bunch went out of their way to make this a good ski movie.
 Don't bother wasting your money if you think you are upgrading like I did.   The earlier ARTISAN release is still much better than this special edition.   The image is better and ALSO the sound.   I don't know what Lions gate thought they were doing, but remastered? no.   I compared both several times before writing this even though I only had to compare once.   Might as well wait for a HD DVD to come out, this is a waste unless you want the additional features
 An average customer review of almost 4 stars?  Have you people all gone mad or worse still have amnesia?  Jason supposedly went to hell yeah?  Then why is still in one piece.  This time round, the government realise there's nothing they can do to stop Jason and have him captured.  He is cryogenically frozen so he can come to no harm.  Unfortunatley, he and a doctor stay that way for over 400 years and reside in space! Yes space!  The budget for this movie was impressive and the special effects are indeed good.  There may be more elaborate death scenes and a high body count but it's just not enough! This sequel sounds more like a Star Trek episode and completely ignores or escapes the true origins of a good Friday the 13th flick.  Supposedly, a TWELFTH Friday the 13th movie is being made (if you count the excellent Freddy Vs Jason).  While Freddy Vs Jason was indeed impressive, there is absolutely no way either killer can survive a film on their own anymore
 I am a recovering alcoholic with 19 years of continuous sobriety."My Name is Bill W" is a visual textbook I use to introduce new sponsees to the concept of AA.A very helpful indoctrinating tool for the newcomer
 The plot of the story was ruined by the immorality and language.   This could have been a beautiful story if sexual immorality and profane language had been eliminated.   It is possible to have something beautiful and clean where when you finish you feel that you have experienced something encouraging and uplifting.   Dying Young and the plot of sickness and someone caring is beautiful.  Falling in love is beautiful but it is degraded by stooping to immorality.   I threw it in the trash as I would not share it with those that I love
 I own over 250 DVDs, with a huge mixture of types.  This is the worst movie for this year I've seen so far.  What a waste of my time.  Go ahead and see it, but I don't recommend it
 Let me break it down for you in a nutshell, people. It's a murder mystery in which the film's protaganist thinks she knows who the killer is. But, she has her doubts. But she saw a tatto of a spade on the guy's arm. He has the same thing. But what does she do? She has sex with him. Sex, sex, and more sex. If you suspect somebody of being a killer than why on earth would you have sex with him? Plus, 50% of the movie is just plain old sex and sex talk. I don't think this was a perfectly planned movie, to tell you the truth. Let me break it down for you in a nutshell, people. It's a murder mystery in which the film's protaganist thinks she knows who the killer is. But, she has her doubts. But she saw a tatto of a spade on the guy's arm. He has the same thing. But what does she do? She has sex with him. Sex, sex, and more sex. If you suspect somebody of being a killer than why on earth would you have sex with him? Plus, 50% of the movie is just plain old sex and sex talk. I don't think this was a perfectly planned movie, to tell you the truth. Final Verdict: It's easily forgetable and needs to go right before it starts
 Alright: take a step back, and tell me there isn't something decidedly wrong, even militantly spooky, about the American Southwest. Alright: take a step back, and tell me there isn't something decidedly wrong, even militantly spooky, about the American Southwest. You know what I'm talking about? No? Let me clarify, then.You know what I'm talking about? No? Let me clarify, then.We're driving, Me & Thee, across some barren stretch of ancient Arizona moonscape, and we've hit upon what I call the Magic Hour: when the Day is laying down its sword in honor of Old Man Night, and the setting sun is really firing up all those sleeping reds and oranges and deep, feral yellows, up on the rocks, the hills, the cliffs, the crags, the bluffs. We're driving, Me & Thee, across some barren stretch of ancient Arizona moonscape, and we've hit upon what I call the Magic Hour: when the Day is laying down its sword in honor of Old Man Night, and the setting sun is really firing up all those sleeping reds and oranges and deep, feral yellows, up on the rocks, the hills, the cliffs, the crags, the bluffs. Can you see it? Can you hear the coyotes keening and wailing and hi-yi-kee-yi-ing away back up in some box canyon, where those black-rooted stunty trees wave their straggly, evil, twisted arms towards an absentee Heaven? Can you see it? Can you hear the coyotes keening and wailing and hi-yi-kee-yi-ing away back up in some box canyon, where those black-rooted stunty trees wave their straggly, evil, twisted arms towards an absentee Heaven? We still think of America as a young country, and maybe that's just our innocence talking. Because this land is just as ancient as any trod by the African or Chinese, and can't you just smell the Terrible Old Blood-Secrets buried down under the Earth when you're out on the high desert?We still think of America as a young country, and maybe that's just our innocence talking. Because this land is just as ancient as any trod by the African or Chinese, and can't you just smell the Terrible Old Blood-Secrets buried down under the Earth when you're out on the high desert?Sure. As the town of Desperation's former Sheriff (former, in that he's going through something of a---ah, Midlife Crisis) would say, Gosh, yes. Sure. As the town of Desperation's former Sheriff (former, in that he's going through something of a---ah, Midlife Crisis) would say, Gosh, yes. The guts and sheer, pulpy, bloody visceral glory of Stephen King's novel "Desperation" rides that seam of ancient, buried, hulking horror like a 40-something housewife saddling up the mechanical bull at Gilley's, and that's half its charm---which is why I was expecting so much with Mick Garris's cinematic version, and, no doubt, why I was just so damned disappointed. The guts and sheer, pulpy, bloody visceral glory of Stephen King's novel "Desperation" rides that seam of ancient, buried, hulking horror like a 40-something housewife saddling up the mechanical bull at Gilley's, and that's half its charm---which is why I was expecting so much with Mick Garris's cinematic version, and, no doubt, why I was just so damned disappointed. The setup, the build, the execution---everything about "Desperation" cuts thematically close to the territory King marked with his bad-doggie tale "Cujo". Remember "Cujo"? Something ancient and unspeakably evil, and deeply stupid and hungry---something nasty lies all coiled-up in a dark cave.Until Cujo---big, bumbling, naive, benevolent---comes lumbering into its domain. The setup, the build, the execution---everything about "Desperation" cuts thematically close to the territory King marked with his bad-doggie tale "Cujo". Remember "Cujo"? Something ancient and unspeakably evil, and deeply stupid and hungry---something nasty lies all coiled-up in a dark cave.Until Cujo---big, bumbling, naive, benevolent---comes lumbering into its domain. And gets eaten. Devoured. Turned into a shambling, rabid hulk of its former lovable slobbery self, transformed into a ravenous engine of death with one single design: to spread carnage, red and raw and toothy, across the trembling land. And gets eaten. Devoured. Turned into a shambling, rabid hulk of its former lovable slobbery self, transformed into a ravenous engine of death with one single design: to spread carnage, red and raw and toothy, across the trembling land. Now, just as the arc and trajectory of the bullet isn't all that mindful of its casing, so too the unsleeping Ancient Evils of Cujo and Desperation aren't too picky about their corporeal hosts. Whether it's a 300-pound dog or a 300-pound lawman, the only real concern is where to pile the bodies. Now, just as the arc and trajectory of the bullet isn't all that mindful of its casing, so too the unsleeping Ancient Evils of Cujo and Desperation aren't too picky about their corporeal hosts. Whether it's a 300-pound dog or a 300-pound lawman, the only real concern is where to pile the bodies. Or so you'd think. Sadly, "Desperation" is a tiny little bang, and a ton of whimper: 15 minutes of shivery brilliance, and what feels like about 8 hours of unbridled dullness. Or so you'd think. Sadly, "Desperation" is a tiny little bang, and a ton of whimper: 15 minutes of shivery brilliance, and what feels like about 8 hours of unbridled dullness. That bristling tale of ancient, sleeping, hungry Evil---Tak ripped out of his slumber with the explosion of the charges in the Rattlesnake Pit, and his unquenchable desire to eat his way out into the guts of the little town of Desperation---all of the novel's frantic hardscrabble fight against a mounting, relentless Evil is wasted by Mick Garris's listless, uninspired direction. That bristling tale of ancient, sleeping, hungry Evil---Tak ripped out of his slumber with the explosion of the charges in the Rattlesnake Pit, and his unquenchable desire to eat his way out into the guts of the little town of Desperation---all of the novel's frantic hardscrabble fight against a mounting, relentless Evil is wasted by Mick Garris's listless, uninspired direction. It's as if Garris burned up his budget hiring Ron Perlman to run the numbers as Collie Entragian, and then outsourced the rest of the flick to Bangalore. Hell, they even dragoon some worn-out mountain lion to take a chunk out of flabby old Charles Durning's patooshka, and even that doesn't jack up the Excite-O-Meter on this miserable thing. It's as if Garris burned up his budget hiring Ron Perlman to run the numbers as Collie Entragian, and then outsourced the rest of the flick to Bangalore. Hell, they even dragoon some worn-out mountain lion to take a chunk out of flabby old Charles Durning's patooshka, and even that doesn't jack up the Excite-O-Meter on this miserable thing. Not that I'm complaining about Perlman: this sad little flick bumps and grinds and gets its Crawling Kingsnake groove-on *only* when Entragian is on the screen, and Perlman is the perfect choice as the Lawman who goes all Economy on us and squeezes both Good Cop *and* Bad Cop into one body, then goes on to Downsize his jurisdiction. With extreme prejudice. Tak! Not that I'm complaining about Perlman: this sad little flick bumps and grinds and gets its Crawling Kingsnake groove-on *only* when Entragian is on the screen, and Perlman is the perfect choice as the Lawman who goes all Economy on us and squeezes both Good Cop *and* Bad Cop into one body, then goes on to Downsize his jurisdiction. With extreme prejudice. Tak! "Desperation" has its 15 minutes of brilliance with that fatal traffic stop: everything is just about note perfect. Those lying, impossibly high wild-blue Western skies; the Trooper lurching out of his cruiser, that Gary Cooper drawl just crackling out over the silence of the High Desert, the spike of Dread at the curt command to step out of the car succeeded by a queasy flood of relief when---thank God!---it's just a busted-tail-light. "Desperation" has its 15 minutes of brilliance with that fatal traffic stop: everything is just about note perfect. Those lying, impossibly high wild-blue Western skies; the Trooper lurching out of his cruiser, that Gary Cooper drawl just crackling out over the silence of the High Desert, the spike of Dread at the curt command to step out of the car succeeded by a queasy flood of relief when---thank God!---it's just a busted-tail-light. It's here, in the seconds before "Desperation" lurches forward zombie-style into B-grade horror, that the movie succeeds, that it creeps and crawls the way the book did. It is here that the film conjures up the loneliness of the Vast Stretches, the realization---something most American suburbanites go to their graves without knowing---that there are wild spaces on this crazy planet where you could be murdered and buried without anyone knowing how, or why. It's here, in the seconds before "Desperation" lurches forward zombie-style into B-grade horror, that the movie succeeds, that it creeps and crawls the way the book did. It is here that the film conjures up the loneliness of the Vast Stretches, the realization---something most American suburbanites go to their graves without knowing---that there are wild spaces on this crazy planet where you could be murdered and buried without anyone knowing how, or why. While the coyotes howl, the scorpions scuttle and clatter, the black widows stalk and spin and move itchingly towards their prey.While the coyotes howl, the scorpions scuttle and clatter, the black widows stalk and spin and move itchingly towards their prey.Gosh, yes. Gosh, yes. JS
 So I thought I only saw pieces of the ABC presentation of Desperation. On TV I thought I missed the chapter about the first family, David's family, and how they came to be in the town jail. It turns out I didn't miss anything, that's the way it was filmed. When I heard the film was available on DVD and "R" rated, too, I vowed to rent it and see the movie as it was designed to be seen. Curses, gore, adult scares and, perhaps a booby! One wouldn't expect anything but the most watered down presentation on ABC but the "R" rated version, oh boy!So I thought I only saw pieces of the ABC presentation of Desperation. On TV I thought I missed the chapter about the first family, David's family, and how they came to be in the town jail. It turns out I didn't miss anything, that's the way it was filmed. When I heard the film was available on DVD and "R" rated, too, I vowed to rent it and see the movie as it was designed to be seen. Curses, gore, adult scares and, perhaps a booby! One wouldn't expect anything but the most watered down presentation on ABC but the "R" rated version, oh boy!The DVD, rated "R", was EXACTLY the same presentation word for word and scene for scene with the only difference being the exclusion of commercials. I'm going to say, and prove me wrong, that the "R" rating was slapped on the DVD to intice people to rent it to see the original adult version. What a sneaky rip-off. How can they do that?The DVD, rated "R", was EXACTLY the same presentation word for word and scene for scene with the only difference being the exclusion of commercials. I'm going to say, and prove me wrong, that the "R" rating was slapped on the DVD to intice people to rent it to see the original adult version. What a sneaky rip-off. How can they do that?Overall, the movie was not great. The ending was completely tacked on and I got a little tired of the sermonizing. The performances were OK, with the exception of Ron Perlman's performance. He was outstanding.Overall, the movie was not great. The ending was completely tacked on and I got a little tired of the sermonizing. The performances were OK, with the exception of Ron Perlman's performance. He was outstanding.I know Amazon sells this DVD but they also sell the book and the book is much more satisfying. It's hard to believe the same guy that wrote the movie also wrote the book. I'm sure everybody made lots of money on this project but I'd like my money back
 This review might contain some spoilers....I was disappointed with this anime. After all the reviews I read I was expecting alot more. It was slow in some parts and granted you knew somehow she would have to die considering her contract with a demon Chrono she just all of a sudden gets a stigmata and it is pretty much over. There was some humor but all in all I would not waste money on it. Infact, I took my collection down to the local half price books and sold it the day after I purchased it
 Boring, boring, boring. What a "let down"! It's dated and just not good. It was torture sitting through this.Want a good SS video, go with What's the Name of that Song or the 25th Annivesary Celebration. They are great from beginning to end
 The voice over sounds like the guy from the hoky motivational videos everyone had to watch in high school. This is an overly-sentimental piece of sh*t. Some, and only some, of the visuals are really incredible (the tow-in scenes)..the rest is a feel-good, surfers-are-awesome waste of time. I love to surf...for my own reasons. It's not because I need to feel like a part of a big "community". For authentic, thought-provoking surf films, check out "thicker than water", "brokedown melody" and "september sessions". Save "step into liquid" for the people who fall all over themselves for the next predictable hollywood offering
 We bought several different potty training videos and this was, unexpectedly, the worst. The reason: It lacks focus.  It comes off as more of a production made by people who never had kids, or at least don't remember what potty training is all about.We bought several different potty training videos and this was, unexpectedly, the worst. The reason: It lacks focus.  It comes off as more of a production made by people who never had kids, or at least don't remember what potty training is all about.It goes back and forth between Elmo and short film and animated clips that focus on independence and doing things for yourself.  But it doesn't really hold a 2 year old's interest and the song lyrics and such are overly complicated for a child of that age. My older daughter, who's potty trained for years now, watched it more than my son who grew bored really fast.It goes back and forth between Elmo and short film and animated clips that focus on independence and doing things for yourself.  But it doesn't really hold a 2 year old's interest and the song lyrics and such are overly complicated for a child of that age. My older daughter, who's potty trained for years now, watched it more than my son who grew bored really fast.If you are going for entertainment, get this DVD, but if you want your little one to start giving up diapers, go with Potty Power
 This experience was TOTALLY UNSATISFACTORY!!!  I received a notice that the product had been shipped;  it included a very long number to trace the shipment. It was promised for February 6th, but did not arrive. On February 16th you wrote me that the shipment was never made.  Now which is it?  Did you have it, and misplace it in the process, or did you lie when you said it was already send out?  I have had otherwise good results in  my purchases from amazon,  but this is a real mess-up. I wrote to ask how to reorder, and this is the only response since then.  Is there anything you can do to change this problem.? Do you reprint reviews of your service
 Sorry but this movie certainly showed a horrific side of the old west.  Sure there were some noble men and victimized young Chinese girls, but they were way outnumbered by the rotten men and women depicted in the movie.  I do not find very graphic violence, nudity, and rape on the top of my must watch list.  I skipped to the ending on the second disk
 One of the worst films of a generation.  Many talented comedic  (Dave Thomas - Colleen Camp) were wasted in this decrepit piece of digital doggeral. 
 Who in the hell gave this movie the green-light? God-awful performances and such immature jokes that only a child can laugh at... this may perhaps be THE worst movie ever created. And I'm the kind of person that appreciates anything... but this... this is just pure, 100% crap. This will most likely be the only time I will ever say "I want my two hours back" and MEAN it.Who in the hell gave this movie the green-light? God-awful performances and such immature jokes that only a child can laugh at... this may perhaps be THE worst movie ever created. And I'm the kind of person that appreciates anything... but this... this is just pure, 100% crap. This will most likely be the only time I will ever say "I want my two hours back" and MEAN it.And I only watched this movie for Marnette Patterson, but even she couldn't save this movie
 Peter Sellers as well as Peter O'Toole and all the beautiful women: Capucine, Romy Schneider, etc, make ot his movie an extraordinary satire of the 60's. Was really that world that mad? Of course! You couldn't stand life without a psychonalist. Thus, the film reflects precisey that. The lack of self-confidence, the incapacity of accepting the values of that decade, till -happy ending, of course- O'Toole and Schneider get married and lived happily everafter. And everybody has surpassed their personal crises. Good for the movie. The humour is just wonderful. I recommend it most enthusiasticall
 The year: 1965. The cast: Peter Sellers. Peter O'Toole. Woody Allen. Ursula Andress. The soundtrack: Burt Bacharach. Tom Jones. Dionne Warwick. Manfred Mann. The movie: Believe it or not -- terrible. Really... as in unwatchable (other than the relatively entertaining animated opening credits.) Painfully unfunny slapstick routines, actors seemingly reading their lines off of cue cards, and no plot to speak of. Not even fun to watch for 60's camp value like The Party or Casino Royale... I had to turn it off at about the halfway mark.Grade: IncompleteGrade: IncompleteSafest bet: Get the soundtrack, skip the movie...
 I am a big fan of Woody Allen and I presume that I will eventually get around to seeing all of his movies.  Prior to viewing "What's New Pussycat?", I would have presumed that I would enjoy each and every movie.  However, "What's New Pussycat?" has shown me that even Woody Allen can make a disaster movie.I am a big fan of Woody Allen and I presume that I will eventually get around to seeing all of his movies.  Prior to viewing "What's New Pussycat?", I would have presumed that I would enjoy each and every movie.  However, "What's New Pussycat?" has shown me that even Woody Allen can make a disaster movie.What is wrong with this movie is just about everything.  The acting can only do so much with an impossibly awful script and a director who seems to want to magnify the faults rather than cover them up.  We start with a man whose problem is that he must seduce every acttractive woman he sees.  Peter O'Toole won the rights to play this character and he is surrounded by beautiful women.  He proceeds to make it all seem so boringly ridiculous.  He calls all his femine friends "pussycat" which gets old after a while.  He constantly displays a bewildered expression coupled with a rather interested/disinterested approach toward his playmates.  He seeks the help of a sexually challenged psychiatrist played by Peter Sellers.  Sellers does his best with what little he has to work with.  He has the Dr. Strangelove accent down pretty good and he is constantly on the make but the humor that emerges is so weak as to be embarassing at times.  Woody Allen wrote the script, which is the most shocking disappointment of the whole picture.  I once heard a comedian remark that a good comic writer can give you 10 new jokes of which you can use 3.  With Woody Allen, the comedian said, you can use all 10.  In "What's New Pussycat?", I wish there HAD been at least three good jokes.  This overlong look into the problems that O'Toole's character suffers from eventually attempts to save itself with a sort of Bennie Hill-style slapstick.  I take that back; there's no justifiable reason to besmirch the good name of Bennie Hill by associating it with this turkey.  Anyway, the movie ends in a chateau with a sort of musical beds involving all of O'Toole's mistresses.  An incomprehensible brouhaha ensues and the revelers escape to a neighboring go-kart track.  (Presumeably all fashional French Chateaus have a conveniently adjacent go-kart track).  This enables the movie to sink so low that it boggles the mind.  After all, we have some top talent in Allen, Sellers and O'toole and we see them spontaneously go go-kart-riding off into the sunset (or the side of a building, or a mud puddle, or something meant to be funny).  I was glad to be done with the movie.What is wrong with this movie is just about everything.  The acting can only do so much with an impossibly awful script and a director who seems to want to magnify the faults rather than cover them up.  We start with a man whose problem is that he must seduce every acttractive woman he sees.  Peter O'Toole won the rights to play this character and he is surrounded by beautiful women.  He proceeds to make it all seem so boringly ridiculous.  He calls all his femine friends "pussycat" which gets old after a while.  He constantly displays a bewildered expression coupled with a rather interested/disinterested approach toward his playmates.  He seeks the help of a sexually challenged psychiatrist played by Peter Sellers.  Sellers does his best with what little he has to work with.  He has the Dr. Strangelove accent down pretty good and he is constantly on the make but the humor that emerges is so weak as to be embarassing at times.  Woody Allen wrote the script, which is the most shocking disappointment of the whole picture.  I once heard a comedian remark that a good comic writer can give you 10 new jokes of which you can use 3.  With Woody Allen, the comedian said, you can use all 10.  In "What's New Pussycat?", I wish there HAD been at least three good jokes.  This overlong look into the problems that O'Toole's character suffers from eventually attempts to save itself with a sort of Bennie Hill-style slapstick.  I take that back; there's no justifiable reason to besmirch the good name of Bennie Hill by associating it with this turkey.  Anyway, the movie ends in a chateau with a sort of musical beds involving all of O'Toole's mistresses.  An incomprehensible brouhaha ensues and the revelers escape to a neighboring go-kart track.  (Presumeably all fashional French Chateaus have a conveniently adjacent go-kart track).  This enables the movie to sink so low that it boggles the mind.  After all, we have some top talent in Allen, Sellers and O'toole and we see them spontaneously go go-kart-riding off into the sunset (or the side of a building, or a mud puddle, or something meant to be funny).  I was glad to be done with the movie.Woody Allen is a great talent.  Peter Sellers was a great talent.  Peter O'Toole was a great talent.  Watch them in their other productions but spare yourself the one movie that each one of them should not have made
 I am still awaiting receiving Dora the Explorer meets Diego.......I have ordered it twice once before Christmas and kept updating my order to ship when received and then I ordered it later and canceled the original order because it looked like it was available and then I got a delay again.......if you have any update on when this will be in and shipped I would really like to know......everything else that I have odered and has come from Toys R Us through Amazon I have been very pleaase with........
 Throughly dismisses all Jazz after 1960, including Fusion, Free Jazz, and everything thereafter. Marsalis actually calls Cecil Taylor's music "self-indulgent bullsh**" Apparently Taylor was not allowed to rebut this during the film. How was that allowed to air on the supposedly intellectual (but more likely agenda-driven) on PBS, I will never understand. If you think Swing is the only valid form of Jazz, you will love this series. If you think Coltrane is a God, you get five minutes' summary. So lets see here: 15 hours on Louis Armstrong and Duke, 5 minutes on Coletrane, and a total didmissal of everything after Duke's death. Reminds me of the Republisuck's "Fair and Balanced" nonsense. PBS, this is your wake-up call. Stop trying to rewrite history - Jazz ain't in a museum. Just ask the artists (most of whom are alive) whom Burns left out. Metheny, you out there
 I had to watch it in my 8th grade PE class and it is very informative and somewhat graphic. It shows the scariness of it and makes you eat for one thing! You wont ever forget it
 Don't bother trying to watch this terrible mini series.  It is a six hour bore, an unbelievable love triangle between three people who have absolutely no chemistry for each other.  There is no heat in this story, no real passion, no real romance.  It is a dry, boring, drawn out, and uninspired as they come.  The writing is atrocious, and while the actors should be given credit for not choking on the swill they have for dialogue, they are completely unbelievable.  The story is utterly predictable, though it goes off on pointless tangents and ignores potentially interesting subplots, and the only thing surprising is that anybody ever thought it would be a good idea to make this drivel.  It doesn't even meet the expected level of technical proficiency, with terrible editing, pathetic sound, and blatant continuity problems.  Take those six hours of your life and use them for something more worthwhile.  The BBC has made many better mini series, and pretty much any one of them would be preferable
 Next to A Night At the Roxbury (another Will Ferrell zero) this is the worst movie I've ever seen. So maudlin and it dragged on and on and on. It could actually make the viewer pray for death to end the torture so I guess it has some authenticity. Brad Pitt's particularly bad - one facial expression (blank) and a painful monotone delivery. I think he got some award aptly represented by a carved WOODEN statue of Keanu Reeves. Mr. Brangelina Jolie looks awful next to a brilliant thespian like Anthony Hopkins. Bottom line: this movie stinks and so (ironically) does Pitt
 &quot;Metropolis&quot;,Fritz Lang's 1927 silent masterpiece,is one of the most important films ever made and also a great one! But over the years,this film has been reedited,recut,and shortened which ruins the exact vision of an extrordinary filmmaker.Since its stay on the Public Domain shelf,the prints and image quality have over the years been poor.I DO NOT recommend the following versions:1.the Goodtimes Video release has poor image quality and even worse,NO MUSICAL SCORE! 2.The now-notorious Madacy DVD, which is about 5 times as worse as the Goodtimes video release,contains horrible,blurry image quality,freeze-frame opening titles,and an annoying musical score! Just recently,TCM (Turner Classic Movies) has broadcast the brand-new,beautifully restored 2002 restoration of &quot;Metropolis&quot; which I taped off of and trust me,it's well worth it! Buy the Kino restored version on either VHS or DVD,but DO NOT buy the horrible Public Domain versions which can definitely rip you off! A Terrific film and thanks to Kino for making this restored version a definite must-see! I also recommend the 1984 rerelease by Giorgio Moroder (which is now unfortunately out-of-print)and buy the soundtrack to go with it
 Can someone please tell me where to get the re-mastered DVD version of this film with Chinese audio and English subtitles?  The recent Hong Kong Legends release is crazy: Chinese audio, or English audio, but NO English subtitles!  Can someone please tell me where to get the re-mastered DVD version of this film with Chinese audio and English subtitles?  The recent Hong Kong Legends release is crazy: Chinese audio, or English audio, but NO English subtitles!  I have the original Chinese language/English subtitled (the subtitles are imbedded) version of this movie on a Universe VCD and, based on the merits of its available Chinese audio/English subtitles alone, it is a better movie--by magnitudes--than the one(s) commercially available to the (hapless) U.S. market.  I have the original Chinese language/English subtitled (the subtitles are imbedded) version of this movie on a Universe VCD and, based on the merits of its available Chinese audio/English subtitles alone, it is a better movie--by magnitudes--than the one(s) commercially available to the (hapless) U.S. market.  The English dubbing on this DVD, even though well synchronized with the actors' lips, takes so much away from the film nevertheless, especially its "Chinese-ness," which is a major reason I enjoy this movie genre.  Take, for example, the scene where our hero first returns to Jing Woo School after learning of his master's death and sees First Senior fight a challenge match with a visiting master.  After handily defeating the challenger, First Senior actually saves face for the beaten master which the English soundtrack completely (and deplorably) misses.  Also, at the very end of the U.S. release film, Chen says he is going back to his Japanese girlfriend.  In the original, Hong Kong release, he actually goes off to fight the Japanese with the resistance movement.  Between these two examples, there are many such, gross audio mis-cues; enough, at least, to take three stars away from an otherwise five-star martial arts film: the best of Jet Li's filmography, and perhaps the best of the "modern" Martial Arts genre, period.The English dubbing on this DVD, even though well synchronized with the actors' lips, takes so much away from the film nevertheless, especially its "Chinese-ness," which is a major reason I enjoy this movie genre.  Take, for example, the scene where our hero first returns to Jing Woo School after learning of his master's death and sees First Senior fight a challenge match with a visiting master.  After handily defeating the challenger, First Senior actually saves face for the beaten master which the English soundtrack completely (and deplorably) misses.  Also, at the very end of the U.S. release film, Chen says he is going back to his Japanese girlfriend.  In the original, Hong Kong release, he actually goes off to fight the Japanese with the resistance movement.  Between these two examples, there are many such, gross audio mis-cues; enough, at least, to take three stars away from an otherwise five-star martial arts film: the best of Jet Li's filmography, and perhaps the best of the "modern" Martial Arts genre, period.The same criticism holds true for Jet Li's The Tai Chi Master (released in the U.S. as the English-dubbed Twin Warriors).  It's an English soundtrack superimposed over a Chinese movie, often stripping the film of its unique cultural content/identity/nuance, forcing the film through an American "knock-down-shoot-'em-up" template and reducing the potential for mental (as opposed to strictly visceral) enjoyment to a pitiful minimum.  We end up with a film typically devoid of humor, character development and silver screen "intimacy," a film precariously out of balance with, and far flung from, its careful directorial intent.The same criticism holds true for Jet Li's The Tai Chi Master (released in the U.S. as the English-dubbed Twin Warriors).  It's an English soundtrack superimposed over a Chinese movie, often stripping the film of its unique cultural content/identity/nuance, forcing the film through an American "knock-down-shoot-'em-up" template and reducing the potential for mental (as opposed to strictly visceral) enjoyment to a pitiful minimum.  We end up with a film typically devoid of humor, character development and silver screen "intimacy," a film precariously out of balance with, and far flung from, its careful directorial intent.If you value the full content--visible and audible--of Chinese martial arts films, but lack facility in the host language, then the next best thing is a well-subtitled, original language version.  And this release clearly is not that--by a long, long, long shot. 
 If you read between the lines on all these glowing reviews, you will find out that this is a ridiculous movie with some good (not great) acting.  Jessica Lange basically does an impression of Marilyn Monroe with a southern accent.  Well not all of the time, since her accent seems to come and go.  The amount of effort that you will spend trying to suspend your disbelief will negate any good qualities this movie has.  Skip it unless you really, really, really love Jessica Lange.If you read between the lines on all these glowing reviews, you will find out that this is a ridiculous movie with some good (not great) acting.  Jessica Lange basically does an impression of Marilyn Monroe with a southern accent.  Well not all of the time, since her accent seems to come and go.  The amount of effort that you will spend trying to suspend your disbelief will negate any good qualities this movie has.  Skip it unless you really, really, really love Jessica Lange.By the way, if this movie is set in the early sixties, why does the daughter have a peace sign on her bedroom wall?  This is the same daughter that finds a grenade in a drawer and promptly pulls the pin and tosses it to her boyfriend! Puh-lease
 This video is boring. Too much talking and too little talking from the muppet characters. Might be suited more for an older child but mine is 13 months so there has to be constant colorful characters for her to be interested
 Of course the Criterion Collection has wonderful extras and a great transfer. The problem is the film itself.Of course the Criterion Collection has wonderful extras and a great transfer. The problem is the film itself.Preston Sturges made some genuinely profound films such as The Lady Eve, Unfaithfully Yours, and Hail the Conquering Hero that are rich and complex experiences. But Sullivan's Travels is   simplistic, pretentious, and false.Preston Sturges made some genuinely profound films such as The Lady Eve, Unfaithfully Yours, and Hail the Conquering Hero that are rich and complex experiences. But Sullivan's Travels is   simplistic, pretentious, and false.As the film's characters themselves point out, poverty is only intersting to the rich, whose view of it is distorted. Odd-faced character actors in dingy sets make a rich man's view of poverty and not at all related to the real thing. Sturges was one of the most highly-paid men in America, so his view of the subject matter is (like characters say in the film) based on cliche.As the film's characters themselves point out, poverty is only intersting to the rich, whose view of it is distorted. Odd-faced character actors in dingy sets make a rich man's view of poverty and not at all related to the real thing. Sturges was one of the most highly-paid men in America, so his view of the subject matter is (like characters say in the film) based on cliche.The climax with its chain-gang laughing at a cartoon, is pretty dopey and a fairly unconvincing argument for comedy. Sturges would do better to point to how comedy in his best films allows him to examine self-deception, angry love, role playing and a host of other themes--in other words how humor gets into the darkest and most ambigous areas of human life that "serious" drama cannot so easily reach.The climax with its chain-gang laughing at a cartoon, is pretty dopey and a fairly unconvincing argument for comedy. Sturges would do better to point to how comedy in his best films allows him to examine self-deception, angry love, role playing and a host of other themes--in other words how humor gets into the darkest and most ambigous areas of human life that "serious" drama cannot so easily reach.This film is exactly the kind of film that Sullivan wants to make--which is why it is so overearnest and uninteresting.  This film is exactly the kind of film that Sullivan wants to make--which is why it is so overearnest and uninteresting.  If you want to see the genious of Preston Sturges, watch any of his other films (even Harold Diddlebock) in their entirety. After the first 10 minutes a simplemindedness takes over Sullivan's Travels that make makes it a dispiriting film.If you want to see the genious of Preston Sturges, watch any of his other films (even Harold Diddlebock) in their entirety. After the first 10 minutes a simplemindedness takes over Sullivan's Travels that make makes it a dispiriting film.
 I love Stargate, and give the movie 5 stars. I own a VHS copy, and have watched it many times.I love Stargate, and give the movie 5 stars. I own a VHS copy, and have watched it many times.With that said this "Ultimate Edition" is not ultimate at all. There are no real special features. The documentary is a cheesy one that explores if there is a real stargate, but there are no...NO...behind the scenes/making of Star Gate insights at all. This documentary has nothing to do with the cast/crew/design/production of the movie. This does not, by any means, make this DVD ultimate. This DVD edition isn't ultimate at all, but extremely mediocre.With that said this "Ultimate Edition" is not ultimate at all. There are no real special features. The documentary is a cheesy one that explores if there is a real stargate, but there are no...NO...behind the scenes/making of Star Gate insights at all. This documentary has nothing to do with the cast/crew/design/production of the movie. This does not, by any means, make this DVD ultimate. This DVD edition isn't ultimate at all, but extremely mediocre.The only special feature on this disk is a producer/director audio commentary that can run during the movie. That's it. Really. No kidding
 This movie was so stupid, everyone listens to Nina when she is clearly messing with their lives. They are stupid enough to believe her, and well I don't even know what else happens cause I saved myself and changed the channel
 What a disappointing purchase this was!  I have never purchased a dvd set that was this bad in quality without it being pirated. Actually, I've seen vhs copies with better audio/video quality.  If I had not purchased the set from Amazon itself I would have thought, I did get a cheap bootleg. The sound is a bit flat, which I could deal get over, but the picture quality is just horrendous! All of the episodes are grainy, pixilated, and some even blur a bit. There are whole episodes where the show is so dark you can hardly tell what is going on. It's a waste of money to buy dvd's like this. Shame on Fox for releasing them this bad!What a disappointing purchase this was!  I have never purchased a dvd set that was this bad in quality without it being pirated. Actually, I've seen vhs copies with better audio/video quality.  If I had not purchased the set from Amazon itself I would have thought, I did get a cheap bootleg. The sound is a bit flat, which I could deal get over, but the picture quality is just horrendous! All of the episodes are grainy, pixilated, and some even blur a bit. There are whole episodes where the show is so dark you can hardly tell what is going on. It's a waste of money to buy dvd's like this. Shame on Fox for releasing them this bad!As for the show itself, well, it would be kind to say it was okay. In truth, it is not that great. I wonder how the show made it to season two at all. The acting was bad, the dialog was atrocious, the stories were subpar; I could go on, but I think you get the idea. Usually, a shows first season is the best or at the least good enough to make you want to see the next run, but not this one.As for the show itself, well, it would be kind to say it was okay. In truth, it is not that great. I wonder how the show made it to season two at all. The acting was bad, the dialog was atrocious, the stories were subpar; I could go on, but I think you get the idea. Usually, a shows first season is the best or at the least good enough to make you want to see the next run, but not this one.In short, DO NOT buy this set even if you are a fan. You can tape reruns on the FX channel in better quality!
 His Girl Friday is an OK movie about newspaper reporters in the early part of the 20th century.  I think it was supposed to be funny, and it may have been at the time, but most of the dialog was lost on me
 The simple truth is, this movie is boring. Yes, it has a really long (not to say interminable) rape scene in it, and yes, some guy gets his head smashed in with a fire extinguisher. But so what? It's still boring. We just sort of drift around from moment to moment, through what seem to be virtually unscripted scenes, backwards through the "story," which has pretty much no focus or ultimate impact. Then it's over and you get to do something more interesting, like shine the silverware. Don't get me wrong, I like dark and disturbing films (Texas Chainsaw Massacre, anyone?), but I prefer them to at least be interesting and involving. I'd take anything David Cronenberg ever made over this, and I'm including the early stuff
 WARNING: SPOILERS. Opening scene is quite shocking.  Some graphic effects.  There is more male nudity and male genitalia than female.  There is only one quick...very quick female genitalia shot near the beginning, or "end" of the movie.  Since the movie begins with the "ending scene" and ends with the "opening scene".  The rape scene is violent, with graphic language.  Obviously actual penetration is achieved (anal)...but none shown.  Not even a good boob shot.  You "of course" see the male genitalia (big deal)!WARNING: SPOILERS. Opening scene is quite shocking.  Some graphic effects.  There is more male nudity and male genitalia than female.  There is only one quick...very quick female genitalia shot near the beginning, or "end" of the movie.  Since the movie begins with the "ending scene" and ends with the "opening scene".  The rape scene is violent, with graphic language.  Obviously actual penetration is achieved (anal)...but none shown.  Not even a good boob shot.  You "of course" see the male genitalia (big deal)!Movie is revenge driven...and that seems to be about it.  Doesn't have a great script...may be good to the French...but, not to US standards.  Movie is in French with English subtitles.   
 PASS ON THIS ONE. THE ORIGINAL WAS OK, BUT IF YOU WANT GREAT MUSIC, GREAT DANCING, AWESOME SETS, TRULY CELTIC--EVEN WITH THE HUGE EGO OF MICHAEL FLATLEY, WHO IS, BY THE WAY AN EXTRAORDINARY TALENT, BUY HIS SHOW "FEET OF FLAMES" TOTALLY TOE-TAPPING AWESOME. THIS WILL BE NO DISAPPOINTMENT LIKE THE SO CALLED "BEST OF RIVERDANCE" IT HAS NO SPANISH DANCE, NO SPIRITUALS, NO HIP-HOP, NO RUSSIAN DANCE. ALL WELL AND GOOD FOR MANY. BUT FEET OF FLAMES IS TOTALLY IRISH & CELTIC, WHICHEVER YOU WANT TO CALL IT.  EMMA KILLINGBECK  SCOTS&IRISH TO THE COR
 Peter Segal's "Anger Management" is a film with nothing going for it.  It is best described as boring, annoying, and devoid of laughs.Peter Segal's "Anger Management" is a film with nothing going for it.  It is best described as boring, annoying, and devoid of laughs.Mild-mannered Dave Buznik (Adam Sandler) is sent to anger management counseling after an unfortunate misunderstanding.  He immediately develops a problematic relationship with Buddy Rydell (Jack Nicholson), the self-help expert leading the sessions.  As the two men spend more and more time together, Buznik starts to wonder if his counselor is the one who should be undergoing counseling.   Mild-mannered Dave Buznik (Adam Sandler) is sent to anger management counseling after an unfortunate misunderstanding.  He immediately develops a problematic relationship with Buddy Rydell (Jack Nicholson), the self-help expert leading the sessions.  As the two men spend more and more time together, Buznik starts to wonder if his counselor is the one who should be undergoing counseling.   "Anger Management" just does not get as much mileage out of its premise as it would like.  It is essentially a one-joke film that wears out its welcome very quickly.  Sandler and Nicholson are saddled with a script that fails to produce even a snicker.  Furthermore, the parade of cameos throughout the film add nothing to the story and just feel like a lame attempt to squeeze in as many recognizable faces as possible into the proceedings.  Truth be told, "Anger Management" is one of those projects that was green-lighted because of the talent involved and not because of its quality. 
 I really hate how all these exercise videos are repackaged and called something different.  It's damn confusing.I really hate how all these exercise videos are repackaged and called something different.  It's damn confusing.At any rate, just be aware that if you buy "Sleek Physique"  (ALSO called "SLIM Physique" in different packaging!) from Karen Voight you are getting to same stuff  from this DVD.At any rate, just be aware that if you buy "Sleek Physique"  (ALSO called "SLIM Physique" in different packaging!) from Karen Voight you are getting to same stuff  from this DVD.Shame
 In the annals of Criterion this has to be one of their most bloated, pointless offerings. This film is just ridiculously bad, not fun, just kind of depressing to see so much wasted effort on such a pathetic script. If you really want to watch 1960s Willis O'Brien-inspired stop motion animation watch anything by Harryhausen and call it good. Equinox works only as a curiosity or Mystery Scince Theater 3000 fodder.In the annals of Criterion this has to be one of their most bloated, pointless offerings. This film is just ridiculously bad, not fun, just kind of depressing to see so much wasted effort on such a pathetic script. If you really want to watch 1960s Willis O'Brien-inspired stop motion animation watch anything by Harryhausen and call it good. Equinox works only as a curiosity or Mystery Scince Theater 3000 fodder.If you want to see great low-budget Southern California filmaking, watch "Halloween"
 I like Air Supply songs. This DVD is a big disappointment. Sound quality could have been better
 Movie has a lot of cursing, and nudity as well.  I was very disappointed because I thought the reviews made it sound like I could show it to high school students
 Robert Groden suggests that the Zapruder film of the Kennedy Assassination has been tampered with to cover up the real killers of Kennedy.  In my opinion, his "evidence" is shaky at best.  Groden has made a lucrative living off of proposing alternative theories of who "really" shot Kennedy, and here he is in 2003 suggesting that there was a conspiracy to kill Kennedy despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary presented by ABC, CBS, and many books.  Groden needs to finally realize that the Kennedy assassination has been solved definitively, and his continuation of conspiracy theories is clearly his lame and pathetic attempt to keep his money cash-cow alive.  Robert Groden suggests that the Zapruder film of the Kennedy Assassination has been tampered with to cover up the real killers of Kennedy.  In my opinion, his "evidence" is shaky at best.  Groden has made a lucrative living off of proposing alternative theories of who "really" shot Kennedy, and here he is in 2003 suggesting that there was a conspiracy to kill Kennedy despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary presented by ABC, CBS, and many books.  Groden needs to finally realize that the Kennedy assassination has been solved definitively, and his continuation of conspiracy theories is clearly his lame and pathetic attempt to keep his money cash-cow alive.  Don't draw a conclusion based on this DVD!  Look at other sources listed below and then draw your conclusion:Don't draw a conclusion based on this DVD!  Look at other sources listed below and then draw your conclusion:1.  ABC's Peter Jennings presentation of the Kennedy Assassination (available on Amazon.com) clearly shows that Oswald was the one and only killer of JFK.2.  CBS's Dan Rather's special program on the Kennedy Assassination (available on CBS website) also suggests that the preponderence of the evidence points to Oswald as the lone killer.  3.  The book "Case Closed", by Gerald Posner.  He uses the physical evidence collected in Dallas, logic, and his ability to see through the fallicies of the conspiracies to show that Lee Oswald is the lone assassin.  4.  The book "Marina and Lee", by Priscilla Johnson McMillian.  This book shows that Oswald was certainly capable of the assassination, and the circumstances of his life point to the conclusion that he killed Kennedy.  4.  The book "Marina and Lee", by Priscilla Johnson McMillian.  This book shows that Oswald was certainly capable of the assassination, and the circumstances of his life point to the conclusion that he killed Kennedy.  My advice is to watch this DVD first, and then look at the sources I list above, and then make an intelligent conclusion.  If you are like me, you will see that Groden really has nothing solid to stand on.  My advice is to watch this DVD first, and then look at the sources I list above, and then make an intelligent conclusion.  If you are like me, you will see that Groden really has nothing solid to stand on.  Jim "KOnedog" Konedog, Kennedy Assassination StuudentJim "KOnedog" Konedog, Kennedy Assassination StuudentJim "KOnedog" Konedog, Kennedy Assassination Stuudent
 This is not about Riverdance.This is not about Riverdance.This is about what this disc did to murder it.This is about what this disc did to murder it.I popped it in, expecting to seemy favorite dance scenes (while conveiniently skipping the singing), when all of a sudden I'm at the finale.  All I could say was "WTF?!", "WTH?!", or words to that effect.I popped it in, expecting to seemy favorite dance scenes (while conveiniently skipping the singing), when all of a sudden I'm at the finale.  All I could say was "WTF?!", "WTH?!", or words to that effect.This "SuperBit" edition cuts out half -- HALF -- of the scenes this performance had to offer, including (but certainly notlimited to) Riverdance and Trading Taps.This "SuperBit" edition cuts out half -- HALF -- of the scenes this performance had to offer, including (but certainly notlimited to) Riverdance and Trading Taps.Not only that, but (unless the "high def" only works for high-end TVs) the video quality is equal to my old VHS copy.Not only that, but (unless the "high def" only works for high-end TVs) the video quality is equal to my old VHS copy.I sincerely hope this problem only occurs on my copy, but I suggest to get a refund webpage ready, because the atrocious product I received royally screws this great perform up the ---
 PLEASE do NOT waste your time or money on this much-hyped piece of trash.  Not only is Harvey Walden unconvincing in his role as drill sargeant, he lacks passion as is evident by the body language and expressions of the exercisers in the video.  Unlike other excercise gurus, he does not exercise WITH you, instead he stands on the sidelines and barks out commands. The production quality is very low budget.  It looks like it was shot using a  camcorder. The set is bland and melancholy, and THERE IS NO MUSIC! All you hear is the loud marching of the feet of the exercisers, who display NO enthusiasm at all.  And, I for one, can't blame them.  I only hope they got paid for what must have been an extremely painful project for them. I was never more bored in my life.  Walden's cuing is off, and furthermore, it is difficult to follow an excercise instructor who does not do the moves with you.  That's just crazy.  What was he thinking?  I have no words to describe how awful this video is. I wish I could give it 0 stars.  Don't waste your money.  PLEASE!!!!  The other reviewers must be new to exercise because I can't understand how they couldn't see that this video lacks what an experienced exerciser would expect. If you want a high-powered, energizing, effective calorie burning workout you will not like this video at all. You will be sorely disappointed for sure.  Instead try Kathy Smith's Peak Fat Burning or any one of her step workouts
 The only thing worse than seeing this movie is the fact that it plays automatically all over again when it's over. This is a glorified music video of horrible music. Jim Carey should not be on the cover of this movie either, as he is in about 15 to 20% of the whole thing. They should have had whoever the musical artist was. I honestly don't even know the plot of this movie, and I'm not kidding. I laughed so hard out loud ... when I had to read the back of the DVD case to remember what it was supposed to be about. The sound? They interlaced two songs (one in your right speaker, one in your left) that don't even match. If you want an idea for a good movie, read the back of this DVD case, and follow that plot, as the director sure steered clear of it. Alan Thicke ... I thought I knew ye! Oh, and I gave it one star only because I couldn't find the "Give me my money back" option.The only thing worse than seeing this movie is the fact that it plays automatically all over again when it's over. This is a glorified music video of horrible music. Jim Carey should not be on the cover of this movie either, as he is in about 15 to 20% of the whole thing. They should have had whoever the musical artist was. I honestly don't even know the plot of this movie, and I'm not kidding. I laughed so hard out loud ... when I had to read the back of the DVD case to remember what it was supposed to be about. The sound? They interlaced two songs (one in your right speaker, one in your left) that don't even match. If you want an idea for a good movie, read the back of this DVD case, and follow that plot, as the director sure steered clear of it. Alan Thicke ... I thought I knew ye! Oh, and I gave it one star only because I couldn't find the "Give me my money back" option.***EDIT*** It's currently selling at $.16 in the used section. That says something right there. It's almost tempting to buy to give to people. I go to a university out in OKC, and we've passed it around the dorm telling everyone "It's the best movie ever! It's SO funny!" blah blah blah ... then, they get mad after they lose an hour of their life, but have no problem passing it around to others and doing the same to them
 The acting was stiff and vapid, the filming was grainy and amateurish, the story was non-existent. A good Rx for insomnia, this forgettable piece of rubbish has only one redeeming quality: Seeing young Jim Carey trying to make the most of a boring script and insipid role
 Poor Lindsay Lohan - it seems between bad choices in films and even worse choices in real life, she may be about to destroy her career before it even takes off.  As an actress, she is falling into some very rough waters where she is expected to carry films on her shoulders before she has even had a chance to mature in her craft.  As a child actress, she was a natural fit for her spate of Disney appearances, with FREAKY FRIDAY her crowning achievment.  However, as a young adult, the pressure is much higher, as is the bar of success.  And movies like this are NOT helping.Poor Lindsay Lohan - it seems between bad choices in films and even worse choices in real life, she may be about to destroy her career before it even takes off.  As an actress, she is falling into some very rough waters where she is expected to carry films on her shoulders before she has even had a chance to mature in her craft.  As a child actress, she was a natural fit for her spate of Disney appearances, with FREAKY FRIDAY her crowning achievment.  However, as a young adult, the pressure is much higher, as is the bar of success.  And movies like this are NOT helping.But to be fair, one cannot place the blame on Ms. Lohan.  The fact is, she has already had a turn in a non-Disney role which paid off exquisitely.  MEAN GIRLS offered us the first glimpse of Lindsay in a post-Disney world.  The timing was on, the interaction with the cast was superb, and everything just fell into place.  But then again, that film also benefitted from a knockout script by a knockout writer (Tina Fey).  JUST MY LUCK has NONE of these things going for it.But to be fair, one cannot place the blame on Ms. Lohan.  The fact is, she has already had a turn in a non-Disney role which paid off exquisitely.  MEAN GIRLS offered us the first glimpse of Lindsay in a post-Disney world.  The timing was on, the interaction with the cast was superb, and everything just fell into place.  But then again, that film also benefitted from a knockout script by a knockout writer (Tina Fey).  JUST MY LUCK has NONE of these things going for it.Perhaps ironically, Ms. Lohan's latest vehicle is quite an unlucky choice for her.  We have a promising premise in the concept of a boy and girl with opposing luck.  Lohan is lucky, Chris Pine is not.  Inevitably through the courses of movie magic, we know that the two will end up trading places (much like Eddie Murphy and Dan Akroyd once did in . . . what was the name of that movie again?)  The only mystery for the viewer is whether this will occur through a wise old Asian or a wise old Gypsy. (Spoiler - it's the gypsy! OK, I know, I shouldn't be giving these things away!)  Like I said, we all know this is going to happen.  What we DIDN'T know was that it was going to take THIRTY-FIVE minutes to get there!  So, we kill one full third of the movie being bombarded with example after example of Lohan's good luck and Pine's bad luck.  By the time they make the switch, I had already lost interest and was planning my lunch.Perhaps ironically, Ms. Lohan's latest vehicle is quite an unlucky choice for her.  We have a promising premise in the concept of a boy and girl with opposing luck.  Lohan is lucky, Chris Pine is not.  Inevitably through the courses of movie magic, we know that the two will end up trading places (much like Eddie Murphy and Dan Akroyd once did in . . . what was the name of that movie again?)  The only mystery for the viewer is whether this will occur through a wise old Asian or a wise old Gypsy. (Spoiler - it's the gypsy! OK, I know, I shouldn't be giving these things away!)  Like I said, we all know this is going to happen.  What we DIDN'T know was that it was going to take THIRTY-FIVE minutes to get there!  So, we kill one full third of the movie being bombarded with example after example of Lohan's good luck and Pine's bad luck.  By the time they make the switch, I had already lost interest and was planning my lunch.After the predictable bout of sudden bad luck, Lohan learns that an ill-timed kiss with Mr. Pine was what caused the change of fortune.  Problem is, the kiss was at a masquerade party, and she doesn't know whom she kissed.  What follows is perhaps the film's only somewhat enjoyable sequence as Lohan tracks down and ambushes 20 strangers with sudden and embarassingly public kisses trying to get her luck back. After the predictable bout of sudden bad luck, Lohan learns that an ill-timed kiss with Mr. Pine was what caused the change of fortune.  Problem is, the kiss was at a masquerade party, and she doesn't know whom she kissed.  What follows is perhaps the film's only somewhat enjoyable sequence as Lohan tracks down and ambushes 20 strangers with sudden and embarassingly public kisses trying to get her luck back. Sadly, this brief bright spot ends too quickly, and it is back to the formula as Lohan and Pine meet and fall in love anyway, not knowing that they are the ones who caused each other's luck to change.  If predictable hook-ups make you happy, you might find some charm in this final third of the film - that is if you can overlook the sudden need for Lohan's best friend to become a song-writer in what was obviously a "what do we do with the final act?" tacked-on storyline with positively no set-up beforehand.Sadly, this brief bright spot ends too quickly, and it is back to the formula as Lohan and Pine meet and fall in love anyway, not knowing that they are the ones who caused each other's luck to change.  If predictable hook-ups make you happy, you might find some charm in this final third of the film - that is if you can overlook the sudden need for Lohan's best friend to become a song-writer in what was obviously a "what do we do with the final act?" tacked-on storyline with positively no set-up beforehand.The problem with this film is that it comes across as very "slapped-together" (To borrow from Mad TV, it was "JUST MADE IN TEN DAYS).  Is the director to blame?  While Donald Petrie has a few hits to his name (MISS CONGENIALTY, GRUMPY OLD MEN, and MYSTIC PIZZA) he also has more than a few duds (THE ASSOCIATE, WELCOME TO MOOSEPORT, MY FAVORITE MARTIAN).  The problem with this film is that it comes across as very "slapped-together" (To borrow from Mad TV, it was "JUST MADE IN TEN DAYS).  Is the director to blame?  While Donald Petrie has a few hits to his name (MISS CONGENIALTY, GRUMPY OLD MEN, and MYSTIC PIZZA) he also has more than a few duds (THE ASSOCIATE, WELCOME TO MOOSEPORT, MY FAVORITE MARTIAN).  Or perhaps it is the writing team?  To date, the two credited writers have yet to muster up a single true hit, and one gets the sense that a more competent writing team would have taken a better direction with the plot and have not wasted the obvious talent that Ms. Lohan does in fact possess.  Personally, I would have liked to have seen the producers take a risk and make Lohan a much more loathsome character to begin with than she is.  Her character comes off as too nice to hate, and yet too shallow to root for.  Or perhaps it is the writing team?  To date, the two credited writers have yet to muster up a single true hit, and one gets the sense that a more competent writing team would have taken a better direction with the plot and have not wasted the obvious talent that Ms. Lohan does in fact possess.  Personally, I would have liked to have seen the producers take a risk and make Lohan a much more loathsome character to begin with than she is.  Her character comes off as too nice to hate, and yet too shallow to root for.  Whoever is to blame, this is clearly a sub-par effort at best, and one I hope Lindsay (or her casting agent) will learn from.  With four movies coming down the pike, she still has a shot at transitioning into a much more serious career.  I like that she has taken smaller ensemble roles recently (such as PRAIRIE HOME COMPANION and BOBBY).  A very smart play on her part.  Let's hope she can steer clear of JUST MY LUCK roles for awhile
 I liked this movie but I also didn't like it.the story line was very predictable. I saw a similar movie of true movies.the acting was fairly good. it does go to show how ignorant people are when it comes to Rape.after watching this movie I realise why many rapes go unreported
 Every once in a while someone comes up with a movie and makes the terrible assumption that as long as they put a well known actor/actress in it that everything will turn out good. Blue Steel is one of those movies. Jamie Lee Curtis plays a rookie cop who is being held responsible for civilian casualties (or should I say murders) which she did not commit. Sounds like an interesting plot, right? It would be had the script not been so poorly written. The supporting actors give such a bland/typical performance that not even Jamie Lee could have saved the dialogue. Aside from the acting, the film does not give the action packed performance that it promises. Some scenes are quite dull and as you are watching you wonder half way through the movie when the cop (Jamie Lee) is going to finally kill the psychopath whose been after her. So why do I give Blue Steel an extra star? Well, I'll just say that if you are a fan of Jamie Lee Curtis you might want to watch this if it comes on television. Just don't pay over $3 to rent it and certainly don't buy it
 This is just like an updated B movie from the sixties and I enjoyed it.  It's real comic book stuff.  The effects are not bad, the pace hardly flags and the cast seem to be enjoying themselves so it's easy viewing.  I enjoyed this more than big budget films such as Evolution or Jurassic Park 3.  But I think the absence of big names will put people off, not that it matters because the cast here do a fine job.  And if big names don't matter to you then you could do a lot worse than watch this
 I love Adam Sandler.  Well, I used to love him, before he made Eight Crazy Nights.  Not only was this cartoon not funny, it was downright trash.  I would not recommend this "feature" to anyone.  "Eight Crazy Nights" was short on story, long on time, and wearing on patience.  I kept watching in hopes that this cartoon would redeem itself; I needed some justification for wasting the 2 hours of my life that I will never get back.  Needless to say, I stuck it out until the credits, and now I have to live with the facts that I: 1.) watched the movie; and 2.) I'll never get that time back.  So now I sit here, typing away a review I doubt anyone will read, wasting more of my precious life on that ridiculous movie!  HUMBUG!  Watch "Ishtar," you'll get more out of it.  Oh, and I only awarded one star because Amazon insists you give everything at least one star.  I did this under protest.
 Death Tunnel began with promise. Early in the movie we were treated to some unique visuals, wonderful music, and a good feel. Them the actors opened their mouths and Death Tunnel fell apart.Death Tunnel began with promise. Early in the movie we were treated to some unique visuals, wonderful music, and a good feel. Them the actors opened their mouths and Death Tunnel fell apart.Death Tunnel is the story of 5 college girls who, seeking an initiation into a party clique, are picked into a hazing ceremony which leads them to an old hospital where white plague victims were slaughtered. The building holds much more than they suspect, including angry (and dull!) ghosts. From here the madness ensues and the blood flows.Death Tunnel is the story of 5 college girls who, seeking an initiation into a party clique, are picked into a hazing ceremony which leads them to an old hospital where white plague victims were slaughtered. The building holds much more than they suspect, including angry (and dull!) ghosts. From here the madness ensues and the blood flows.Death Tunnel drags after the first 30 minutes, and holds few frights. The story gets dull once the girls are trapped, for nothing really happens other than 45 minutes of filming tricks. During this time we are tortured with an abundance of horrible acting; some of the worst in an horror film I have seen this year. The acting leaves you scratching your head, wondering how any film studio will give a director/producer $2 million to make Death Tunnel and allow them to squander the money on junk talent.Death Tunnel drags after the first 30 minutes, and holds few frights. The story gets dull once the girls are trapped, for nothing really happens other than 45 minutes of filming tricks. During this time we are tortured with an abundance of horrible acting; some of the worst in an horror film I have seen this year. The acting leaves you scratching your head, wondering how any film studio will give a director/producer $2 million to make Death Tunnel and allow them to squander the money on junk talent.And in the end, that is what kills Death Tunnel: pitiful acting. The acting is scary, the movie isn't. Run away from this stinker. Run very, very far away and don't look back.And in the end, that is what kills Death Tunnel: pitiful acting. The acting is scary, the movie isn't. Run away from this stinker. Run very, very far away and don't look back.Total Score (out of 100) = 18Total Score (out of 100) = 1811 (out of 50). Enjoyment. A rating based on my overall enjoyment of the film.0 (out of 10). Acting. How good was the acting?2 (out of 10). Immersion. Did the movie suck me into the story?5 (out of 10). Intangibles. Special effects. Movie pace. Is the movie forgettable, or something you will talk about and remember for weeks? Years? 0 (out of 10). Must see. Is this movie worth seeing/renting?0 (out of 10). Must buy. Is this movie a must buy/purchase
 To enjoy Citizen Kane, you have to be able to answer the question above. I just hate almost everything about this film. I think it's easy to create a hype how such a terrible film look great and deep. Many people will fall for it. But it's very hard to make a truly GREAT FILM!
 This is not a movie, in a classic sense.  This is a set of interviews of dj's &amp; promoters.  I'm fine with that however the djs that participates are not the best representations of the electronic industry.  Where is Paul Oakenfold, Paul Van Dyk, Sasha, Digweed, Dave Seaman, Deep Dish , Dj Dan... and countless other famous dj's?  I understand that the budget might have been too small to invite one of those dj's mentioned above for an interview or so ...but in this movie there are lots of dj's that are not that well representative of an industry that's becomming smaller and smaller.  For your money's worth, buy a breakbeat dance video where you will be more entretained than a documental wanna be..
 First off, let me say that this is a great collection of really bad sci-fi movies. The selection spans several sub-genres of the classic sci-fi age. You've got Gamera movies, Hercules movies, outer space movies. The whole gamut.First off, let me say that this is a great collection of really bad sci-fi movies. The selection spans several sub-genres of the classic sci-fi age. You've got Gamera movies, Hercules movies, outer space movies. The whole gamut.Unfortunately, the sound is very bad and the movies are not closed captioned. As an individual with a hearing problem, the soundtrack was almost indecipherable due to the constant hum that permeates most of the transfers. The video is also problematic, but no where near as bad as the sound
 Bearing in mind that the 50 MOVIE PACK line is what it is, no-frills packages of public-domain films, I have to say that SCI FI CLASSICS is not up to the level of MYSTERY CLASSICS and HORROR CLASSICS, which I also own.  I've watched everything in the MYSTERY and HORROR sets, and, while the latter is padded with flicks that properly belong in the former, I didn't feel cheated by either.  Moreover, some of the films included, such as DETOUR, IMPACT, BLUEBEARD, and TOO LATE FOR TEARS, actually are classics of a sort, deserving of repeated viewings.Bearing in mind that the 50 MOVIE PACK line is what it is, no-frills packages of public-domain films, I have to say that SCI FI CLASSICS is not up to the level of MYSTERY CLASSICS and HORROR CLASSICS, which I also own.  I've watched everything in the MYSTERY and HORROR sets, and, while the latter is padded with flicks that properly belong in the former, I didn't feel cheated by either.  Moreover, some of the films included, such as DETOUR, IMPACT, BLUEBEARD, and TOO LATE FOR TEARS, actually are classics of a sort, deserving of repeated viewings.Only about 36 of the 50 films included in SCI FI CLASSICS remotely qualify as science fiction or even as "sci fi" -- and the only "classics" among them are famous (or infamous) anti-masterpieces on the order of ROBOT MONSTER, TEENAGERS FROM OUTER SPACE, MESA OF LOST WOMEN, and SANTA CLAUS CONQUERS THE MARTIANS; the balance comprises sword-and-sandal strongman epics, e.g., HERCULES AND THE TYRANT OF BABYLON, and jungle epics, e.g., WHITE PONGO, QUEEN OF THE AMAZONS, and Clyde Beatty's LOST JUNGLE.  If you simply must have copies of low-budget programmers such as UNKNOWN WORLD, HORRORS OF SPIDER ISLAND, and THE INCREDIBLE PETRIFIED WORLD on hand for those occasions when THE DAY THE EARTH STOOD STILL doesn't ring your chimes, you'll like this package.  Otherwise, beware
 Kiefer Sutherland stars in `Dead Heat' a crime drama in which the star of hit TV series `24' can show more tender side of the character than he is often associated with. He plays Pally, 35-year-old Boston cop who is forced to retire because of the heart problem, and his acting is very good. Overall, however, there is not much that I can recommend in `Dead Heat' except some nice touch in showing the characters. The film tries to include as many things as possible, but few of them really materialize. Kiefer Sutherland stars in `Dead Heat' a crime drama in which the star of hit TV series `24' can show more tender side of the character than he is often associated with. He plays Pally, 35-year-old Boston cop who is forced to retire because of the heart problem, and his acting is very good. Overall, however, there is not much that I can recommend in `Dead Heat' except some nice touch in showing the characters. The film tries to include as many things as possible, but few of them really materialize. The story looks rather like a familiar one. Because of his early retirement, Pally starts to drink, and even thinks of committing suicide. His relationship with his estranged wife Charlotte (Rhada Mitchell) is not going well and he is not happy to know that she is now going out with someone else. The story looks rather like a familiar one. Because of his early retirement, Pally starts to drink, and even thinks of committing suicide. His relationship with his estranged wife Charlotte (Rhada Mitchell) is not going well and he is not happy to know that she is now going out with someone else. But Charlotte is also nice and caring, so she persuades Pally's brother Ray (Anthony LaPaglia) to visit him. Ray, who is accused of not being a law-abiding citizen by his too earnest brother, has a good plan to make money easily, and offers it to Pally. It is about buying a racehorse cheap, he says, and it is an easy job because he happens to know that the horse, which has not win any races recently, is actually misdiagnosed, only suffering from a polyp a small operation can remove. But Charlotte is also nice and caring, so she persuades Pally's brother Ray (Anthony LaPaglia) to visit him. Ray, who is accused of not being a law-abiding citizen by his too earnest brother, has a good plan to make money easily, and offers it to Pally. It is about buying a racehorse cheap, he says, and it is an easy job because he happens to know that the horse, which has not win any races recently, is actually misdiagnosed, only suffering from a polyp a small operation can remove. When everything is going well, things get suddenly complicated because of a gambling-addicted jockey Tony (Lothaire Bluteau). From here, the story snowballs into blackmail, caper and even murder, but the film's overall tone is always light, not taking itself very seriously. When everything is going well, things get suddenly complicated because of a gambling-addicted jockey Tony (Lothaire Bluteau). From here, the story snowballs into blackmail, caper and even murder, but the film's overall tone is always light, not taking itself very seriously. Unfortunately, for all their effective acting from Sutherland, LaPaglia, Mitchell, and Bluteau, the weak and unsure direction totally fails to give momentum to the otherwise unremarkable film. It is not funny when it tries to make us funny, and it is not romantic when it tries to be romantic. Feeble direction simply misses several good opportunities to make good use of the jockey's sullen little daughter Sam (Kay Panabaker, her feature debut), who could have been a little surprise (or gem) in this unconvincing plot.Unfortunately, for all their effective acting from Sutherland, LaPaglia, Mitchell, and Bluteau, the weak and unsure direction totally fails to give momentum to the otherwise unremarkable film. It is not funny when it tries to make us funny, and it is not romantic when it tries to be romantic. Feeble direction simply misses several good opportunities to make good use of the jockey's sullen little daughter Sam (Kay Panabaker, her feature debut), who could have been a little surprise (or gem) in this unconvincing plot.It is true that Kiefer Sutherland shows in `Dead Heat' another side of acting talent, which is less eccentric and intense than most of the roles he had played, or he would play. That is good news, and the only good news here
 Delmer Daves' mediocre direction of the sequel to the equally pathetic film "The Robe" starring Richard Burton.  A totally contrived film that demonstrates no competence in either screenplay, direction, acting, or historical accuracy of any sort.  Avoid at all costs unless you're expecting to see it as a comedy.Delmer Daves' mediocre direction of the sequel to the equally pathetic film "The Robe" starring Richard Burton.  A totally contrived film that demonstrates no competence in either screenplay, direction, acting, or historical accuracy of any sort.  Avoid at all costs unless you're expecting to see it as a comedy.Compared to Kubrik's incredible direction for 'Spartacus' a few years later, the gladiatorial scenes in this film are second rate. Even the low budget film 'Barabas' with Anthony Quinn had better direction than this worthless film.  The screenplay is contrived, the script is worthless, and the acting utterly shallow from everyone on this film: at least 'The Robe' had Richard Burton.  Victor Mature continues to act as if he just came out of a cocktail lounge after a few martinis too many.  Jay Robinson continues his idiotic and ridiculous performance of Caligula as if the character were a retarded bufoon instead of the diabolical genius of cruelty and perversion (See Hurt's performance in the BBC's 'I, Claudius' to see how a good actor handles this character.)  In short, reading the New Testament or going to a church sermon is far more entertaining and historically faithful than watching this garbage film.  Just the fact that Victor 'Manure' is in this film says it all.Compared to Kubrik's incredible direction for 'Spartacus' a few years later, the gladiatorial scenes in this film are second rate. Even the low budget film 'Barabas' with Anthony Quinn had better direction than this worthless film.  The screenplay is contrived, the script is worthless, and the acting utterly shallow from everyone on this film: at least 'The Robe' had Richard Burton.  Victor Mature continues to act as if he just came out of a cocktail lounge after a few martinis too many.  Jay Robinson continues his idiotic and ridiculous performance of Caligula as if the character were a retarded bufoon instead of the diabolical genius of cruelty and perversion (See Hurt's performance in the BBC's 'I, Claudius' to see how a good actor handles this character.)  In short, reading the New Testament or going to a church sermon is far more entertaining and historically faithful than watching this garbage film.  Just the fact that Victor 'Manure' is in this film says it all.Ignore this pathetic film and watch 'Spartacus', 'Barabas', or even the fantasized 'Gladiator' for some good Gladiatorial films.  As for Biblical films, 'Ben Hur', 'The Ten Commandments' or 'Quo Vadis' are films that are worth watching much more than this putrid Hollywood junk.
 Yeeouch! Think "I Spit on Your Grave" with a very good art director.  "Audition" for the Lolita set.  If you feel Kevin Bacon got off too easy in "The Woodsman," or you enjoy sitting through entire "Law and Order: SVU" marathons on TNT, this film has something for you.  Everyone else be advised to stay far, far away
 Why is this movie a classic? The plot line was nonexistent, and the characters were completely unlikeable.The implication that Annie Hall was a lesbian didn't make any sense! Woody Allen's character was completely freeky and there was not a single purpose for him being there. Come to think of it, THERE WAS NO PURPOSE FOR THIS MOVIE!!!!!! So save yourself and never watch this film
 "Over done" is the best way to describe this over-the-top attempt to view gang life from the eye of a "stolen" video camera. 
 Controversy courted the release of this film and people went to see it for the actual depictions of sex between the actors, thinking somehow it would be pornographic or titillating. But this film showed two desperate, middle-aged strangers (with all their flaws abundantly clear) meeting once a week for no-strings-attached encounters. The fact that the audience sees graphic moments adds only to the "desperate", tawdry, pathetic feel of their relationship. Naturally, one of the two of them becomes too curious and wants to know more about the other partner, one of the greatest pitfalls in the dangerous pursuit of anonymous encounters: sooner or later, anonymity is not good enough anymore.
 Believe Dooby's one(zero) star review. Not even worth a FREE rental. Not worth your precious time. You have been warned
 I bought this DVD based on the review of it on the DVD Drive in web site. Either the person who reviewed it has never seen an exploitation movie before, or was not old enough to view one in the first place. He made it sound like the most graphic and disturbing prison movie ever. You would have thought it compared to the 'Ilsa' movies the way this guy went on about it. I'm not sure what movie he saw, but it wasn't this one. When the most extreme scene in the movie involves a person being shot at falling over bloodlessly like an old western, you have to wonder why exactly it merited an "unrated" version.I guess it's worth it if you want to see naked women dancing around in a circle, but it you want to see a gritty violent movie, buy something else
 Ernest Borgnine would be spinning in his grave if he were dead.  There is absolutely nothing funny about this movie!  The actors should be embarrassed!  I could only stomach 25 minutes of viewing and it was about as funny as a viewing in a mortuary.  I can't believe I paid $9.99 for this DVD.  What a fool I was.  Learn from my mistake
 The reason the original "Iron Chef" was such an awesome show was entirely due to the bad translation and over the top voice acting.  Therefore, without these elements, it becomes a pathetic charade of the original program.  The reason the original "Iron Chef" was such an awesome show was entirely due to the bad translation and over the top voice acting.  Therefore, without these elements, it becomes a pathetic charade of the original program.  I was, at one time, a hardcore cult fan of "Iron Chef" because of the hilarious voice overs and true, foreign zest of Chairman Kaga and the gang.  I really didn't care much for the cooking or whatever food was being prepared.  The real heart of the show was the voiceovers and the mad, zesty zeal with which the Japanese chefs went over something as inane as cooking.  I loved "Iron Chef" in much the same way as I loved the original "Mystery Science Theater 3000."  They were both quirky tv cult shows that gave a certain sense of community among their hardcore fans.  I was, at one time, a hardcore cult fan of "Iron Chef" because of the hilarious voice overs and true, foreign zest of Chairman Kaga and the gang.  I really didn't care much for the cooking or whatever food was being prepared.  The real heart of the show was the voiceovers and the mad, zesty zeal with which the Japanese chefs went over something as inane as cooking.  I loved "Iron Chef" in much the same way as I loved the original "Mystery Science Theater 3000."  They were both quirky tv cult shows that gave a certain sense of community among their hardcore fans.  This new show really doesn't cut it in any way, shape, or form.  I'm not being unpatriotic or anything, I'm just saying why this new show is so weak.  Also, I noticed that once the translators of the original show started figuring out the show was a huge hit, they ruined their own voiceacting by being all self concious.  The original few seasons of the first "Iron Chef" are where it's at!  Once again, I don't watch this show for the cooking, I watch it for the odd, bizarre translations and cheesy voiceacting
 Do not confuse this with the Real thing. i found teh VHS of this for $1 at a store near me. I was interested so i got it. I watch Iron Chef on the Food Network evey night, and this dosent even begin to hold a candle to it! The one commentator is a failed comedian, and the other is a culinary half wit!I never heard more ussless facts in a 90min span b4 in my life. The chefs in the first baattle were, for lack of a better term dissrespectful, i mean come on how are you gonna have a cell phone on you and answer it During a Cooking battle?!? They kept cutting away from the cooking to show interview clips with the chefs. The Cooks were pretty good, they had a decent talent but we didnt get to see as much of it here as you do on the real show. There Flour reporter keeps bugging them thru out the whole thing, asking questionspassed down from the dumb announcer.They kept tryign to play shatner off as a culinary genius but come on we all know that he is nothing but a medeocore actor....out side of star trek or wat ever he was on. The only you see shatner is when he is talking about clearly prewritten statements that sound kinda incoherant lol. All in all i give this 2 stars, and that purely gose ot the merit of the chefs, not to the shows them selfs. Unless your a shatner Fanatic, or sone won thats just kinnda like "its cooking, I'll watch it" but be warned. Its not as good as it could be. Glad i only spen $1 on it bc its truely not worth more
