 Its a traditional serveware for serving the soup course The color of the tureen set allows it to be used with many of the dinnerwares &amp; the size is adequate to serve at least 8-10 people.The under plate is something  not found with usual tureen sets which gives it an elegant look but it appears a little overpriced
 I used metal muffin pans before, the muffins will never come out without the help of a knife, even the pan was sprayed. On the other side, I am very satisfied with the Kitchenaid product, becuase beautiful muffins come right out, when turn the pan unside down (need to apply cooking spray before baking). Yes, it did have some plastic smell during baking for the first couple times. After that, no smell at all. Yes, it did have some plastic smell during baking for the first couple times. After that, no smell at all. I chose not to pay $5 extra for the rack, still it works well with a cookie tray. I chose not to pay $5 extra for the rack, still it works well with a cookie tray. The only negative comment is the unerasble marks left by grease(oil/cooking spray) on the surface. I am not complaining about it, as it states clearly in the instructions, and it does not affect baking. The only negative comment is the unerasble marks left by grease(oil/cooking spray) on the surface. I am not complaining about it, as it states clearly in the instructions, and it does not affect baking. Overall, I am very satisfied with this product, and I will buy more for my new kitchen.
 I've had my Keurig for about two months now and absolutely love it.  It makes wonderful tasting coffee in 30 seconds or so.  It was well worth the extra money
 I ordered these just to make my $25.  I'm sure they are well worth the price I paid, would be ideal for a one/two person family.  I will use them for gifts
 This is the Best Blender I have ever used. It grinds Indian style batter real good. It grabs and churns the mixture quickly. I am using it for the past 5 months, and there has been no problems with it. The jar is plastic and easy to handle and clean.
 this is the best steam cleaner it really gets your carpets looking like new again and I was very surprised that it worked great on old stains as well. I love the attachments for the furniture as a pet owner the attachments and the cleaner work wonders. I especially like the turbo surge button this works for the high traffic areas and I have 2 dogs that like to roll around the carpet to itch there backs and these spots get dirter,so this feature works GREAT for cleaning the deep down areas, makes my carpet's look new again!This is also easy to use to fill the water and empty it too, I am VERY mechianically not smart but this is soooo easy to figure and and use it is a breeze! I LOVE MY  cleaner.
 How many men do you know who rave about irons? Let me tell you this iron is a great buy. Ironing has become a breeze with this product instead of a dreadful hassle. I iron my shirts every day before work and it shows. Ironing was never been my favorite pastitme but now I actually set up time in my day just to use this product! This iron makes every shirt look like i just picked it up from the dry cleaners with its easy to use steam function. You can't beat the price too
 They are very big, the spoons are very uncomfortable to use, they should have been smaller. and a better grip
 I have several of these pieces in various sizes and colors. I cook and serve in them all and they clean up beautifully. I highly recommend them
 I splurged and bought this product for my espressos in the morning. I bought the pint sized model for $35.00. (You use one charger each time you open the container up. So if you get the half pint size you will need to stock up on chargers.) I splurged and bought this product for my espressos in the morning. I bought the pint sized model for $35.00. (You use one charger each time you open the container up. So if you get the half pint size you will need to stock up on chargers.) I can't believe how long cream lasts in this thing. I had cream in it for almost two weeks and it was still fresh! I can't believe how long cream lasts in this thing. I had cream in it for almost two weeks and it was still fresh! The canned whip cream you buy in the store is too sweet for me, so I just put a little bit of Torino Caramel syrup in with the cream to flavor it. I use it when company comes over for coffee, pie, etc. Why didn't I buy one of these things sooner
 I got one of these as a x-mas gift a few years ago and love it!  It is especially wonderful around the holidays.  I like to make pies and it is great topping on all types of pies.  We also drink a lot of flavored coffee and hot chocolate in the winter (its pretty cold here at night) and love to top it off with the cream.  I'm not sure about the flavored syrups, but I just add some flavored coffee creamer (international delight or coffee mate) to the container and it makes it taste so good.  It is such a hit at holiday parties that I have to borrow my mom's to keep up with the demand.  It makes a great gift just be sure to get enough off the cartriage containers or you will run out
 I love this rice cooker! It replaced one I had for many years,and was sure I would never find another I liked as well.  I was wrong. This rice cooker is absolutely the best. It has replaced the broken one hands down. The rice is perfect every time whether you make 2 servings or serve a crowd, it keeps it warm without ruining it and it is so easy to clean and store.  I would recommend this one to anyone that really likes rice and prepares it often. 
 I had a Zojirushi NHS-10 and worked fine. I gave it to my sister-in-law...grin.I had a Zojirushi NHS-10 and worked fine. I gave it to my sister-in-law...grin.Latter I decided I wanted another cooker and just came upon this. It seemed to cheap. I ordered it from Amazon. This thing is a DEAL. We usually cook between 4-6 cups of rice at a time.  It makes perfect rice, if you use the cup at 180cc..Latter I decided I wanted another cooker and just came upon this. It seemed to cheap. I ordered it from Amazon. This thing is a DEAL. We usually cook between 4-6 cups of rice at a time.  It makes perfect rice, if you use the cup at 180cc..We have 5 kids and been using this 2-4 times a month for last two years.We have 5 kids and been using this 2-4 times a month for last two years.I like it most of all as it has limited options and cooks only rice. I like it most of all as it has limited options and cooks only rice. 
 This is a great saucepan!!! Lightweight, easy to clean, we love the straining lid! We got the red one. Totally worth buying! Thanx
 I have the Tucker burn guard commercial line, kitchenaid and various designer potholders and I've stopped using them all except these Oxo.  These are great for blocking the heat.  I have smallish female hands and I admit that these mits took some getting used to.  Once I got used to them (after the first or second use) I routinely reach for them.  Its to the point that I don't even have the other ones out anymore.  I am here looking to replace my original set of 3 (2 mits + 1 potholder) and I was surprised by the negative reviews.  So surprised in fact that I am writing this review.  I swear by them
 I must agree with everything that has been written previously.  This fan is sturdy, attractive, quiet and well-built with all the features one would want or need on a table-top fan.  And you can't beat the price. 
 I did a lot of research before purchasing a grinder and I'm glad I took the time to narrow it down to this one.  It has done a great job at a consistant grind, with minimal noise, and tons of grind settings.  Quality
 This is a durable sprayer, not a mister.  I went through 3 or 4 misters before finding the Hoffritz sprayers.  Mine are 3 years old and going strong.  The misters, including the expensive stainless steel one, simply do not last very long.  We use a LOT of olive oil and these sprayers have held up well.  They do require a good push.   And you get more olive oil than you would with a mister. 
 I don't know how anyone could think that the outlast material isn't working.  (..of course it has been significantly tested and proven that it works.)  At first its cool.  After about 5 minutes (depending on the person) outlast starts keeping an even temp..  Now that even temp. may not be as cool as you want - but it never gets much warmer than you are UNLIKE most every other pillow (..even buckwheat pillows which become hotter because of the fabric encasing the buckwheat).Now that even temp. may not be as cool as you want - but it never gets much warmer than you are UNLIKE most every other pillow (..even buckwheat pillows which become hotter because of the fabric encasing the buckwheat).The negatives are however:The negatives are however:1. The outlast material needs to be pretty close to your body to work - and it DOES have a distinctive texture that is a broad weave box pattern and is "stiff" (..though after a few washings it becomes considerably softer).  You might not like this textural feeling.1. The outlast material needs to be pretty close to your body to work - and it DOES have a distinctive texture that is a broad weave box pattern and is "stiff" (..though after a few washings it becomes considerably softer).  You might not like this textural feeling.2. Other than the outlast, the pillow is nothing special.  The support is poor like most pillows, the interesting thing here though is that you can remove the stuffing - and fill it with a material you find acceptable (..if you don't like the standard poly fill), but you will need to do some minor sewing on the seam you opened to remove and replace the filling
 Consumer Reports rated this a best pick toaster for the money, and we agree 100%. It toasts beautifully - just what it's supposed to do, right
 I got this rice cooker about 8 months ago, and I have probably used it once a week since then. It most certainly makes better rice than I could before (cooking in a pot on the stove), but the results are often inconsistent. I got this rice cooker about 8 months ago, and I have probably used it once a week since then. It most certainly makes better rice than I could before (cooking in a pot on the stove), but the results are often inconsistent. Sometimes the rice seems to get dried out and burns at the bottom. I think I need to up the liquid to rice ratio. It just occured to me after reading some other reviews that I may have been drastically overestimating the amount of rice to water because you are supposed to use that little cup that came with the cooker as "1 cup", not 1 real cup. :/ Sometimes the rice seems to get dried out and burns at the bottom. I think I need to up the liquid to rice ratio. It just occured to me after reading some other reviews that I may have been drastically overestimating the amount of rice to water because you are supposed to use that little cup that came with the cooker as "1 cup", not 1 real cup. :/ I use the steamer basket to steam shrimp all the time though, and it works fabulously
 I was suprized when I read the 1 review.I have had mine for 3 years and had no problems,it has been in the dishwasher,put away by my two kids.No cracks no chips,cleans up great
 I had heard that the shape of Riedel wine glasses enabled one to maximize the "nose" of a wine.   How very true!  I was amazed how much more of the wine's bouquet was immediately noticeable with these glasses.  And, they feel great in your hands.  I highly recommend them for wine enthusiasts
 I love the Rapid Ice Wine Coolers.  I give them for token gifts and use them frequently myself.  They are great for a spure of the moment glass of wine that needs chilling
 Great for frying eggs, but I prefer a pan with higher sides for omlets.  Every grilled sandwich I've made on this griddle has come out perfect.  My kids use it to make pancakes and they swear by it.  I've found that pre-heating the griddle in the oven first helps it heat more evenly and avoid the hot spots that can occur when cooking on a stove top.  The pre-seasoning works great
 Man what a great pancake and a grilled chesse skillet. It's the perfect size for pacakes. I'd give it 10 stars if i could. Love it.
 This pan is perfect.  Not too big, nor too small for a perfect soup. For the price, you can't get better.  This pan replaces my Farberware 6 quart, and overall, it isn't any bigger; just holds 2 quarts more.  Love it
 Found this item on the net when it was unavailable in stores for Christmas. Good deal for the money. Nothing beats marble when making home-made ravioli!(I dropped it on cement & it did chip, so be careful where you set it!) Use the cradle that comes with it
 I received the shipment very quickly despite not paying for the shipping.  I love the skillets.  They're very heavy duty and are a great addition to my Circulon cookware
 It's a very good cooker.I can save my cooking time.
 This is great.  I use it to grind flax seed.  It works well and is fairly easy to clean.  The cord winds up into itself, which is very nice, to keep it out of the way when storing it
 This pot is a great deal. I had it for a couple of weeks now and it has been great for cooking, nothing sticks to it and clean up is easy. I love the glass top for see what is in the pot and how it is cooking. Great pot for the money. I find this pot to be just as good as my non stick calphalon if not a little better and the price is lower then the calphalon
 It's excellent if you already have a good foodsaver.  They are thick and good quality bags. It works really well and does keep food fresh.  Only good for small and dry foods though, but they are reuseble to a certain point
 I received this set as a wedding present and have loved using it over the past 4 months. I cook several times a week, mostly for husband and myself, and sometimes for guests. This set has been perfect for my needs, and has performed very well. I follow the care directions (handwashing, no metal utensils) and the non-stick coating has done very well. I love the glass lids and the cushy handles.I received this set as a wedding present and have loved using it over the past 4 months. I cook several times a week, mostly for husband and myself, and sometimes for guests. This set has been perfect for my needs, and has performed very well. I follow the care directions (handwashing, no metal utensils) and the non-stick coating has done very well. I love the glass lids and the cushy handles.The set includes, as pictured, 1-, 2-, and 3-quart covered saucepans, 6-quart covered stockpot, and 8- and 10-inch French skillets. The skillets don't come with lids, but the two biggest pot lids work well. NOTE: The product descriptions mention an 11-inch saute pan; this is NOT in my set  and is not included according to product features listing or the picture shown. I did feel a need to buy a 12-inch skillet as the one addition to supplement this set.
 The feature's on this machine are what drew me to choose Krups Espresso Maker. The pump instead of the pressure machines was the first draw. The water tank and its size, not having to fill it every day. The fact that the frothing nozzle moved and the location of it. And nobody makes a frothier frother than Krups makes. I love the lattes and I use a large stainless steel milk steaming pitcher. You can make two cups at once. I use it daily and sometimes more than once a day! It makes a great espresso with beautiful crema. I have not had any problems with this machine.Clean after every use. I can't stress this enough and it only takes a minute to wipe the brew area. And do the internal cleaning with solution often or you will get the slow drips of espresso when brewing because of deposit build ups.  Follow cleaning instructions! I highly recommend this one! Enjoy
 My husband, (a Jaguar lover), calls this the "E-Type of Toasters"!  It is beautifully designed; requires minimal space and is 'simply' sophisticated.  To achieve the "perfect toast" using our old toaster required toasting a slice of bread three times, turning it twice, - now it's one single click.Kitchen appliances wouldn't be hidden away inside the cabinet if they were designed as elegantly as Braun's Impressions Toaster
 I love to have a dinner party with a cake in this case.  It's elegant and gets compliments from all.  I have found it to be sturdy enough, as mine came in one piece and is not broken or cracked.  This is a very nice case.  Cake looks even more tempting
 This is a wonderful appliance and at what a savings!  Mine arrived promptly and in "shipped from the manufacturer" condition.  This is such an improvement over my old waffle maker (no matter how much I greased it the waffles always stuck).This is a wonderful appliance and at what a savings!  Mine arrived promptly and in "shipped from the manufacturer" condition.  This is such an improvement over my old waffle maker (no matter how much I greased it the waffles always stuck).The first time I tried it was on my new son-in-law and I was eager to make a good impression.  A red light indicates the appliance is on and a green light tells you when it's ready to cook.  My first waffle came out beautifully and you-know-who ate it with great satisfaction and requested another.  Then I screwed up.  You see, if you don't follow directions and forget to rotate the waffle maker your waffle splits in half and can't be put back together again!  Third time I did it right.The first time I tried it was on my new son-in-law and I was eager to make a good impression.  A red light indicates the appliance is on and a green light tells you when it's ready to cook.  My first waffle came out beautifully and you-know-who ate it with great satisfaction and requested another.  Then I screwed up.  You see, if you don't follow directions and forget to rotate the waffle maker your waffle splits in half and can't be put back together again!  Third time I did it right.Waffle grids slide out easily for cleaning in the dishwasher.  Outside of stainless steel appliance my be cleaned with soap and water or glass cleaner if you prefer.  Handle folds down and therefore the appliance stores easily.Waffle grids slide out easily for cleaning in the dishwasher.  Outside of stainless steel appliance my be cleaned with soap and water or glass cleaner if you prefer.  Handle folds down and therefore the appliance stores easily.I was too busy to follow the gram instructions in the recipe booklet accompanying the waffle maker and too busy to beat egg whites separately.  So I used my tried and true pancake recipe which turned out great.  In the future I'll be more creative!I was too busy to follow the gram instructions in the recipe booklet accompanying the waffle maker and too busy to beat egg whites separately.  So I used my tried and true pancake recipe which turned out great.  In the future I'll be more creative!Highly recommended for waffle lovers
 This unit does everything it is designed to do.  Have used it several times now and the only question we have is, when do we change the oil? ..... we think it's kinda like your car, if it looks and smells bad .... dump it ... grin !
 At $20 and free shipping this is probably the best deal around for people on a buget. Realistly the retail value is not $80 it is around $40. The fabric is not all that soft however with a few washings it should be great. If the thead count bothers you like some other reviewers spend more money don't complain about it when it's plainly listed. An easy way to solve that problem if you are on a tight budget now is to buy it and then later buy a duvet to make the comforter softer. The only reason I deducted a star is because the bed ruffle is very flimsy. It feels like it would tear very easily. This is not a problem for me as I find them annoying but may bother some people. All in all I think it is a great deal
 the glass cover fits well. the heavy bottom distributes heat well. the ease of cleaning is wonderful. it's a great addition to our kitchen
 I just received this as a wedding gift and it is beautiful!  A great gift
 I love this product , the processor is small but enough for a home kitchen and it doesn't take up much space. It chops , shred , slice but the bad thing is sometimes when making sticky stuff, the stuff goes under the thing that holds the blade and its extremly hard to get out. The other bad thing is the plastic , everytime I use the processor the smell of what I'm making last in the plastic bowl and won't go away until I make something else. And I did clean it very hard. Overall I do Recommend this product to All
 I had the same wok for four of the five years that I lived in China.  It was made of the same type of carbon steel as this one.  When I came back to the USA last year, I looked all around for this kind of wok and was very happy to find it.I had the same wok for four of the five years that I lived in China.  It was made of the same type of carbon steel as this one.  When I came back to the USA last year, I looked all around for this kind of wok and was very happy to find it.My wife, a native of southwestern China, joined me in the USA this year.  She thoroughly approved of my choice.  And, boy, does she make the best stir fried vegetables in the world.My wife, a native of southwestern China, joined me in the USA this year.  She thoroughly approved of my choice.  And, boy, does she make the best stir fried vegetables in the world.True, it is heavy, but that is good news because now we have an electric stove and the thick steel helps distribute the heat well. (In China we had a gas stove with a huge flame.)True, it is heavy, but that is good news because now we have an electric stove and the thick steel helps distribute the heat well. (In China we had a gas stove with a huge flame.)I still don't understand all the rituals involved with "seasoning."  In China I was taught to scrub it hard after cooking with a stainless steel or brass scrubber in hot soapy water, then dry it very well before heating it just a little and rubbing it down with oil (we use a paper towel) on the inner surface.  Store it oiled!  Rarely have we had any sticking problems.I still don't understand all the rituals involved with "seasoning."  In China I was taught to scrub it hard after cooking with a stainless steel or brass scrubber in hot soapy water, then dry it very well before heating it just a little and rubbing it down with oil (we use a paper towel) on the inner surface.  Store it oiled!  Rarely have we had any sticking problems.A little scrubbing gets the rust right off if you forget to dry and oil, so don't panic!A little scrubbing gets the rust right off if you forget to dry and oil, so don't panic!This is a fairly priced (at around $25), good piece of equipment for cooking "real" Chinse food
 The Kitchen Aid hand mixer is actually more than I expected.  It is light weight, easy to use, and has attachments that other mixers don't usually have.  While it is more expensive than your average hand mixer, I definitely feel I got my money's worth.  I have other Kitchen Aid products and they last forever. I have never been disappointed in their performance. 
 I purchased this product because I have recently starting baking cookies and stirring cookie dough by hand left my arm and shoulder sore.  I know Kitchenmaid as a quality product name. Instead of the large mixer I opted for this handheld model because I don't have alot of counter top or space. I purchased this product because I have recently starting baking cookies and stirring cookie dough by hand left my arm and shoulder sore.  I know Kitchenmaid as a quality product name. Instead of the large mixer I opted for this handheld model because I don't have alot of counter top or space. It is light, easy hold and powerful enough for the toughest chocolate chip cookie dough.  I am happy with it. It is light, easy hold and powerful enough for the toughest chocolate chip cookie dough.  I am happy with it. I was also happy with the delivery of the product...it arrived within the week and was well package to prevent damage
 Great invention!   I drink mostly loose teas, gave up coffee some time ago.   Because of work and being "Mom", I spend a lot of time in my car.  I have tried several travel presses and most of them don't trap all of the leaves under the press, especially leaves that unroll as they steep.  This is the most practical travel mug that I've ever seen and the storage compartment is absolutely great for carrying extra loose tea for those all day meetings.  I ordered one for my desk and one for those long car trips
 I was thinking about a way to make coffee at work where there was no coffee machine easily accessable. I thought a french press would be a great idea, but all of them seemed to be made of glass and I didn't want to leave my press laying around where I work (we share space with other companies so people come and go). With this mug all I have to do is heat up some hot water in the microwave and throw it in with the coffee or tea (and maybe some sugar). Wait a bit, push down the press and drink. The whole mug is well made out of metal and high quality plastic and rubber. The bottom stores a cannister which holds enough coffee or tea for another cup or two and the seal is tight enough to keep it fresh. I was thinking about a way to make coffee at work where there was no coffee machine easily accessable. I thought a french press would be a great idea, but all of them seemed to be made of glass and I didn't want to leave my press laying around where I work (we share space with other companies so people come and go). With this mug all I have to do is heat up some hot water in the microwave and throw it in with the coffee or tea (and maybe some sugar). Wait a bit, push down the press and drink. The whole mug is well made out of metal and high quality plastic and rubber. The bottom stores a cannister which holds enough coffee or tea for another cup or two and the seal is tight enough to keep it fresh. I read another review of the mug somewhere and they complained about getting coffee grinds coming through. Well let me say this mug has a double filter, one on the plunger part of the press and one on the lid where you drink or pour from. Coffee used for french press preperation is supposed to be a coarse grind. I think that person tried using store bought ground coffee or just didn't know any better and put finely ground coffee in. The mug will do a pretty good job even with coffee like that, but some is bound to get through that way and you get a muddy cup besides the point so use coffee made for french press brewing not finely ground coffee and you will love this mug
 The effectiveness of this dutch oven lies in its design which served chuck wagons a century ago and campers today!  Cast Iron is ALWAYS a good value for the money and it's indestructable (I'm still using my mother's Lodge skillet that she got for a wedding gift in 1954). This dutch oven, designed specifically for the camp or fireplace cook, goes from the fire to the table with ease. It stews and bakes beautifully - get a dutch oven cookbook and learn how to make campfire biscuits as well as those stews and chilis! Also makes a fabulous wedding, shower, or housewarming gift. Forget expensive wedding registries - buy the bride a lodge dutch oven and skillet. She'll hand them down to the next generation. Every camper can use this and so can every backyard griller. Highly recommend!
 I have used a Brita filter water pitcher for many years, and I love it! The directions clearly state not to use hot water, and the filter snaps into place in order for the water to filter through properly. When my daughter visits, she says, &quot;I'd like a glass of Brita water!&quot; :
 I struggled through many pages of  product reviews and descriptions before I finally decided to purchase this particular brand.  Why?  Because I didn't have a clue on which brand was good or bad, many of the reviews for mushroom/egg slicers were mixed, so I took a stab in the dark, and came up a winner!!  This is a great product, stores easily, and works well.  The curve where you put the mushroom (or egg) is just the right size and is just a wonderful time saver!  I love it
 Honestly... I do not, for the likes of me, understand why anyone would give this cookware a bad review.  It appears that those who have, either can't read or didn't bother.Honestly... I do not, for the likes of me, understand why anyone would give this cookware a bad review.  It appears that those who have, either can't read or didn't bother.We have had our set of Calphalon Contemporary Nonstick for several months, and everyone in the family (mom, dad, two teenage sons) uses them.  We use and wash them as directed.  Also, we don't use any of the "Pam" type sprays.  So far they still look great and the foods cooked in them are delicious
 Love these measuring cups.  Easy to use and see measurements.  No more bending or guessing.  Worth the money
 Well constructed, good lid fit and solid handles. The cover handle gets very hot in use but this is to be expected as it is metal. The saucepan handle is quite narrow and if wet, or greasy, could be annoying to handle when draining the pan (although I have not had this problem with any of the pans in this range). All in all, I think this is excellent valu
 I have owned this skillet for 25 years and it's still going strong, even with constant use.  Still looks great, too.  It's a good size, easy to clean and useful for many purposes.  The aluminum core spreads the heat well.  This is a great value for the price
 This is a great device and has multiple settings to keep tasks on track.  Very full featured and easy to use
 I have bought this timer numerous times, and, after a few years, after it falls into a pot of soup or something, I go buy another. Reasons: a) the programmable timer which allows you to time several dishes simultaneously. b) Sturdiness. Its magnet does not stay glued to the back forever, but otherwise it's durable for an everyday electronic gadget - you should get several years of use out of it. c) It's one of the only timers I can find - and I look at big box stores, major discount stores, the supermarket, etc. - that allow you to time dishes longer than an hour or 99 minutes. This is important for pot roast, big chickens, turkeys, unusual dishes that simmer overnight, and so on. I have bought this timer numerous times, and, after a few years, after it falls into a pot of soup or something, I go buy another. Reasons: a) the programmable timer which allows you to time several dishes simultaneously. b) Sturdiness. Its magnet does not stay glued to the back forever, but otherwise it's durable for an everyday electronic gadget - you should get several years of use out of it. c) It's one of the only timers I can find - and I look at big box stores, major discount stores, the supermarket, etc. - that allow you to time dishes longer than an hour or 99 minutes. This is important for pot roast, big chickens, turkeys, unusual dishes that simmer overnight, and so on. I recently bought it at Amazon because the big box store where I used to get it, now only carries from Pyrex a much more complex version which you don't need for everyday cooking.   
 In my opinion this is the best kitchen timer out there!  In my opinion this is the best kitchen timer out there!  It has FOUR separate programmable digital timers that can count up and/or down - each with their own alarm sound.  It also has a regular clock setting.  Plus, you can either plop it on the fume hood using the magnet on the back of it, clip it to your apron using the clip or set it on the counter using it's support stand.  Oh, and did I mention how small it is?...just another nice feature! It has FOUR separate programmable digital timers that can count up and/or down - each with their own alarm sound.  It also has a regular clock setting.  Plus, you can either plop it on the fume hood using the magnet on the back of it, clip it to your apron using the clip or set it on the counter using it's support stand.  Oh, and did I mention how small it is?...just another nice feature! So yeah, no more having to set the oven timer, the microwave timer and my watch timer in order to keep track of all the various foods cooking at the same time.So yeah, no more having to set the oven timer, the microwave timer and my watch timer in order to keep track of all the various foods cooking at the same time.Not only do I use this timer in the kitchen constantly I also use it for numerous other things too.  It's the "Time Out" timer for the kids, a ten-minute reminder when I need to get us all out of the house...you name it!Not only do I use this timer in the kitchen constantly I also use it for numerous other things too.  It's the "Time Out" timer for the kids, a ten-minute reminder when I need to get us all out of the house...you name it!My Mother owns this same timer and is the one that originally introduced me to it, thank heavens!  I can't imagine running a kitchen without this hard to find item.  If you check out Bed, Bath & Beyond you'll see they don't have anything with FOUR programmable timers.My Mother owns this same timer and is the one that originally introduced me to it, thank heavens!  I can't imagine running a kitchen without this hard to find item.  If you check out Bed, Bath & Beyond you'll see they don't have anything with FOUR programmable timers.Long story short...if you purchase this timer I promise you will NOT be disappointed.Long story short...if you purchase this timer I promise you will NOT be disappointed.
 Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products. Le Creuset casts these cooking vessels from molten iron poured in sand moulds that are used only once. For this reason, one pot may look like another, but each is unique in its own way. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products. Le Creuset casts these cooking vessels from molten iron poured in sand moulds that are used only once. For this reason, one pot may look like another, but each is unique in its own way. Cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat efficiently. It is recommended that cooking with cast iron is done on low to medium heat. However, there are exceptions like boiling water where cooking on high heat is appropriate and okay. Remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly. This heat retention helps your food stay warm while serving. Beware; iron tends to be heavy so are these cooking vessels. Cast iron is a highly efficient material which absorbs and distributes heat efficiently. It is recommended that cooking with cast iron is done on low to medium heat. However, there are exceptions like boiling water where cooking on high heat is appropriate and okay. Remove cast iron from the heat and it does not cool off quickly. This heat retention helps your food stay warm while serving. Beware; iron tends to be heavy so are these cooking vessels. Cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel? Iron tends to rust; iron oxide (rust) doesn't add any complimentary flavors to your food. If your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled, you would have to season and maintain your cooking vessel. Adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good, but has multiple benefits. The enamel, being a solid coating, is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on, does not stain, absorb odors, retain flavors, and is easy to clean. The enamel can be damaged, so limit cooking tools to plastic or wood. Cast iron is an effective material for cooking so why cover it with enamel? Iron tends to rust; iron oxide (rust) doesn't add any complimentary flavors to your food. If your cast iron cooking vessel was not enameled, you would have to season and maintain your cooking vessel. Adding the porcelain enamel not only looks good, but has multiple benefits. The enamel, being a solid coating, is one of the most hygienic surfaces to cook on, does not stain, absorb odors, retain flavors, and is easy to clean. The enamel can be damaged, so limit cooking tools to plastic or wood. The benefits of cooking with Le Creuset cast iron are many, but lets get down to the buffet casserole specifically. The buffet casseroles are one of the most versatile pieces in the Le Creuset lineup.  Use this pan as a saut� pan, a roasting pan, for poaching, or as a shallow braiser.  The 3.5 quart capacity can is plenty of space when it comes to casseroles, so consider your recipes when determining the size you need. The buffet casserole tends to do best if at least three quarters full. Any less and you may overwhelm your food with the evenly dispersed heat in the pot. The benefits of cooking with Le Creuset cast iron are many, but lets get down to the buffet casserole specifically. The buffet casseroles are one of the most versatile pieces in the Le Creuset lineup.  Use this pan as a saut� pan, a roasting pan, for poaching, or as a shallow braiser.  The 3.5 quart capacity can is plenty of space when it comes to casseroles, so consider your recipes when determining the size you need. The buffet casserole tends to do best if at least three quarters full. Any less and you may overwhelm your food with the evenly dispersed heat in the pot. With a large flat bottom that curves up this pan resembles a curved sided saute pan the only thing missing would be a long handle. The tight fitting lid is mostly flat with curved sides. This lid seals in heat, moisture, and flavors and can be used to hold your meat while you are making a sauce from the drippings. Its shape and design makes this an extremely versatile pan. With a large flat bottom that curves up this pan resembles a curved sided saute pan the only thing missing would be a long handle. The tight fitting lid is mostly flat with curved sides. This lid seals in heat, moisture, and flavors and can be used to hold your meat while you are making a sauce from the drippings. Its shape and design makes this an extremely versatile pan. I tend to use this pot for basic dishes like smothered pork chops more than anything else. But once you get past the basic functionality that lends itself to recipes such as paella, frittatas, deep dish pizza, and casseroles, you can really open up the possibilities.  Keep in mind this is a 3.5 quart pan, feeding two out if it is ridiculous unless you want leftovers. It is probably the perfect size for a family of four in most cases.  Try baking pineapple upside down cake or bread pudding for when you need to please many guests, poaching fish, or Mac and Cheese. The possibilities almost seem endless. I tend to use this pot for basic dishes like smothered pork chops more than anything else. But once you get past the basic functionality that lends itself to recipes such as paella, frittatas, deep dish pizza, and casseroles, you can really open up the possibilities.  Keep in mind this is a 3.5 quart pan, feeding two out if it is ridiculous unless you want leftovers. It is probably the perfect size for a family of four in most cases.  Try baking pineapple upside down cake or bread pudding for when you need to please many guests, poaching fish, or Mac and Cheese. The possibilities almost seem endless. One feature that people tend to complain about is the cost. The cost does seem steep compared to other pans made from other materials. Heck, cast iron doesn't seem like it should be expensive when comparing to that old cast iron pan past generations have used for cornbread and camping. However the manufacturing process requires making a mould for each and every pan produced. They then go through the enameling process before shipping these heavy pans. If you take what goes into making and distributing these high quality cast iron products, the cost tends to make sense. Then consider that this pan will easily last a lifetime when taken care of.PROS: Extremely versatile Efficient absorption and distribution of heat Hygienic enamel cooking surface Does not stain, absorb odors, or retain flavors Easy to clean when not abused or misused Can be transferred from stove top to the oven to the table Can easily last a lifetime Can easily last a lifetime CONS: Its heavy, as cast iron tends to be weighing in at about 12.25 pounds
 I've owned this board for a year now.  Pros- light weight, you can use very sharp knives on and not get much indentation on the board, compact.  Cons- well it can be a con that it is light weight since if you are trying to cut a larger item it might shift, but honestly, if you just get a cutting board that is larger you'd have the perfect cutting board
 I am giving this 4 stars rather than 5 simply because I do not like the way this just pulls on and off. I've never purchased a shaker before though, but I would appreciate one the screws off and on so the top is certain to be on every time! Other than that..it's very sleek and the strainer in the top is a plus
 I have used this jigger several times a week since I got it back in November, and I think it's great.  I often make a second round with it.  It is difficult to remove the top with the jigger on, but otherwise it comes off fine as long as you open it up right after you make and pour a round of drinks
 This fry cutter is good if you have a small potato and want some fries...otherwise you will need to cut your potato first. Also, it takes a bit of effort to use
 This was a simple and easy to use product.  I didn't even have to read the directions on how to remove the blades.  The only downfall is that you can't use very big vegetables.  I use it to make home made french fries.  I had to cut the potato in order for it to fit in the cutter.  Aside from that it's a great product
 I had a Panasonic teflon coated iron before this.  I didn't have any idea how much easier ironing could be - teflon is way overrated!  Don't get me wrong, I still HATE ironing, but at least now its over a lot faster.  Plus, the iron is always at the right temperature for whatever I'm ironing, and its easy to fill with water.  The only thing I'd like is a retractable cord, but it isn't a real cause for complaint
 After reading a recommendation from Consumer Reports I was excited to see this iron for less that the suggested price.  In two days it arrived and I am very pleased with this iron.  Although it is a bit heavier than my old one, the results were great.  No tax?  No shipping?  No parking --- the best way to shop
 loved this grill, unfortunately we have only limited counter space otherwise I will put this grill permanently in the counter. My husband loves the burgers that I made from this grill. They lean and delicious!!!loved this grill, unfortunately we have only limited counter space otherwise I will put this grill permanently in the counter. My husband loves the burgers that I made from this grill. They lean and delicious!!!recommended it to anyone
 I really enjoy cooking with the combo grill/griddle, its saves a lot of time on breakfast, lunches and dinners you get more meals at one tim
 If you are looking for a nice, inexpensive set of knives, look no further.  This set is very sharp, cuts well and fits into your hand nicely.  They have great balance and apperance.  The box is a little cheap feeling and looking, but allows for a great storage within a drawer or cabinet. 
 I bought my Vacu Vin set about 4 years ago and it's still working perfectly.  It's so easy to use and it does preserve the wine flavor for at least a few days.  We no longer have to finish a whole bottle in one sitting or risk a spoiled wine.  I've recommended it to a few of my friends and they all say they can't live without it now.I bought my Vacu Vin set about 4 years ago and it's still working perfectly.  It's so easy to use and it does preserve the wine flavor for at least a few days.  We no longer have to finish a whole bottle in one sitting or risk a spoiled wine.  I've recommended it to a few of my friends and they all say they can't live without it now.Few things of note:Few things of note:* Even with Vacu Vin, the wine will start to change flavor if kept over a week.* Even with Vacu Vin, the wine will start to change flavor if kept over a week.* You do need to pump a lot more than the instruction indicates.  Keep pumping until you feel a strong resistance.* You do need to pump a lot more than the instruction indicates.  Keep pumping until you feel a strong resistance.* Vacu Vin cannot be used for wines with fizz (such as Vino Verde, Champagne, etc).  The reduced pressure will suck the gas out of the wine and make it flat very quickly.* Vacu Vin cannot be used for wines with fizz (such as Vino Verde, Champagne, etc).  The reduced pressure will suck the gas out of the wine and make it flat very quickly.* It's better to keep the bottle upright so there's no pressure on the rubber stopper (It does not need to stay moist like a cork).* It's better to keep the bottle upright so there's no pressure on the rubber stopper (It does not need to stay moist like a cork).Its purpose is to keep a leftover wine until you finish it, and it does that quite well
 product works as described, keeping red and white wines for longer than their normal corked shelf life.  case could be a bit more substantial with a higher cosmetic appeal
 I have to say, I have been needing a meat pounder for a long time and this one is great.  I used it on chicken and it did a great job with very little effort on my part.  Plus is was very easy to clean, just some soap and water.  I am very pleased with this item
 I just moved into my new place and I wanted a new set of dishes that were simple but unique and this set was perfect.  Just like past reviews have stated, these pieces are a perfect size.  The bowls are awesome cereal bowls, the dinner plates are large, the salad plates are perfect for salad or a sandwich w/ chips and the coffee cups are used every morning for my cup of joe.  I bought a second set to make sure I had plenty for when friends came over for dinner.  Speaking of friends over for dinner, on the two occasions that I have had friends over for dinner since I bought the set, people always compliment the pieces.  I am very happy with my purchase
 I cant say enough about this set.  The cups are the perfect hot beverage size.  The dinner plates are big enough for any meal and I love the square shape.  They are versitle and fit any style.  They also fit perfectly in the dishwasher and they set straight up and do not fall over so I never need to re-wash.  The salad plates are big enough for salads, desserts, appetizers or condiments.  Bowls are great too
 Makes the best long grain brown rice that I've ever tasted.  Only wish that Zojirushi made a 5 cup version of the Induction rice cooker
 I love this little fan.  It's perfect for cooling one person.  I have it on my nite table and use it every night.  Amazingly quiet and soothing air.
 After reading the reviews, I decided to try these, since I wasn't too thrilled with either the cost or quality of the senseo pods. After getting my three sets in the mail, I went to my grocery store, bought the Starbucks Sumatra whole beans, ground them to expresso grind, and went to try the ecopads. I followed the instructions, put the ecopad in the machine (perfect fit), hit the 8oz button, and wa - la! I would challenge anyone to tell the difference between the stuff you pay $3.50 a cup for at Starbucks. I'm definately hooked. I can't see how other reviewers have had problems with these. They are easy to fill, and fit perfectly in the machine. They are a bit messy to clean up, but its a fair trade off for the awesome coffee and the cost savings over the pods or actually going to starbucks. I would estimate I will get 50-60 cups out of a $6 store bought bag of coffee. Basically, one heaping teaspoon fills up the ecopad perfectly. Also I would estimate getting hundreds of uses out of each ecopad - they seem very durable. I am looking forward to trying different coffee's with these. Well worth the tiny investment
 I love to cook, and own several different brands of cookware, All Clad, Cuisinart, and Calaphone.  This sauce pan didn't disappoint me.  I love it!!  The pan has a wider bottom than most 2 or 2 1/2 quart pans.  This is great if you need to saute onions or peppers at the beginning of a sauce, or if you need a little extra room to stir something.  I am very, very happy with this
 Bought this set at a reasonable price of $19.99 and have liked them so much that I will be buying some more! Great set for the price, can't go wrong with them
 It's just the right size for sauteing veggies and meat for one.  Cooks evenly and requires little cleanup.  The preseasoning takes the guesswork out of initially readying castiron cookware for use.  Lodge Pro-Logic properly packaged and sent my merchandise in record time. I would definitly buy from them again and recommend them to my friends
 The attachments that are available for KitchenAid mixers are worth their weight in gold. This is the most recent attachment I've purchased for my mixer. I can't tell you how much time was saved when making apple butter and apple relish for the holiday season. This time of year, saving time is a good thing when there doesn't seem to be enough time for everything on your LISTS!!! Happy Holidays
 I have had my grill for a week, we've cooked lean steaks on it, pork chops, and the other night we cooked hamburgers on it.  This is my first indoor grill so when one review mentioned the "George Foreman" grill was a bit faster, I was amazed I thought the Delonghi cooked pretty fast!!  Clean up was really easy and one MUST remember to preheat it.  I gather some have not.  And as to smoking I haven't had any but then I buy lean meats and put water in the bottom if I think the food will drip a lot of fat.  Fat dripping into the large tray in the bottom is what burns and causes the smoke.  I've only used water once, with the hamburgers (no smoking).  This really is a great grill and large enough to be more than satisfying (actual cooking space is 15"x11").  Ease and comfort of use is amazing.  I highly recommend it!
 I got this pan for making cheesecakes in a 5 quart round crock pot.  (There are recipes for these on southernfood.about.com in the crock pot section.)  This a good pan for this type of recipe!  It's an unusual size, more than mini but less than full size.  It's a great size for one or two people.  (Standard recipes and pan sizes always make waaaaay too much for the small household.) I got this pan for making cheesecakes in a 5 quart round crock pot.  (There are recipes for these on southernfood.about.com in the crock pot section.)  This a good pan for this type of recipe!  It's an unusual size, more than mini but less than full size.  It's a great size for one or two people.  (Standard recipes and pan sizes always make waaaaay too much for the small household.) I generally like Kaiser products.  Very good German engineered quality!  The BMW of bakeware.  No leaks, excellent materials, spring is excellent.  I had some other springform pans that were useless and they went into the trash.  Not so Kaiser.  Kaiser pans are keepers!  They are worth the little bit of extra money compared to other brands.I generally like Kaiser products.  Very good German engineered quality!  The BMW of bakeware.  No leaks, excellent materials, spring is excellent.  I had some other springform pans that were useless and they went into the trash.  Not so Kaiser.  Kaiser pans are keepers!  They are worth the little bit of extra money compared to other brands.America's Test Kitchen/Cook's Illustrated also endorses Kaiser as the best springform pan choice...and they really know how to evaluate and test equipment and cookware
 I just finished washing this pan, which I choose to use at an increasing rate. It washes up with ease, who needs non stick? Looks beautiful, more importantly, I love cooking in it. Perfect size! The only problem is, I won't let the men in the household use it, hmmm
 I purchased a custom collection of Calphalon tri ply pieces in the past six months, starting with smaller pans and working my way up. I am so IN LOVE with them.  This everyday pan is a workhorse and you simply cannot beat the ease of cleaning.  Once you get used to it, cleaning the stainless (versus nonstick) is just as easy - and better because it is dishwasher safe.  Stainless versus nonstick is now my preference virtually all of the time.  For skillet chicken, this is the absolute best you can do for a perfectly browned end result.  I have one piece of All-Clad and I can tell you honestly that I PREFER the Calphalon tri ply to it - though ALL Clad is definitely exceptional.  You will not regret this purchase. 
 We bought this Cuisinart coffee maker after reading the reviews of every single thermal carafe/10-12cup coffee maker out there (our previous Krupps had stopped working, and the current Krupps model got bad reviews).We have been completely happy with this Cuisinart thermal one - great coffee, easy to use, very hot - no complaints at all
 The product I received was faulty so irobot sent me another one.  Robots are great but I you need to make sure they work right before the warranty is over
 This is faster and safer than using a knife, with perfect results every time. Our favorite gadget this summer
 This toaster is definetly well worth the price. It is sturdy, compact and full of features. And the best of all! It doesn't burn the toast! Very happy with it and the $10.00 less price than at Macy's!
 I bought this grinder for flax seed and it works wonderfully. What I love most is that after you grind what you need you can place the tight sealing lid that comes with it on and put in right into the fridge. Nice look, great function and very clean machine.
 I purchased the Cuisinart grinder from Amazon based upon customer reviews just over two years ago after trying two cheaper $20-ish models picked up at local discount stores.  Motors on one of the cheaper grinders locked up in short order; the second lasted longer but the blades rusted after only 2-3 months in a storage building. The motor on the Cuisinart is still going strong, but I had to trash it today.  I have to admit that the blades did seem to be a bit duller after grinding enough beans to make 1-3 pots of coffee per day for two years straight,  but that's to be expected with a blade grinder.  The on/off button broke about 2 months ago; then, last week, the blade housing wore out and broke off while grinding my favorite John Conti beans.  Others have stated that this grinder is less messy than some of the other models, but grinding coffee is a messy undertaking and a necessary evil to get the freshest coffee!  If I don't try a higher quality burr grinder, I may get another one of these! 
 I purchased this French press for my husband several weeks ago and I love it. Happy with the regular coffee maker, I had little interest in the item until I saw it in action for the first time. It's so easy to use and the flavor of the coffee is much smoother. It's also beautiful. I purchased two matching cups at the same time and they remind me of Russian tea glasses---a collecting favorite of mine. I highly recommend this all-around good buy
 This is a decent unit.  For those who don't take the time to read or can't understand what they read the product listing states the scoop included is for a 4 ounce cup(4 x 4 is 16).  The usual sold in the US coffeemaker is a 4-6 ounces per cup capacity.  Coffee instructions say usually measures are for a 6 ounce cup.  A cup is not what you use or the standard liquid 8 ounce cup.  Most advertised 10 and 12 cup coffeemakers hold the same total amount in the carafe. The manufacturer calcultaes what will sell.  This has been going on since I bought my first coffeemaker 30 years ago. Caveat emptor! 
 The Model 40053 is a good effort, but misses the mark compared to the now-discontinued West Bend Model 40032 Triple Timer, sold in the 1980s and 1990s.  I don't need a real-time clock, nor a stopwatch in a kitchen timer, because they just complicate the device.The Model 40053 is a good effort, but misses the mark compared to the now-discontinued West Bend Model 40032 Triple Timer, sold in the 1980s and 1990s.  I don't need a real-time clock, nor a stopwatch in a kitchen timer, because they just complicate the device.* Water resistance;* distinctive alarms for each channel;* superbright blinking LED secondary alarm indicator for loud environments;* blinking LCD indicator for each active timing channel;* shirt pocket size, countertop stability;* single-hand programmability, and* memory recall for easy repeat timing* memory recall for easy repeat timing-- that's what I'd like to see in an improved version of the 40032.  Perhaps customer pressure can get West Bend to bring something like that to the market
 Target sells this same item for less than $5.00 32oz. bottle. It pays to shop around!
 I use this pan alot. It makes great grilled sandwiches, pancakes and french toast. It is also easy to clean and stor
 I've owned electric skillets before and it was always so difficult to clean up that we put them away and only pulled them out for big occasions.  We bought this skillet a month ago and use it several times a week.  We haven't had any problems with it at all, and we love the way you can pull the pan off for easy clean up
 The vacuvin wine chiller works as advertised and is a realy wine lover's aid when white wiine is desired but the bottle is not chilled.  Using the vacuvin wine cooler within 5-10 minutes the wine is properly chilled.  
 I didn't have a bundt pan, and I found this one when I went in search of one.  I'm so glad!!!  I've only had it a week, but have used it 4 times!!  Has a very unique shape
 I love this steamer because it fits in All Clad sauce pans from 2 to 4 quarts.  The other version with the long handle doesn't fit the 2-quart.I love this steamer because it fits in All Clad sauce pans from 2 to 4 quarts.  The other version with the long handle doesn't fit the 2-quart.Works beautifully.  Easy to care for (dishwasher safe). 
 If you love to prepare food, these measuring cups are for you. They are very well made and are fairly heavy. No cheap metal here. They feel good in your hand. If cooking is as much of an art as a necessity to you, these  will make an excellent addition to your kitchen
 This maker is the better of the two pod coffee machines I had. It is easy to make your own pods that work very well and you have much better coffee due to fresh grind. My problem was that the part that catches when you close the lid broke. It probably was mostly my fault but it is made of plastic unlike the metal one on the other pod maker I have. That is why the other one still works and the Juan Valdez is broken. IF you are careful not to overfill your homemade pods you'd probably never have a problem with it. Just be careful in closing it and don't force it
 I got this for Christmas over a year ago, and it still works great!  I use it most every morning.  The coffee quality isn't as good as my drip maker - no pod coffee maker can ever measure up to a drip maker - but it's very easy to brew just one cup and with no cleanup (except to remove the used pod!).I got this for Christmas over a year ago, and it still works great!  I use it most every morning.  The coffee quality isn't as good as my drip maker - no pod coffee maker can ever measure up to a drip maker - but it's very easy to brew just one cup and with no cleanup (except to remove the used pod!).I agree with the other reviewer that the Juan Valdez coffee pods come in excessive packaging (individually wrapped pods inside a cardboard box), plus my grocery store doesn't carry them.  Any brand pod can be used with this coffee maker.  I use whatever's cheapest, usually the Senseo Douwe Egberts.  I buy either the dark roast or the vanilla flavored.  I prefer strong coffee, but even the dark roast pods aren't strong enough for me.I agree with the other reviewer that the Juan Valdez coffee pods come in excessive packaging (individually wrapped pods inside a cardboard box), plus my grocery store doesn't carry them.  Any brand pod can be used with this coffee maker.  I use whatever's cheapest, usually the Senseo Douwe Egberts.  I buy either the dark roast or the vanilla flavored.  I prefer strong coffee, but even the dark roast pods aren't strong enough for me.I wish I had the black-colored machine because the white shows every single coffee stain
 When all you're having is a big bowl of chunky soup for lunch or oatmeal for breakfast, this bowl goes great in the microwave and on to the sofa with you.When all you're having is a big bowl of chunky soup for lunch or oatmeal for breakfast, this bowl goes great in the microwave and on to the sofa with you.So many times one has to be careful microwaving a hearty portion of soup or oatmeal in a regular-sized bowl, because it will boil over.  How much fun is that to clean up your microwave carousel before you can eat?  So many times one has to be careful microwaving a hearty portion of soup or oatmeal in a regular-sized bowl, because it will boil over.  How much fun is that to clean up your microwave carousel before you can eat?  But this bowl is big enough to handle the bubbling.  Just take a kitchen towel under it against the heat and you will be cozy in your terrycloth robe on the couch for some nice potato-ing
 I've used my pan twice before reviewing. The first time was corn muffins and they came out really well. They muffins popped out with ease.I've used my pan twice before reviewing. The first time was corn muffins and they came out really well. They muffins popped out with ease.The second time I made lemon cupcake with white chocolate chips, and it was harder. The pan was hard to transport to the oven full of batter. Halfway through baking, the batter drips onto the oven floor, causing me to put a muffin tin under the pan. When baked and cooled, the cupcakes broke while popping out
 I dont think it was as bad as the reviews imply.  I've had mine about 6 months now and it still works fine, the only complaint I have is about the settings as one person said it can be the exact same on both sides and yet one side will "burn" and one be "underdone".  I just adjusted these and turned them so they both cook whatever I'm making right, even though it is off by one number compared to the other side.  So thats a fluke for sure which would make it worth buying one without any problems, but frankly I've yet to find such a toaster.  Other then that I've had no problems with this one, I love the look and style of it as well it is so cute and practical other then the above problem.  I would recommend this toaster but as I got it as a gift I probably wouldnt spend the $50 but would gladly pay $30 for it.  I dont think you can really find a better toaster I've done the cheap kmart specials and frankly those dont last as long as this has without much worse problems or burning. 
 I researched many roaster pans before I settled on this and am I glad I did. It offers a truly stovetop worthy construction, no bending or warping, a great v rack, and superb heat distribution. The handles are comfortable and the pan fits perfectly in the oven. Compared to the AllClad, it is less expensive and better performance. A well thought out pan
 I love the way cast iron cooks.  Not to mention it is so nice to spend less on something that lasts longer and is easier to clean up!I love the way cast iron cooks.  Not to mention it is so nice to spend less on something that lasts longer and is easier to clean up!I do have problems lifting things sometimes, but this is about the same amount of work as the non-stick pans that I used to have, although slightly heavier, the handles are ergonomic and the loop on the other side of the handle compensates by making a balanced lifting motion easier.
 Lisa S from Ohio complains that the knives rust very easily and that this is a buyer-beware item.  This is not a buyer beware item. This is an item that requires some knowledge about use and care of carbon steel knives. Carbon steel is an alloy which allows one to hone a very keen edge and it is used for very fine cutting tools in general. It does rust very easily and should always be dried after washing, and even wiped with a little olive oil. These knives cannot be left sitting in dishwater, and they should never be run through a dishwasher. If you want to throw your kitchen knives into a dishwasher, buy cheap stainless steel ones
 I have recived serveral comments on how good these knifes look. I am in fact very pleased with the way they look, but even more important is how well they perform. They cut wonderfully (for me at least, but I'm used to cheapy knifes). Yes they will in fact rust, although I haven't had this problem with my set (had them for about four months now) because I only handwash them and dry them immediately.  One steak knife found it's way into the dishwasher and sure enough it came out with a little rust spot, this was easily removed with a little steel wool.  You just have to weight the benefits of the all metal knifes to those that are wood handled or plastic
 This little fan does just what I need it for. A bit of air blown right at me sometimes while sitting at my desk. It clips on very well. I even tried it on a 1/2 inch overhang and it stayed on. I would reccomend 3/4 inch if you want to use high setting and oscillation. That oscillation is of no account by the way as the fan just is not that powerful. My reason for no 5 stars is the vibration. There is too much especially on high speed. This could have been solved with more and better padding on the clip. It doesn't bother me but might others. The cord is coiled nicely to stay out of the way but has a good stretch. I needed to reverse the blow direction of the fan. This was easily accomplished by removing and replacing only one bolt.All in all very good for my uses. If you need just a bit of air in a tight space this one's for you
 I love all my calphalon pots, pans, and bakeware.  Best set I have every owned or used.  Even heat, easy clean up, I have never made reductions as easily as I have in these pots & pans.I love all my calphalon pots, pans, and bakeware.  Best set I have every owned or used.  Even heat, easy clean up, I have never made reductions as easily as I have in these pots & pans.The fact that you can get these on special with great pricing puts it over the top.  I paid $26.57 for this after discounts and free shipping
 This a a great pot...plenty big, and excellent quality.  My friend bought one too, as I liked it so much
 These work great to get that extra out of the bowls. I am very particular about my spatulas. I love Pampered Chef items, but do not care for their spatulas. They do not seem to slide very well. The MIU ones slide easily on all surfaces
 I bought this hand blender for making split pea soup.  Using the hand blender made the soup so much creamier.  My husband has Diabetes 2 and he loves his sweets.  I make him the instant, no sugar, no fat pudding and by using the hand blender it becomes very creamy and so much more palatable.  So far the blender is working just great
 It lives up to the Kitchen Aid name. It chops, it slices and purees.. you name it. I've made everything in there from dough to sauces and it has been amazing.
 This knife has a lot to offer as far as I'm concerned.This knife has a lot to offer as far as I'm concerned.I'm not looking for a highlife line of knives...because I have a family--all of which do not respect special care of important knives.I'm not looking for a highlife line of knives...because I have a family--all of which do not respect special care of important knives.I want a knife that cuts well..thats sturdy...and can take some abuse like being in water or not being  cleaned right away.I want a knife that cuts well..thats sturdy...and can take some abuse like being in water or not being  cleaned right away.I do not buy wood handles anymore either...because too  many times the knife goes in the water or is not cleaned promptly. I also want one that will stay sanitary...or can be sanitized.I do not buy wood handles anymore either...because too  many times the knife goes in the water or is not cleaned promptly. I also want one that will stay sanitary...or can be sanitized.This santuko by Cuisinart fits the bill for me. The weight is excellent for me...I have a large hand for a woman...and some health issues for which I prefere a lighter handling knife that cuts without a lot of pressure...and will not make my wrist ache when used .This santuko by Cuisinart fits the bill for me. The weight is excellent for me...I have a large hand for a woman...and some health issues for which I prefere a lighter handling knife that cuts without a lot of pressure...and will not make my wrist ache when used .Cuts like a dream through all the fruits and veggies  I tried it on.Cuts like a dream through all the fruits and veggies  I tried it on.Washed up  easy and quick...dried quick too.Washed up  easy and quick...dried quick too.I paid only a little bitty amount for this very  big hearted knife.I paid only a little bitty amount for this very  big hearted knife.I recommend it for all real cooks out there... that also have family using your stuff
 This is a pretty good timer with two timing capability, but the only complaint I have with it is that you have to push a minimum of four different buttons just to stop the timer and get it to stop the led screen from flashing.  However, it has very nifty features and the sound of the timer is not too irritating.  Also, the five minute warning is very useful
 Yes, It is Just A Ladle, But A VERY HANDY ONE INDEED!!!!! I find myself using this ladle just about everyday, than in the dishwasher and on to tomorrows pot.  It is a great quality tool that I am sure to use a lifetime..
 Ok, cmon now.  It's a ladle and works well.  I own the extire oxo steel line and am pleased with all the products under this line.  They all perform their function well and with style.  And they are also very comfortable to use thanks to the famous oxo nonslip rubber handle/fins
 I adore this flatware! The weight, the clean lines, and beautiful shape! However, it only gets 4 stars because the knives develop rust spots when put in the dishwasher. To prevent rusting, I have to hand wash them. Admittedly, it's inconvenient and not something everyone wants to do. The spoons and forks seem to do just fine in the dishwasher so I don't know what's wrong with the knives. I'm assuming they're made differently. Gourmet Settings, the manufacturer, does have a warranty on the flatware so if you buy this set you may want to, or have to, make use of this
 I've had my set for about a year a half.  I haven't had one speck of rust - I wonder if they had a bad batch at some point??  I would definately take them back.  I can see how they'd be too big/heavy for kids - but for adults they're great.  Fit the contours of your mouth very nicely.  I use mine with Fiestaware and they look great together
 I bought this for all sorts of uses in the kitchen and am very happy with the quality of the product. Kitchenaid consistently produces quality products. I use it when making bread to scrape it off the board to prevent sticking, for dividing the dough for rolls and loaves. Overall I'm very pleased with it
 I absolutely love this cutting board.  It works well with most knives (don't use the serrated knives with tiny teeth).  The board is very forgiving with repeated cutting.  They are very heavy and very attractive.  The only complaint I have is the paper packaging stuck to the board.  I've bought 3 of these and I couldn't get all of the "glue" off any of the boards.  I eventually just put the oil on the boards to protect them and that somehow helped get most of the sticky residue off.  MIU France really needs to use something that will not permanently stick to the boards.  I'd give it a 5 star if the sticky residue and paper came off easily
 This is a beautiful piece of glassware that adds a touch of class to any table. However...and this is a significant however...a good decanter should be as broad as possible at the level at which a full bottle of wine will fill it. The idea is to have as large an air-to-wine interface as possible, so as to let as much wine as possible &quot;breathe&quot;. This of course is not terribly important for whites and better reds, but younger red wines benefit considerably from being decanted for an hour before they are drunk. Therefore, I suggest this decanter be reserved for whites and reds that are &quot;ready&quot;
 Three months after a purchase and I still haven't seen it
 I could definitely tell a difference in the taste of my water, and hopefully that means it's chlorine free, but I haven't had it tested. However, it must be doing its job because the filter itself only lasts about a month! I think that its life span just depends on how bad your water is. It works better that my old Brita filter, which I could tell wasn't working because my water still smelled like chlorine with that one. That being said, I would buy the PUR pitcher over again if given the choice
 This new pitcher is a an ideal size for smaller fridge plus not very heavy when full.  Water tastes great
 I have never owned a crock pot before, so I was a little apprehensive.  I did a lot of research and finally settled on this item because of size, price and shape of the unit.  I am extremely happy with the product.  It is perferct for a first time user - not too complicated, but has eveything you need to make the most basic or more complicated recepies.  It did not smell at all on first use (many pots have that reputation).  It is very attractive and fits nicely on my countertop.  The inner ceremic part is very sturdy and cleans up very easily.  I do recommend for first-time users that you purchase one good cookbook (many are carried on Amazon).  I purchased several, and my favorite so far is "The Gormet Slow Cooker"  I have tried several recepies and they were all perfect.  I am converted to crock-pot cooking!!
 My slow cooker works perfectly and looks great too. The little dipper that came with it has proven to be a very nice bonus. I had not expected to use the little dipper but really enjoy hot sauces
 These were not from the pattern I have, but matched perfectly to my pattern which has been retired (Italian Vine) - but they are very large...which is okay if that is what you want.  I do love them and they are fine quality
 i was looking for a non non-stick surface griddle to cook pancakes on and i got so much more.  my husband and i are concerned about the effects of dupont coatings on our children's long term health (he is a doctor) so i have been searching for a stainless griddle for ages. finally, i happened upon cast iron as an option.  i never really understood the benefits of cast iron and it seemed so high maintenance -- all the seasoning involved.  i was also reluctant to use it because you are not supposed to really scrub it clean which goes against my personality.  plus, where would i store my seasoned not so clean griddle when i was not using it.  well, the thing is ... when am i not using it? (and when i am not i store it in my oven)  i use it almost every day.  the grill side works great for bacon, salmon, hamburgers, chicken--anything when i don't feel like firing up the grill.  so far everything turns out perfect, not too dry.  the griddle side is great for pancakes and eggs and truly non-stick without the chemicals of a coating to worry about.  The bottom line is...I love this product more than any other kitchen item since my kitchen aid mixer (another love of mine).  i plan to buy more as gifts for all my family and friends with gas stoves (I am not sure how well it works with electric eyes).  truly a kitchen basic.  if you are thinking of getting one, you should
 This is the perfect size food processor and blender for the home cook.  I like to use it to make homemade basil pesto, hummus, smoothies and shakes.  Its pretty powerful, good quality for the price, and doesn't take up too much space in the kitchen
 Got this as part of a wedding gift and couldn't believe how strong and sturdy this is.  I imagined if it fell out of the window of my kitchen into the street from the 2nd floor that it'd have a tiny scratch.  It's a fine container, nice looking, and I'm glad I got it
 Good for the price, I wish it didnt get crumbled...and was wrinklefree
 The cuisinart griddler has proved to be a very handy appliance in my kitchen. It's various heat settings which are accurate is very helpful in perfect results for various tasks.  We have become addicted to panini!  They come out perfectly.  Steaks are done to perfection! I have not used the griddle as much, but when I have the results are great. 
 I suspected that a daylight spectrum lamp might be a complete hoax.  I work in an interior office with no view of natural light.  That's 8-10 hours a day in a room with flourescent lighting!I suspected that a daylight spectrum lamp might be a complete hoax.  I work in an interior office with no view of natural light.  That's 8-10 hours a day in a room with flourescent lighting!When I would come in, I would feel foggy and depressed and unmotivated.  When I would leave, I would feel blinded by the light outside and out of sorts.When I would come in, I would feel foggy and depressed and unmotivated.  When I would leave, I would feel blinded by the light outside and out of sorts.So I bought this lamp on a whim from a Sharper Image Store.  It comes with a brushed steel lampshade, but the store also gave me a white translucent vinyl shade which is what I wound up using.  The light is softly diffused around my workspace.  I can increase or decrease the intensity of the light using the dimmer dial.  And honestly, whether it's psychological or whatever, I feel SO much better since I plugged this thing in!  I am perky, motivated and when I walk outside, I don't feel shocked anymore.So I bought this lamp on a whim from a Sharper Image Store.  It comes with a brushed steel lampshade, but the store also gave me a white translucent vinyl shade which is what I wound up using.  The light is softly diffused around my workspace.  I can increase or decrease the intensity of the light using the dimmer dial.  And honestly, whether it's psychological or whatever, I feel SO much better since I plugged this thing in!  I am perky, motivated and when I walk outside, I don't feel shocked anymore.I would recommend this lamp to anyone who works lengthy hours indoors without natural light.  Employers, BUY THIS FOR YOUR EMPLOYEES-IT'S A GODSEND AND IT LOOKS COOL TOO
 Twenty bucks for three name brand skillets is a great price.  They are not part of Farberware's higher end line (obviously from the price.  any educated consumer will recognize and admit this.)  The bottom line is that they do what they're supposed to do.  We are replacing a very heavy Revereware Non-stick pan my wife bought 1.5 years ago.  The teflon wa flaking off.  She had paid $45 for it.  we decided that most of the supermarket non-stick frying pans we've had over the years lasted 1-2 years and they were usually $13-20.  This Farberware set is a great value
 I have owned my fair share of indoor grills, from a Foreman grill to a really heavy grill pan which I ordered through Amazon. Not too long ago I recently acquired the Calphalon grill pan because my Foreman grill is too small if I want to cook a piece of meat and some vegetables at the same time. Plus the black coating on my Foreman grill is wearing out. So I bought the Calphalon grill pan when it was on sale at a local department store. I haven't been able to get enough of it. It is so easy to clean even when I had cooked a piece of meat that was marinated in Italian dressing or in my own concoction of ground fennel seed, garlic, shallots, and extra virgin olive oil. The marinade will of course stick to the grill which is expected however cleaning it off the grill pan was so much easier than my last grill pan which was heavy and difficult to clean because it wasn't non-stick. I also like using the Calphalon grill pan because I can cook both the meat and vegetable (say asparagus) at the same time. The results are fabulous. I get those wonderful grill marks and grill taste. Although it is a bit big for this apartment dweller, I still consider this grill pan the best of all the indoor grills I have owned. Well worth the money too
 I'm thoroughly impressed by this set of inexpensive skillets: each of the three are the right size for my use:  Small skillet for nice round pancakes, larger skillet for general stir-fry, the griddle for bacon, eggs and toasting bread (with more than enough real-estate to cook two of three at the same time - could have crammed in the bacon but that releases too much fat).  I'm thoroughly impressed by this set of inexpensive skillets: each of the three are the right size for my use:  Small skillet for nice round pancakes, larger skillet for general stir-fry, the griddle for bacon, eggs and toasting bread (with more than enough real-estate to cook two of three at the same time - could have crammed in the bacon but that releases too much fat).  The best part about this entire set is that it cleans up so well - i'm coming from some lousy Tefal (remember when they were actually a premium brand with good quality? those times have long gone) which stained really badly, not to mention the nonstick flaking off after a couple uses.  I've even tried some of the el-cheapo calphalons (another premium brand going downhill) from amazon and they chip and wear fast right out of the box.The best part about this entire set is that it cleans up so well - i'm coming from some lousy Tefal (remember when they were actually a premium brand with good quality? those times have long gone) which stained really badly, not to mention the nonstick flaking off after a couple uses.  I've even tried some of the el-cheapo calphalons (another premium brand going downhill) from amazon and they chip and wear fast right out of the box.I'm now a convert to farberwear - they are inexpensive and has really held up to the test of time (this is in reference to my stainless-steel set I purchased right after college 10 years ago - they're still going strong and is testament to their quality even if they don't have the name or pricing to show for it).I'm now a convert to farberwear - they are inexpensive and has really held up to the test of time (this is in reference to my stainless-steel set I purchased right after college 10 years ago - they're still going strong and is testament to their quality even if they don't have the name or pricing to show for it).
 I can fill up this little tea pot and in less than five minutes have enough hot water to make four cups of tea.  No guessing the temperature as is often the case with heating water in microwaves.  And the automatic shut-off makes it great for the office
 Have had it for three years but haven't used it much. The times I have used it, it has worked very well.Have had it for three years but haven't used it much. The times I have used it, it has worked very well.Dislikes: Cant tell when it is done boiling the water. There is no indicator. The only way is to hear the switch click from on to off.Dislikes: Cant tell when it is done boiling the water. There is no indicator. The only way is to hear the switch click from on to off.Also, there is a min and max line for the amount of water needed to use. However, very hard to see so I used a Sharpee to highlight on the outside. Would be nice if it had cup indicator markings or other markings to tell you how much water you are boiling
 I have used this griddle so much I have worn it out and am now going to buy another one.  I have great results making flour tortillas with it.  I always use the quaker flour torilla mix from wal-mart.  I have used this griddle so much I have worn it out and am now going to buy another one.  I have great results making flour tortillas with it.  I always use the quaker flour torilla mix from wal-mart.  Every now and then I have a blow-up, but once you learn the proper technique for flattening the bread it's really easy, and much faster and easier than rolling them out by hand. 
 We needed a small countertop dishwasher for our rec room, and after a few months of use, I can say this one is working out very well.We needed a small countertop dishwasher for our rec room, and after a few months of use, I can say this one is working out very well.It shipped quickly, with no damage (the box was pretty tattered, but the packing material and the actual dishwasher were fine). It's large for a countertop device, certainly bigger than most microwaves. Be sure to measure your available space, especially clearance to any cabinets above your installation site.It shipped quickly, with no damage (the box was pretty tattered, but the packing material and the actual dishwasher were fine). It's large for a countertop device, certainly bigger than most microwaves. Be sure to measure your available space, especially clearance to any cabinets above your installation site.I hit some minor bumps getting it installed. The dishwasher hose nozzle is supposed to connect to your kitchen faucet using a threaded  quick-connect coupler included in the box. The coupler is supposed to screw onto the end of the faucet, but the faucet on that sink was a removeable spray handle on a long hose. There's no way for the included adapter to hook up to this, so I wound up having to install a new faucet (this isn't as bad as it sounds, as we were planning to replace the old one anyway).I hit some minor bumps getting it installed. The dishwasher hose nozzle is supposed to connect to your kitchen faucet using a threaded  quick-connect coupler included in the box. The coupler is supposed to screw onto the end of the faucet, but the faucet on that sink was a removeable spray handle on a long hose. There's no way for the included adapter to hook up to this, so I wound up having to install a new faucet (this isn't as bad as it sounds, as we were planning to replace the old one anyway).I brought the quick connect adapter to the hardware store with me to be sure it would fit the threads on the new faucet. Everything seemed okay in the store, but when I got home and installed the new faucet, I had some trouble. It turns out that the included adapter isn't particularly good quality, and didn't fit the faucet threads tightly enough to stay in place once the water pressure was actually turned on.I brought the quick connect adapter to the hardware store with me to be sure it would fit the threads on the new faucet. Everything seemed okay in the store, but when I got home and installed the new faucet, I had some trouble. It turns out that the included adapter isn't particularly good quality, and didn't fit the faucet threads tightly enough to stay in place once the water pressure was actually turned on.I blew the hose nozzle off the end of the new faucet a couple of times until I finally went back to the hardware store and picked up an off-the-shelf adapter. Fortunately, it looks like Danby is using all standard-sized parts, so I was able to replace the flaky adapter with a new one that works well for only a couple of dollars.I blew the hose nozzle off the end of the new faucet a couple of times until I finally went back to the hardware store and picked up an off-the-shelf adapter. Fortunately, it looks like Danby is using all standard-sized parts, so I was able to replace the flaky adapter with a new one that works well for only a couple of dollars.Once I had the thing up and running, it was easy to load and use. The basket is built to hold four full place settings, but I find that with some creative jiggering I can get it to take in any odd collection of dishes, mugs, baby cups, storage containers and what have you. The basket insert is removeable, converting it to an all-glasses tray, which we found useful for party cleanup.Once I had the thing up and running, it was easy to load and use. The basket is built to hold four full place settings, but I find that with some creative jiggering I can get it to take in any odd collection of dishes, mugs, baby cups, storage containers and what have you. The basket insert is removeable, converting it to an all-glasses tray, which we found useful for party cleanup.The machine really heats the water, so dishes come out clean. Even sticky stuff like melted cheese usually cleans right up. I've never had to use the heat-boost "sanitize" setting.The machine really heats the water, so dishes come out clean. Even sticky stuff like melted cheese usually cleans right up. I've never had to use the heat-boost "sanitize" setting.It uses a very small amount of dishwasher soap and rinse fluid, and you want to be careful NOT to add too much. I made the mistake of overfilling the soap holder (spilled a little too much, figured it would just rinse out, oops) and wound up flooding my countertop in suds. This has only happened once and there was no damage. Call it a learning experience.It uses a very small amount of dishwasher soap and rinse fluid, and you want to be careful NOT to add too much. I made the mistake of overfilling the soap holder (spilled a little too much, figured it would just rinse out, oops) and wound up flooding my countertop in suds. This has only happened once and there was no damage. Call it a learning experience.I saw in some of the other reviews that the timer knob occasionally won't advance when you start running the machine, and this did happen to me once as well after I'd had it for about two weeks. It hasn't recurred since then, either becuase I've been particularly careful to set the timer in the right start position, or the timer's "wearing in."I saw in some of the other reviews that the timer knob occasionally won't advance when you start running the machine, and this did happen to me once as well after I'd had it for about two weeks. It hasn't recurred since then, either becuase I've been particularly careful to set the timer in the right start position, or the timer's "wearing in."Been using it steadily several times a week for a few months now, and after the initial hiccups, it's been working fine. No complaints, and now I'm looking for a Danby under-counter mini-refigerator to replace one in the same rec room. I'd recommend this dishwasher, provided you don't mind a little effort getting it dialed in
 This pan is nicely made, and is fairly thick silicone - but when full, it is floppy and doesn't hold its shape on the sides.  The cake I made turned out with bulges on the sides that I had to trim off to make it a nice, neat rectangle.  I understand now why some more expensive silicone pans have wire "sleds" to support the pans
 The Cuisinart SMO-56 is an overall good value for the price.  The motor seems very strong, and the speed adjustments are adequate.  The casing is brushed chrome plastic, but it looks nice.  It's not as solid feeling as some of the more expensive blenders
 Last holiday season, I received this Fiestaware Scarlet dinnerware set as a gift. I absolutely love these dishes. They are strong, look wonderful, and put a smile on my face every time I open my cupboard at mealtime. Not one dish has chipped or cracked and the color is even and vibrant. I find the size of each item comfortable to use. The fact that they are dishwasher and microwave safe is just another wonderful bonus. Now I am looking forward to adding more pieces to my collection. Buy this set! The quality and price can't be beat!!
 I love these dishes.  They are lead-free and you can do so much with them because they are a solid color.  I liked the sea mist color even more when I saw the actual dishes--it is very soothing to the eye, and I don't think that I will get tired of it as I might with one of the brighter or darker colors.  I love these dishes.  They are lead-free and you can do so much with them because they are a solid color.  I liked the sea mist color even more when I saw the actual dishes--it is very soothing to the eye, and I don't think that I will get tired of it as I might with one of the brighter or darker colors.  
 Just as advertised!  This sharpener is great!  Knives that were very dull now slide right through anything being sliced! Sorry I waited so long to get this sharpener! The price held me back- but it's worth every penny
 You are going to LOVE this mug.  I bought it in the curry yellow, and ended up buying three more. The finish is beautiful and the shape fits your hand so well.  It is like satin as you hold it and it keeps your tea warm and wonderful.  The lip is perfect and not too thick.  Buy one and see!! Chantal products are the best.  Check out their soup bowls
 Had to turn in the first unit I bought for a replacement because a small plastic piece on the filter basket door broke, rendering the door useless.  The replacement has worked fine, but I am very careful in swinging the door open.Can't understand the nitpicking of other reviewers on the spillage when pouring from the carafe, and the forming of air bubbles in the water level tube.  Both problems are easily solved by pouring slowly enough.As to the peeling of the coating on the heating plate, I haven't had that happen either in the original unit or the replacement.I agree the instructions for setting the time on the clock and for the timer are a little complex - every time we have a power outage I have to refer to the manual to reset times.  However, the timer feature has worked without fail, unlike the Mr. Coffees I've had.I need to add that the poor visibility of the display is annoying.  Unless I'm missing something, it's backlit only when the unit is on or you're resetting times.Every coffeemaker has its pros and cons, for this one the pros far outweigh the cons. Overall, a fine machine which makes great coffee (hint: if you disagree with the great coffee try one of the Caribou coffees - the combination is terrific)
 My wife and I selected the Krups FME-4 coffee maker to replace the Braun KF550-BK model we've used for the last 2 years.  The Braun was, and still is, an excellent machine.  But it lacked a timer, which the Krups has.My wife and I selected the Krups FME-4 coffee maker to replace the Braun KF550-BK model we've used for the last 2 years.  The Braun was, and still is, an excellent machine.  But it lacked a timer, which the Krups has.The Krups has a good clock/timer system that can be a little confusing, unless you read the manual (self-explanatory).  The display uses an LCD that can be difficult to view from some angles.  Overall, it works okay.The Krups has a good clock/timer system that can be a little confusing, unless you read the manual (self-explanatory).  The display uses an LCD that can be difficult to view from some angles.  Overall, it works okay.The construction of the Krups is what bothers me the most.  My Braun coffee maker has a filter holder that can stand upright on the counter while I'm filling it with grounds.  This is really useful.  Unfortunately, the filter holder for the Krups is not designed to stand on a counter, so I have to replace it in the coffee maker unit or hold it with my free hand while adding grounds.  This is a big annoyance.The construction of the Krups is what bothers me the most.  My Braun coffee maker has a filter holder that can stand upright on the counter while I'm filling it with grounds.  This is really useful.  Unfortunately, the filter holder for the Krups is not designed to stand on a counter, so I have to replace it in the coffee maker unit or hold it with my free hand while adding grounds.  This is a big annoyance.Also, the review that mentions the uselessness of the water-level indicator on the side of the unit is completely accurate.  Bubbles form in the indicator, making it impossible to read.  Few things bother me as much as a feature that looks great on the packaging, and that's all.Also, the review that mentions the uselessness of the water-level indicator on the side of the unit is completely accurate.  Bubbles form in the indicator, making it impossible to read.  Few things bother me as much as a feature that looks great on the packaging, and that's all.Regarding the carafe, yes, it does spill; but, only if you try to pour too fast.  I had the same problem with my Braun, and just backing off on the angle of the carafe while pouring is enough to keep the coffee in the cup.Regarding the carafe, yes, it does spill; but, only if you try to pour too fast.  I had the same problem with my Braun, and just backing off on the angle of the carafe while pouring is enough to keep the coffee in the cup.Overall, there are some critical design flaws that really shouldn't be present in such a frequently used product; but, it makes good coffee and is fairly simple to use.  In hindsight, I might have instead bought the Braun KF580-BK, which is identical to my current model plus a clock/timer
 We're a busy family of four. This product has so many more uses than our old toaster plus it cooks fast & it's simple to use! This has been a great alternative to heating up the oven for a few pieces of cheese bread or a snack pizza. I was surprised at how evenly everything cooks. We've been very pleased with this product, in fact it has become an essential appliance. The only draw back is that it takes up more counter space however that con is overweighed by all the pros. I never thought I'd give up my old toaster, now I wish I'd done it ten years ago! 
 I love Corelle and purchased this for my son and his new wife. The item was not able to be delivered and I received a quick no hassle refund. Amazon is very easy to deal with!
 For those of you that enjoy cooking and the best for your kitchen, these dutch ovens are a must!  Excellent for slow cooked stews, roasts and soups.  Wonderful heat retention with the cast iron core and the enamel coating keeps it a snap to clean.  No sticking and no taste or metal reactions plus the colors are so attractive, they can be a really nice accent in your kitchen. 
 I pretty much agree with ILikeAmazon's review below.  This blender looks nice, sounds quiet and doesn't dance all over the kitchen when being used.  The lid stays put and it's easy to clean.  It also matches all my other small Kitchen Aid appliances.  Like others though, I make a smoothie every morning and I've had to learn how to use this blender for that.   First, it's helpful to let any frozen items sit for awhile in the blender (I load it as soon as I get water on for my coffee so it can sit until the last thing I do before leaving the house).  I pretty much agree with ILikeAmazon's review below.  This blender looks nice, sounds quiet and doesn't dance all over the kitchen when being used.  The lid stays put and it's easy to clean.  It also matches all my other small Kitchen Aid appliances.  Like others though, I make a smoothie every morning and I've had to learn how to use this blender for that.   First, it's helpful to let any frozen items sit for awhile in the blender (I load it as soon as I get water on for my coffee so it can sit until the last thing I do before leaving the house).  If pushed for time, then I've found that putting the blender on pulse and constantly pulsing until the contents agitate on their own helps.  The problem is that either the funnel shaped bottom and/or the blades being turned in several directions pushes the frozen mush above the funnel shaped bottom of the blender.  Air enters the funnel shaped bottom and the mush calmly just sits above the blades.  At this point, the blender can be stopped and the mush gently pushed back down into the funnel before restarting the blender.  If pushed for time, then I've found that putting the blender on pulse and constantly pulsing until the contents agitate on their own helps.  The problem is that either the funnel shaped bottom and/or the blades being turned in several directions pushes the frozen mush above the funnel shaped bottom of the blender.  Air enters the funnel shaped bottom and the mush calmly just sits above the blades.  At this point, the blender can be stopped and the mush gently pushed back down into the funnel before restarting the blender.  Kitchen Aid products (and their customer service) are superior.  This blender is a nice addition to my kitchen.  As ILikeAmazon said:  "There are always tradeoffs."  I do hope however that they improve on the smoothie making capabilities of this powerful, attractive blender.  Then it will be a five star appliance.Kitchen Aid products (and their customer service) are superior.  This blender is a nice addition to my kitchen.  As ILikeAmazon said:  "There are always tradeoffs."  I do hope however that they improve on the smoothie making capabilities of this powerful, attractive blender.  Then it will be a five star appliance.By the way:  I like Amazon too! 
 I was looking for a kettle with a handle that I could pick up without using an oven mitt, and one that doesn't require removal of the whistle (also with oven mitt of course) before pouring.  This kettle fit the bill.  The handle as well as the whistle are plastic and cool to the touch.  The whistle flips up with a touch of your thumb and does not require removal.I was looking for a kettle with a handle that I could pick up without using an oven mitt, and one that doesn't require removal of the whistle (also with oven mitt of course) before pouring.  This kettle fit the bill.  The handle as well as the whistle are plastic and cool to the touch.  The whistle flips up with a touch of your thumb and does not require removal.I have been pleasantly surprised by the kettle beyond the two features above (which I would have thought would be standard on every kettle, but that is so not the case).  It looks nice and is sturdily constructed.  The whistle is a gentle reminder, not a screaming alarm.  It holds a lot of water, enough for about 8 cups of tea plus a little water to rinse out/pre-heat the tea pot with.I have been pleasantly surprised by the kettle beyond the two features above (which I would have thought would be standard on every kettle, but that is so not the case).  It looks nice and is sturdily constructed.  The whistle is a gentle reminder, not a screaming alarm.  It holds a lot of water, enough for about 8 cups of tea plus a little water to rinse out/pre-heat the tea pot with.My only suggestion for improvement is for the handle.  Because it's a straight bar across, it's not very ergonomic for pouring.  I often find my right wrist at a strange, almost uncomfortable angle.  I have solved the problem by using my left hand as well -- first I tilt the kettle with my right hand, then I use my left hand to hold the kettle while it's pouring.  I think a curved handle would eliminate this problem
 I am quite enamoured with this little utensil.  I bought it because it was the cheapest silicone spatula I found, but it turned out also to be the best designed.  The all-silicone construction not only protects the handle from melting, and you pot from scratching, but makes it the easiest and most comfortable to use as well.I am quite enamoured with this little utensil.  I bought it because it was the cheapest silicone spatula I found, but it turned out also to be the best designed.  The all-silicone construction not only protects the handle from melting, and you pot from scratching, but makes it the easiest and most comfortable to use as well.Also note that most silicone products are only rated for use up to 400F or so, while this is rated to 600F.  I havent used it at temperatures that high, but I'm comforted to know I have that option if the need arises
 The canister size and shape is very suitable; it properly sized to store easily all of our cold cuts. The part that I do not like is the time it takes to pull the vacuum. It seems that the sides handle are not design to pre-load the cover so will seal the gasket. Design could be improve
 This is the best can opener I've ever used! With arthritis in my hands and wrists I've always struggled with can openers. (The electric ones take up valuable counter space and tend to spill the liquid contents.) The Oxo is easy to grip, easy to turn the knob and I appreciate the little jaw-grippy thingy on the side to help seperate the can and lid.
 I use this for more than just tea, defrosting frozen veggies, making broth, a few drops on a sponge for cleaning, this thing is the greatest
 This bakeware is absolutley the best I have ever had.  It doesn't stick, rust, or burn.  Super easy to keep clean, just toss in the dishwasher.  I you are a baker you must have this, you will be amazed
 I have used analon cookware since 1997.  The handle came off one of the saucepans.  Before I could return it, my husband tossed it out.  I replaced the saucepan and purchased some additional items.  They arrived in great condition and in a timely manner.  I have used the pots and they have met my expectations.  I would like to order some of the other accessories.
 This Bundt Pan is great. The Cakes come out cooked evenly, moist, and removes easily from the pan. Made 3 cakes using this pan & everyone loves them! This bundt pan is going to be used alot more!!! I love it!
 I like the two short handles versus the one big handle on other boilers.  This is a little less obtrusive on the stovetop that the one handle design.  It would not work well for sauces or other tasks where you need your other hand to wisk or stir.I like the two short handles versus the one big handle on other boilers.  This is a little less obtrusive on the stovetop that the one handle design.  It would not work well for sauces or other tasks where you need your other hand to wisk or stir.Works great on the flat top range and cleans up nicely.Works great on the flat top range and cleans up nicely.Highly recommend, but it seems to be out of stock often
 We needed to replace a 30 year old Farberware frypan. This pan was better than we expected. We are so grateful for Amazon.com!!
 Farberware classic is great -- an inexpensive yet equally functional alternative to the very expensive pots & pans.  Note: recently Farberware reduced its quality, in that older Farberware pots & pans had their thick aluminum base completely encased within a stainless steel shell.  The newer pots & pans have the aluminum base attached to the bottom, but not encased within a stainless steel bottom.  So, their quality is less than it was; most people who "grew up with Farberware" may not realize this.  Farberware used to hold the patent on the technique of having the aluminum base CURVE up the side of the pan -- they no longer do this, and are the same as many other manufacturers.  Also note: if you are buying a 12" pan, this is a HUGE pan, since it has a squareish cross-section.  I found it to be so absolutely huge -- you could fry a dozen onions in this monster -- that I simply never use it.  The 10" and 8" sizes may be what you're looking for
 ive had only great hot drinks from my machine!! i love it
 These sheets are pretty good--they're nice and heavy, and I definitely feel like they're going to last a looooong time.  They are a little bit stiff, and they don't seem to be softening up too much as time goes on.  I expected them to be a ton softer.  They are really good sheets, however, and I would buy them again
 The extra long rubber portion of this spatula works very well to scrape down the sides of the bowl as it flexes along the curve of the bowl and reaches the bottom easily
 This spatula has an easy hold grip, works like it's supposed to, and washes well in the dishwasher
 Just compare this one with Braun, try to turn it on without the coffee beans and you would notice Braun is louder than Toastmaker, this is quiet and grinds well. Just got it a month ago, not sure about the life of the machine. But I believe its Cheap and Best
 I love garlic and this has been the best garlic press. I've use this almost every day for the last 6 months and it still works and looks great! It's definately worth the money
 This garlic press is very well made. It's got some weight to it, but no too much. Works on the biggest cloves of garlic leaving only the skin behind. Well worth the money. Easy to clean
 We celebrated 45 years of marriage and a toaster oven has been a kitchen essential for all of those years. The Cuisinart TOB-50 is number 4. It's predecessor lasted for 24 years so it has high standards to meet and I'm optimistist. We choose it for it's simplicity, solid feel, and size hoping for reliability and ease of use. In it's early months it is meeting our expectations. It is one of the most solid and basic that I've seen on the market. The controls are solid and easy to use. It toasts evenly and you have the ability to control the darkness of the toast easily. My baking use has been limited but it does a good job of heating small portions that you don't want to microwave. The door and the hinges are solid feeling. It is a nice size without being too bulky. We store it inside a cupboard so size was an important factor. It will toast 4 slices of bread or 4 to 6 waffles depending on their size. It has a soft bell to let you know when the heating cycle is done. The crumb pan is easy to use making the unit easy to clean. The only "con" I can think of in this unit is that the shelf does not pop forward when you open the door so you need a hot pad or shelf pull to pull it forward safely
 We had had this oven for a couple months when the door would no longer stay shut.  I tried jamming a wooden spoon against it to hold it shut while cooking, but found this sort of absurd.  So I called Cuisinart for warranty service.  They said they'd replace my oven with a new one, but I had to pay to ship the oven to their warehouse in NJ and it would take a few weeks.  In the meantime my husband found a set of little magnets at our local craft store, and fixed the problem!  So I wasn't going to ship the oven to NJ - until a replacement oven arrived...before I even sent the first one out.  Hmmmm.  We had had this oven for a couple months when the door would no longer stay shut.  I tried jamming a wooden spoon against it to hold it shut while cooking, but found this sort of absurd.  So I called Cuisinart for warranty service.  They said they'd replace my oven with a new one, but I had to pay to ship the oven to their warehouse in NJ and it would take a few weeks.  In the meantime my husband found a set of little magnets at our local craft store, and fixed the problem!  So I wasn't going to ship the oven to NJ - until a replacement oven arrived...before I even sent the first one out.  Hmmmm.  Anyway, we're enjoying this toaster oven very much and use it practically every day.  It is slower than a regular toaster, but cooks four pieces of toast/waffles all at once, so I figure its a fair trade.  It does a nice job with open-faced sandwiches or chicken nuggets for the kids on the broiler pan, without having to heat up our full-sized oven.  A practical choice especially for families with kids
 The lounger is unique and can be used for watching TV or playing with games. 
 I love this thing!  Not only does it perform beautifully, but it's absolutely gorgeous.  I prefer to serve meals in it rather than one of my pretty platters.I love this thing!  Not only does it perform beautifully, but it's absolutely gorgeous.  I prefer to serve meals in it rather than one of my pretty platters.I waited a pretty long time (almost a year) before writing my review to make sure I abused it enough.  This is my 2nd review.I waited a pretty long time (almost a year) before writing my review to make sure I abused it enough.  This is my 2nd review.Because it's well made, it's pretty heavy...that's why the "helper handle" is so helpful.  Because it's well made, it's pretty heavy...that's why the "helper handle" is so helpful.  We have a chicken salad about 4 times a week so I wanted a really big pan to be able to sear my chicken all at once without having to work in shifts.  We have a chicken salad about 4 times a week so I wanted a really big pan to be able to sear my chicken all at once without having to work in shifts.  To clean and sanitize stuff, I put EVERYTHING in the dishwasher...vacuum attachments, toothbrushes, dog and cat toys etc...so the fact that this fits in my dishwasher is awesome for me.  I wash it by hand about 1/2 the time.  To clean and sanitize stuff, I put EVERYTHING in the dishwasher...vacuum attachments, toothbrushes, dog and cat toys etc...so the fact that this fits in my dishwasher is awesome for me.  I wash it by hand about 1/2 the time.  The nonstick coating is wonderful...not a scrape or scratch on it.  Pay particular attention to cleaning the rivets (that might be the wrong terminology) that attach the handle to the pan on the inside.  The dishwasher gets all the icky stuff out of every crevice, but I use a soft dish brush for the rivets if washing by hand.The nonstick coating is wonderful...not a scrape or scratch on it.  Pay particular attention to cleaning the rivets (that might be the wrong terminology) that attach the handle to the pan on the inside.  The dishwasher gets all the icky stuff out of every crevice, but I use a soft dish brush for the rivets if washing by hand.:-
 I totally love this pan!I totally love this pan!I bake cakes all the time using this and other Hoffritz pans and they are absolutely wonderful. I was first impressed by the weight of the pan, the non-stick sufrace, and the even heat distribution. I noticed a remarkable difference in the quality of my cakes from the very first time I used the pan. Not only do my cakes look and taste great, I never have to worry about my cakes getting stuck to the pan or being lopsided.I bake cakes all the time using this and other Hoffritz pans and they are absolutely wonderful. I was first impressed by the weight of the pan, the non-stick sufrace, and the even heat distribution. I noticed a remarkable difference in the quality of my cakes from the very first time I used the pan. Not only do my cakes look and taste great, I never have to worry about my cakes getting stuck to the pan or being lopsided.I'll never buy a cheap pan again. It's really is worth the extra couple of dollars. I doubt I'll ever have to replace any of the pans I've bought from them. I also purchased the Hoffritz springform pans and 9" rounds, same great results
 I have owned this for years and LOVE it. The directions indicate that for 1 lb of coffee, you add 5 cups of water and let it sit (for hours). I actually add 9 cups of water and the coffee concentrate works just fine. I fill my ice cube trays with the coffee, then bag the cubes so that I can use it over time. It is delicious every time when you put the concentrate in a 3 to 1 ratio with water (American coffee) or less for stronger coffee (e.g., espresso). I particularly like to use these cubes for iced coffee -- it comes out nice and strong, not watered down.I have owned this for years and LOVE it. The directions indicate that for 1 lb of coffee, you add 5 cups of water and let it sit (for hours). I actually add 9 cups of water and the coffee concentrate works just fine. I fill my ice cube trays with the coffee, then bag the cubes so that I can use it over time. It is delicious every time when you put the concentrate in a 3 to 1 ratio with water (American coffee) or less for stronger coffee (e.g., espresso). I particularly like to use these cubes for iced coffee -- it comes out nice and strong, not watered down.A final bonus to the toddy maker: used coffee grounds are a folk remedy for fire ants. If you have them and you want them gone without throwing a bunch of chemicals in your garden. Put these atop their nest (but watch yourself!). They leave pretty quick. A final bonus to the toddy maker: used coffee grounds are a folk remedy for fire ants. If you have them and you want them gone without throwing a bunch of chemicals in your garden. Put these atop their nest (but watch yourself!). They leave pretty quick.   
 The skillet is great for for frying huge amounts of chicken cutlets when you want them all done at the same time. The quality of the cast heats evenly and stays hot as you add food into the skillet. Its much better then using teflon... (Did you know if you burn teflon it kills birds, especially parrots) Well I never liked cooking in teflon and I have always loved a set of skillets that was passed down from my great grandmother all the way down to me. I am able to sear meats and gently cook scrambled eggs to perfection. Its important to realize, looking back to people that traveled the country on horse back carried a cast iron skillet and a dutch oven... Those same skillets are still in use today.. Try so to the same about your teflon or stainless steel pan from china. Just a good american made cast iron skillet and its very affordable to!!!The skillet is great for for frying huge amounts of chicken cutlets when you want them all done at the same time. The quality of the cast heats evenly and stays hot as you add food into the skillet. Its much better then using teflon... (Did you know if you burn teflon it kills birds, especially parrots) Well I never liked cooking in teflon and I have always loved a set of skillets that was passed down from my great grandmother all the way down to me. I am able to sear meats and gently cook scrambled eggs to perfection. Its important to realize, looking back to people that traveled the country on horse back carried a cast iron skillet and a dutch oven... Those same skillets are still in use today.. Try so to the same about your teflon or stainless steel pan from china. Just a good american made cast iron skillet and its very affordable to!!!
 What a delightful gadget - works as advertised (how unusual)!  Creates nice slices of mango without the mess and without ending up with all the small slivers of fruit you normally get.  Love it
 I'd purchased the "big brother" to this KitchenAid cutting board about a year ago, so I understand the frustration of the reviewers who complain about the apparently unremoveable label. (It sounds petty until you try to scrape it off yourself.) The label DID eventually come off, but it did take a bit of muscle.I'd purchased the "big brother" to this KitchenAid cutting board about a year ago, so I understand the frustration of the reviewers who complain about the apparently unremoveable label. (It sounds petty until you try to scrape it off yourself.) The label DID eventually come off, but it did take a bit of muscle.So I'm glad to say that this board arrived, a month or two ago, with no sign of a nasty Kitchenaid label at all. No more wrestling with my kitchen equipment for ME!So I'm glad to say that this board arrived, a month or two ago, with no sign of a nasty Kitchenaid label at all. No more wrestling with my kitchen equipment for ME!And, like the larger version of this cutting board, this one really is excellent. It really is non-stick, even when the board is wet (such as when you rinse off the tomato goop before you cut up the scallions). It cleans easily and quickly, and has no objection to the dishwasher. Plus, it looks pretty enough that I don't mind bringing it to the table, which is more than I can say for most non-wood cutting boards
 We purchased the pad for the senior cat in our house.  At 14, he is the oldest of 5 - all indoors.  We put it on the bed (his favorite daytime nap spot).  He loves it, but so do the other four.  They all try to squeeze in on it, with him, or take it over when he gets up.  It's never empty!  It has a bit of a "crinkly" noise but they don't seem to mind it after they try it. It seems to work great and very easy to keep clean.  The patterned side can be de-furred with a few quick swipes of your hand, following the direction of the fabric nap.  Good purchase and endorsed by all 5 of our cats
 Great thing to own and very useful for cooking small quantity of foods. I use it a lot
 These beautiful square dishes were the inspiration for my purchase of a complete service for 12 plus serving pieces.  I love them!  They have a very contemporary look, and they are very durable.  What is also nice is the fact that they are larger than your average luncheon/salad plate too
 This Corelle set has that handcrafted italian detailed look but without worrying about everyday wear-and-tear. It's time to retire my old butterfly pattern which I've had for decades. I rate it four stars only because it would be so much more practical to sell these in SETS OF SIX. It's more profitable for Corelle but not so practical for us. Yes the bowls are shallow and the mugs are stoneware so they are not break resistant.
 I have, and do use, many different fillet knives but needed one for knife block in the kitchen. It had to match my other 4 stars. It not only matched but the construction if great and is an excellent performer
 My friend purchased the Breadman Panini Maker a few months ago.  Every time we spoke he was making some kind of Panini sandwich.  He raved about this panini maker so I had to get one for myself.  I LOVE IT!  It is so easy to clean.  It is such a wonderful item that I would've paid double the price if I new how well it worked. It's hard for me to believe that anyone could be disappointed with this item.  
 These are well-made spoons, not junky at all, which is always a possibility with cheap, mail-order items of this type.  The steel is heavy-gauge, and all the edges are rounded and safe.  Good value and a good way to &quot;top up&quot; an order
 This little unit is very versatile, you can use it to steam anything
 This sturdy nylon whisk, like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line, is a great value of superior quality, unsurpassed durability, and flawless performance. Its ergonomic design, hefty body, and big, pressure-absorbing, non-slip grip, complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers, are the reasons why you'll prefer this product to the more traditional models, as they will allow you comfortable, daily, wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries.Its elegant, stylized shape fits seamlessly with the rest of the OXO Good Grips collection and is designed to the let flow the most air into your creams, meringues, custards and frostings for fluffier, even results. This is also a great tool for whisking directly into the saucepan on the stove, since its non-abrasive nylon materials are safe to use on non-stick cookware and are heat-resistant up to 400 Fahrenheit. Moreover, it comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging, and its easy-to-clean, simple construction and dishwasher-safe, hardwearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years. After submitting this product to over three years of normal, everyday use, mine is still just like new.--Reviewed by Maritza Volma
 I have owned at least six other coffee pots and was never satisfied with home made coffee, so Dunkin Donuts was where I would head to on my way to work.  I got this coffee pot and I buy Dunkin Donuts coffee and grind it with the Proline Kitchenaid Grinder and it is the best coffee I have ever had.  Recently I had a kitchen remodel and the electrician showed up with his cup of coffee in hand from Dunkin Donuts.  I asked him later in the day if he wanted a cup of coffee and he was hesitant stating he did not like coffee from home coffee pots.  Well, I assured him he would love it. After having my coffee, for the rest of the week he never showed up with his own coffee, actually said, he preferred my coffee.  After the job was over, he saw my sister a few weeks later and he mentioned how he missed the coffee I made.  This is the best ever, perfect coffee every time and the perfect temperature. 
 If you're like myself, the 5 a.m. pot of coffee has to be simple.Well designed makers keep it almost idiot proof. This one does a great job.Once you learn that the spout is not "drip proof", you will be happy with this as a purchase
 We now have two of these units. They are quieter than other HEPA air filtration units we have had, do a better job of cleaning the air, and have excellent product support.
 Even on its highest setting, it isn't very loud. Handy electronic screen shows how much longer it is until the filter needs to be washed or vacuumed. I used to wake up in the mornings because I had a stuffy nose due to all the dust where I live, and now that's gone. I would say this is a worthy investment to anyone who is looking into buying a HEPA filter, but doesn't want to go broke from the filter costs.Even on its highest setting, it isn't very loud. Handy electronic screen shows how much longer it is until the filter needs to be washed or vacuumed. I used to wake up in the mornings because I had a stuffy nose due to all the dust where I live, and now that's gone. I would say this is a worthy investment to anyone who is looking into buying a HEPA filter, but doesn't want to go broke from the filter costs.Its CADR (Clean Air Delivery Rate) isTobacco smoke: 145Dust: 140Pollen: 130Pollen: 130This air cleaner is suggested for use in a single closed room up to 227 square feet. I'm using it in a room that's barely 200 square feet. I can sleep with it on its high setting, but I like white noise, so some may get annoyed with it. On high, the sound is akin to a normal fan that someone would run on their desk
 I love this mug.  I love this mug.  Pros:Pros:-The 20 oz. size makes it perfect for a college student sitting down to write a paper or read a book - or for that matter, anyone who will be seated for the next hour and needs some comfort while doing it.-The 20 oz. size makes it perfect for a college student sitting down to write a paper or read a book - or for that matter, anyone who will be seated for the next hour and needs some comfort while doing it.-The vibrant red is warming, comforting, and beautiful.  -The vibrant red is warming, comforting, and beautiful.  -This mug is not to heavy to comfortably hold, full of liquid, with one hand.-This mug is not to heavy to comfortably hold, full of liquid, with one hand.-It insulates well so that fingers aren't overheated while holding it.-It insulates well so that fingers aren't overheated while holding it.-It insulates well so that fingers aren't overheated while holding it.Cons:Cons:-This is not related to the mug itself, but the shipping costs are monstrous.  Buy at least two if you buy one - I wish I had.  It comes in a rather oversized box
 A fork is a fork, right?  This does what you'd expect.  The All Clad difference is that it is beautiful and because it's stainless, it's a very hefty knife.  I think with will hold a large heavy cut of meat well.  I use mine for chicken.  Sparkles when you put it in the diswasher
 I have been looking high and low for a new flatware set and the minute I seen &amp;quot;Non Stop&amp;quot; I had to have it! Needless to say...I am very pleased
 We have three dogs so the fur is endless. I come home from work and start the Roomba and voila, no more dog hair. It picks up more stuff than my other vacuums ever did.
 This is horrible.....as stated by the other reviews!!!  Do NOT waste your money or time!!!  My husband and I tried for several hours to get this to work, we let the dough come to room temperature, and still it would NOT work!
 If you're in the market for a used Nissan coffee mug, then step right up and order from Amazon.com!If you're in the market for a used Nissan coffee mug, then step right up and order from Amazon.com!So you're probably thinking, yes, maybe I would like a used coffee mug.  How about a used coffee mug with dried, brown coffee stains still in it...And how about with the fresh aroma of a...what does that smell like, ah, Vanilla Latte I believe it is.  If you're still interested, continue ordering, but be advised as customer service will be unwilling to compensate you for any issues you may have with receiving a dirty mug in the mail.  I think Nissan stainless makes a nice product, but I wouldsuggest ordering from SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!  suggest ordering from SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!  Hip, Hip, BooooooHip, Hip, Boooooo
 I've had two of these break on me now after normal use; the hinge gives way during the "cleaning" process
 Although this is a nice looking product, and it lives up to the 'good grip' promise, I went back to the company twice for a new one after the metal broke apart at the stress point (the hinge).Although this is a nice looking product, and it lives up to the 'good grip' promise, I went back to the company twice for a new one after the metal broke apart at the stress point (the hinge).I will say that OXO stood behind their product, shipping out a new one with no fuss.  But after getting two replacements, and seeing the third break in exactly the same place, I'm done. 
 My kitchen is entirely Kitchenaid, so I was very excited when Kitchenaid released their silicone bakeware line. I love the color and the way they clean up very nicely. I also love that they do not get scratched or clank around in my cupboards. However, I have noticed that when I bake in these, I can smell the silicone. It even dominates over the smell of the cake or bread that I am making! I have also noticed (especially with this bread pan) that the silicone gives your dessert a slight silicone taste. I own the muffin pans, so I use paper baking cups to prevent this from happening, but with the loaf pan, there is no way around it.
 Cup leaks out of the top closure part. I need one that does not leak at all, most of the time my hands are full and it's a balancing act. Very disappointed for this amount of money it is not worth the aggravation
 I am writing this to warn all of you cooks and bakers at home, that like me, prefer real commercial equipment in your kitchen.  Anything less is just a toy.  I had purchased the Waring Pro 1500 convection oven thinking this would be a quality convection oven to replace a Farberware convection oven that I have had for over 10 years and just plain wore out.  I ordered the Waring Pro 1500 from a catalog/online store other than Amazon, I don't know if it is legal to say, but it does have the word Chef's in it.  I was so excited to get it!  I opened the box, set it up, and was so disappointed.  It was made so poorly I was just sick.  The stainless steel top was not smoothed out, the oven door was installed so crooked it scraped the metal off of the side of the controls, and it had been dropped or something before packing because the feet were up inside of the thing, and the top was bent down.  The shipping packaging was fine, there was no broken packing and the box was fine.  OK, so I sent that one back, got a replacement thanks to the wonderful customer service at the online store, and opened the second one, same thing!!  I was so devastated, that I decided to give it a shot anyhow.  While cooking with it, the door had such a bad seal that it just steamed out the front, sides and bottom.  I was amazed that there could be such shoddy workmanship out there on what was being advertised as commercial quality.  OK, so oven number two went back, and I tried one more, what the heck three strikes you are out right?  Right!!  Finally oven number three came and it was put together so much better, seal looked good, top and feet looked good, so I decided to give it a whirl.  Once again, huge disappointment.  The convection fan goes on and off with the burner coils.  Thus not giving the cooking cycle a true convection.  I called Waring customer service and it was confirmed by engineering that they designed the fan to come on and off with the coils.  Bad design!  It took longer to bake cookies in there than it would my regular oven, and then they were hard and dry.  I rotisseried a chicken and it took over 1 and a half hours and when I cut it, the skin was soggy, not crisp, and it wasn't cooked all the way through after 90 minutes!  The thing popped (sounded like it was going to blow up) every time it heated up because they riveted the rack holders in there so tight, also making it nearly impossible to go from racks to using baking trays.  OK, that was it!!  After extensive internet research, I finally found a convection oven that is truly a commercial oven made for residential use, and exchanged it with the wonderful catalog/online store mentioned before and got the Cadco Commercial (and I do mean Commercial) half size convection oven Model number OV-350 and have used it many times since it's arrival and absolutely love it!!  I know it is twice the price, but as usual, you get what you pay for.  There is a smaller size version of the Cadco/Broilking oven that is quarter size, for people that do not need to bake huge quantities like me, that is the same price as the Waring Pro.  Please people, if you are at all a person that demands quality in your kitchen, do not waste your time on the Waring Pro, just skip right to the real commercial stuff and save yourself some major stress!!  Thanks again to the wonderful customer service at the aforementioned catalong/online company for NOT making me be stuck with the worthless Waring PRO 1500!!  Go for the Cadco!   
 We never even plugged this sucker in.  I wanted a countertop convection oven that would accomodate a pizza or 9 x 13 pan, and this unit was supposed to do that.  What none of the product decscriptions mentioned is that this "countertop" unit should NOT be used underneath a cupboard.  Don't most kitchen countertops have a cupboard over them?  Also not mentioned is that the unit required a 4" clearance on the sides: so whatever the dimensions of the unit are, you need to add 8".  I'm sending this monster back and getting something smaller
 Unfortunately, if you have an older gas oven like we do, the temperature of your oven may actually be higher than the temperature at which you set it on the dial. This led to problems determining a safe temperature in which to use the trays. We were all hesitant to eat the muffins I'd made because of the chemical/plastic smell. I'm back to using foil muffin cups on a cookie sheet
 The FS150 food slicer is fine for very light duty work such as cheese or lunch meats providing you don't push this unit too hard or use it too frequently. Ours lasted a year and a half of very occasional use before it burned out. The two biggest drawbacks are the sliding rail and the motor/gear train. First the slider is simply a  cheap plastic bushing on a metal rod that tends to bind up fairly quickly. We found that a little olive oil wiped on to the rod kept things moving well enough but it needs to be treated every time you use the slicer and then cleaned afterwards. Food grade Teflon or silicone spray did not seem to work as well as the olive oil.The big problem with this unit is the motor/gear train that drives the slicing wheel. The drive gear is plastic and will not tolerate any kind of continuous load and will strip out fairly easily if pushed too hard. We smoked the motor and stripped the gears just slicing up a couple of small roasts and we were not working the unit that hard. It does a decent job for the person that just wants to slice up a small bunch of deli foods for a party or do a weeks worth of cheese for the kids lunches but honestly a good knife will do just as well and not set you back ten minutes for cleaning every time you use it.If you are looking for a slicer to do more serious work you will have to spend the money and get something in the $400+ range. What this slicer is good for the deli counter can do for you for free when you buy your bologna. 
 I was actually satisfied with this slicer until I needed to clean it.  When you remove the blade, there is a plastic ring or seal that clings to a metal rim with brittle, plastic "fingers".  An intelligent engineer would have seated this ring in a channel rather than have it mounted by flimsy, brittle fingers to a thin semi-circle of metal.I was actually satisfied with this slicer until I needed to clean it.  When you remove the blade, there is a plastic ring or seal that clings to a metal rim with brittle, plastic "fingers".  An intelligent engineer would have seated this ring in a channel rather than have it mounted by flimsy, brittle fingers to a thin semi-circle of metal.Mine broke on the 4th cleaning; now the blade is extremly difficult to align, and it wobbles if you leave the part off.  Waring's website does not offer this part for sale, and customer service has not yet returned my call.Mine broke on the 4th cleaning; now the blade is extremly difficult to align, and it wobbles if you leave the part off.  Waring's website does not offer this part for sale, and customer service has not yet returned my call.Updated March 24, 2006:  Customer service told me to clean this slicer by removing the three mounting screws rather than using the center screw.  This is more difficult, and does not permit you to clean accumulated goop that gets behind the seal.Updated March 24, 2006:  Customer service told me to clean this slicer by removing the three mounting screws rather than using the center screw.  This is more difficult, and does not permit you to clean accumulated goop that gets behind the seal.They did send me a new ring or seal, but I had to eventually remove the whole blade when the smell of the goop became too strong.  All of the fingers had broken off the seal, so I had to use duct tape to reapply it.  And the blade really wobbles now.They did send me a new ring or seal, but I had to eventually remove the whole blade when the smell of the goop became too strong.  All of the fingers had broken off the seal, so I had to use duct tape to reapply it.  And the blade really wobbles now.I see a few people really liked this slicer; I suspect they had not cleaned it before writing
 This thing slices well, then comes the impractical task of trying to clean it. The tray does not detatch from the base, which cannot be put in water because it containes the motor. Pieces of food work their way into the motor area. After removing the blade (using tools) you must remove a plastic cover with 3 screws and dig out the pieces of food. I could not believe how bad a design it was from a cleaning standpoint. The tray that slides back and forth with the food has a stainless top that is literally two-faced taped onto the plastic base. This was very poor from a quality standpoint, and came off in my hand the first and only time used. The plastic base for this tray has about fifty little half inch square honey-comb sort of areas that grease from meat or juices from food WILL get down into. This thing is a nightmare to adequately clean and not worth the trouble. It went back to the store immediately, and it was not all the way clean because after about thirty minutes I gave up. I'm looking for another brand now
 I bought this product because the box says "no more ice chunks." There is even an "icebreaker" setting.  I wanted a way to make slushies.  However, the manual says you are to use the "icy drink" setting when crushing ice.  I am not sure if or when a person is supposed to use the "icebreaker" setting!  Also, the whole ice crushing process requires many steps and more than a blender.  First, you have to pour water in before you can crush the ice.  Once you press the "icy drink" setting, you pour out the excess water into a collander.  Even after all that, there are chunks in the ice. No slushie for me!  I gave this product just 1 star because I hate misleading advertising.  I will now have to take time out of my crammed schedule to return this product
 The price of this iron was reduced to $24.99 with the purpoose of missing the $25 order for free shipping, then they trap you into buying another item or pay over $7 for shipping. Now, to make matters worse, they omitted the most important feature of the iron; that the soleplate is aluminum.  
 These tools are made of high quality materials, and they look very nice. However, the ends of the handles are so thick and heavy that if you leave them propped on the side of a shallow pot or pan, or on the counter, they are very prone to flip out of the container or off of the counter, carrying food with them to the kitchen floor. This happened to me twice while cooking thanksgiving dinner. I will not throw them away, but I would never buy them again.
 Would look great if it lined up correctly.  Goes together very crooked & doesn't line up 100% with other parts, & there are only three major parts.  I ordered two holders, & both have the same problems.  May redrill the screw holes to line things up better, but may just return both for a refund.I love the look, & it would be great if things were done correctly
  After getting the teakettle in January, I had to stop using it by June.  The kettle was leaking water all over the kitchen counter and at time it would not turn off by itself.  Delongi sent me a new kettle to replace the one that was broke  but it was a model only worth $80.00.  When I ask about the $50.00 difference in price of the two teakettles I was told they covered their warranty and I'm out of the $50.00. I won't be buying anymore of Delongi products!
 Like the other reviewers, I followed the instructions for this machine to the letter.  I froze the canister in my deep-freeze for several days and took it out just in time to load it.  Although the recipe provided was quite tasty, even after 60 minutes the stuff never even got cold enough to reach the slush stage, let alone ice cream.  My kids pretty much drank it from the bowl.  It's advertised to make ice cream in 20 minutes; no way.  Returned it the next day (and paid for shipping)
 Let me begin with a positive note on the OXO Good Grips oven mitt:  It looks great and the magnet is a good idea. Now for the negative aspects of this item:  it's WAY over-priced, especially for how poorly it is designed. The way this oven mitt is designed does not give you a "Good Grip," which is ironic since it's called the "OXO Good Grips" oven mitt.  It's hard to explain, but the silicone part is somewhat stiff and when you put your hand in the mitt, you cannot easily grab things, especially if what you're trying to grab is small (like a pan lid) or narrow (like the handles on a roaster pan).  It's like this mitt was designed as though the only thing anyone uses an oven mitt for is to take hot cookie sheets out of the oven. I decided not to give it one star ONLY because it does a good job of insulating your hand from high temperatures.  I strongly suggest that if you are considering purchasing this OXO mitt, you should go to a store and try it on first to see what you think about the design. 
 I bought this pan as a Christmas gift for my husband.  It would have been easier if I had just put a match to my money and burned it.  He has given up using this pan.  He even read the directions thinking he was doing something wrong.  Every egg he placed in it stuck to the side of the teflon rings.  What a shame.  The only use would be to throw the rings away and just use it as a regular pan.  Don't waste your money
 As of today August 19, I have not received anything on this plan. No paperwork,no backorder....NOTHING !!! I think maybe it's just a rip-off
 We have had ours less than one year and we hate it for all the reasons everyone else have listed.  It doesn't toast evenly etc.  Don't buy it
 This unit from Cooking.com is made from China.  Consider it to be a disposable unit.  The threads on it are worthless.  I got one single use out of them.  I thought it to be a fluke.  Ordered another one.  Same thing.  Frustrated!  I located a German Made Cast Iron Rosette Iron online, from another reviewer.  There is a world of differences, between the $10.00 China junk knockoff and the German made one.  It is my opinion that the German Rosette Iron is worth every penny!  The German Made Cast Iron Rosette will no doubt be handed down for generations to come.  The threads alone are worth the higher price; however the quality is significantly noticeable.  The German made set is a much heavier set than the China made set from Cooking.com.  It is my opinion that it is worth your time to do a bit more research than for settling for this Chinese knockoff.  Don't get me wrong - they are still better than Aluminum any day of the week - but if you have ever owned an Alfred Andresen & Co Cast Iron Rosette set - you'll instantly know what I am talking about.  
 I am very disappointed in this product.  I followed all the "mfgs. directions" on how to keep this board in great shape but it didn't matter. the board bowed and cracked after about 2 months (30 days over the Amazon warranty of course....)  it's so badly curved we are waiting for it to turn into a sphere.
 Assembling and disassembling this piece of equipment would discourage a person from ever using this item.  It is far too complicated and has too many pieces that have to be washed each time it is used and then put back together again.  One can expect to spend about 30 minutes to disassemble and reassemble the unit while following the assembly guide. In addition to that drawback, there isn't anything that should be placed in a dishwasher, so it has to be hand-washed and hand dried. An osterizer would be a much simpler and better choice!!!
 I purchased this egg cooker specifically for poaching 2 eggs. I used large, farm-fresh eggs. Whatever combination of water and timing I tried, I never got a perfectly cooked poached egg. The Cuisinart instruction book is confusing in its layout - specifically page 5. I called Cuisinart and after much back and forth, it was determined the eggs I used were too large and the directions were for MEDIUM-sized eggs. If considering this machine, be aware you might have to sacrifice the eggs you want to eat.
 The Cuisinart egg cooker:- over/under cook the eggs according to its measuring cup- plastic tray deforms after it's heated (and stays deformed)- the metal cover burns your hand- is $10 more expensive than the Krups 230-70 Egg Express Egg Cooker, which is a much better product than Cuisinar
 This stunning slice of kitchen couture is undoubtedly a tactile and aesthetic dream - built with quality materials like real metal (not silvery plastic), and sporting a sophisticated, drop-dead gorgeous retro appeal.  It looks equally as impressive in the hippest New York loft kitchens as it does on the shelves of Williams-Sonoma. This stunning slice of kitchen couture is undoubtedly a tactile and aesthetic dream - built with quality materials like real metal (not silvery plastic), and sporting a sophisticated, drop-dead gorgeous retro appeal.  It looks equally as impressive in the hippest New York loft kitchens as it does on the shelves of Williams-Sonoma. However, as is the case when function follows form, this is a horrible blender.  Don't get me wrong - I'm more than willing to forgive a modicum of piss-poor functionality if the design is attractive enough to render the former irrelevant.  But quite frankly, this blender is beyond bad.However, as is the case when function follows form, this is a horrible blender.  Don't get me wrong - I'm more than willing to forgive a modicum of piss-poor functionality if the design is attractive enough to render the former irrelevant.  But quite frankly, this blender is beyond bad.Most unfortunate is the blender's propensity to splash everywhere - even when the user deliberately reinforces the lid onto the jar by hand.  It seems to make little difference how much or what type of liquid one is mixing; it inevitably overflows with explosive fervor.  I suspect that the unit's quasi-industrial motor may be a contributing factor; it only supports two speeds: off, and jet-cyclonic.  While I admit that the minimalist toggle switch is profoundly chic in its own right, the consequences of omitting ramp-up speeds are overbearing, consistently messy, predictably inconvenient, and potentially dangerous (as liquid tends to flow liberally into the motor housing).  The irregular cloverleaf shaped jar also seems to play a role in splattering liquids upward; and the blender's poorly-sealed lid does little to stop it from overflowing in dramatic fashion.  In fact, this blender splashes so profusely that it's nearly unusable.Most unfortunate is the blender's propensity to splash everywhere - even when the user deliberately reinforces the lid onto the jar by hand.  It seems to make little difference how much or what type of liquid one is mixing; it inevitably overflows with explosive fervor.  I suspect that the unit's quasi-industrial motor may be a contributing factor; it only supports two speeds: off, and jet-cyclonic.  While I admit that the minimalist toggle switch is profoundly chic in its own right, the consequences of omitting ramp-up speeds are overbearing, consistently messy, predictably inconvenient, and potentially dangerous (as liquid tends to flow liberally into the motor housing).  The irregular cloverleaf shaped jar also seems to play a role in splattering liquids upward; and the blender's poorly-sealed lid does little to stop it from overflowing in dramatic fashion.  In fact, this blender splashes so profusely that it's nearly unusable.It's too bad, because superficially, this blender really is quite the objet d'art.  But when it comes to meeting the minimum requirements for acceptable performance, it has a long way to go - even in comparison to a $29 Oster.  It's too bad, because superficially, this blender really is quite the objet d'art.  But when it comes to meeting the minimum requirements for acceptable performance, it has a long way to go - even in comparison to a $29 Oster.  If I had to summarize this blender as accurately, succinctly, and fairly as possible, I'd distill it down to one word - "regrettable."
 "Warring" has a high reputation for being a powerful blender. I purchased because of its reputation. But it turned out to be actually not that powerful and may not be as powerful as the one I had before which only costed $30. So I asked myself why bothered to replace it when the new one, "Warring", in fact does not really break ice any better than the cheap ones. "Warring" has a high reputation for being a powerful blender. I purchased because of its reputation. But it turned out to be actually not that powerful and may not be as powerful as the one I had before which only costed $30. So I asked myself why bothered to replace it when the new one, "Warring", in fact does not really break ice any better than the cheap ones. "Warring" has a high reputation for being a powerful blender. I purchased because of its reputation. But it turned out to be actually not that powerful and may not be as powerful as the one I had before which only costed $30. So I asked myself why bothered to replace it when the new one, "Warring", in fact does not really break ice any better than the cheap ones. 
 This steamer sucks. Puts white goo all over the outside of unit and on counter. Wish I didn't buy it
 We lived in Asia for five years and we eat a lot of rice.  In Asia we owned a very cheap rice cooker that worked perfectly well (but different voltage).  When we returned to the USA, I purchased the cuisinart 8-cup rice cooker (CRC-800) thinking I was getting "top of the line."  It made such an enormous mess every time we used it, so I called cuisnart to find out if somehow (despite meticulous reading of the instructions) we were doing something wrong.  No, it seemed we were doing everything correctly.  So we tried a few more times, and then in exasperation returned the rice cooker for a new one.  We thought given the generally good quality of cuisinart appliances, this one must be defective.  Well the new one does the same thing!  I give up.  Enough of the messes.  I got so frustrated I sent cuisinart a picture.  C'mon this is not high-tech stuff!  Get it right or take it off the market
 I would have to say that amazon gave me a good deal and  immediate delivery.I would have to say that amazon gave me a good deal and  immediate delivery.Unfortunatly i had to return this item .  I havent been satisfied because the heating element heats up on the top rather than where it has to heat up. After ironing I  could still see a lot of creases. They dont mention about the base being a wood plank either. I have used a Simplicity machine earlier and hence i know the quality of steam press but this machine is a waste of time and money. I would rather buy a normal iron to this or pay extra and buy a better one. But this is just my opinion
 Do not waste your time in purchasing this product.  At first, I thought this would be a great kitchen gadget for making small cones for my kids or when I just want a little treat, but I was wrong.  The manufacture didn't think that as soon as the waffles are done, you have to be quick and roll the waffles into cones for it too cool.  Well, instead of making one, you have to roll three in enough time before it cools.  I tried numerous times to roll each one quickly as possible, but by the second one the third waffle is cooled and has not had the chance to be rolled up into a cone.  It really is not smart for the manufacture to sell this product, unless it comes with three cone makers to wrap the waffle in.  And, to state that you need three people to make it or it will not work.  Do not bother purchasing this product, unless you are an expert cone maker.  I did, however, went ahead and purchased the regular sized cone maker.  It is hard to perfect the perfect cone without having a hole at the bottom, but at least I have time to wrap up one cone at a time without having it cool on me to quickly.  Also, the petite cone waffle maker is rediculously too small to try to wrap.  It really is a waste of energy.  You could put batter in only one of the cone indentions, and do it one by one if its what you are looking for.  That could work.  All in all, personally it wasn't worth my time and money spent on the thing
 The item was not what I expected.  The description said metal but it should have said "Tin"
 Cuisinart does not stand behind their products. We purchased a 10 pc set and after using the 1 � qt pan only once it formed a bubble on the bottom of the pan causing the pan not to lay flat on the stove. This actually renders the pan useless as it does not evenly disperse the heat and takes forever to even heat up.Cuisinart does not stand behind their products. We purchased a 10 pc set and after using the 1 � qt pan only once it formed a bubble on the bottom of the pan causing the pan not to lay flat on the stove. This actually renders the pan useless as it does not evenly disperse the heat and takes forever to even heat up.Upon notifying Cuisinart of the problem this is the response we got:Upon notifying Cuisinart of the problem this is the response we got: "Thank you for your reply. The cookware does have a limited lifetime warranty against anymanufacturing defects. However, if the pot has been over heated or damagedin any way it would not be covered under warranty.  You may send the iteminto us for an evaluation. You may send it to the following address listedbelow, with a check or money order for $7.00 return shipping and we willevaluate the cookware for you: Cuisinart Corporation150 Milford RoadEast Windsor, NJ 08520Thank you for your use and interest in Cuisinart products. Very truly yours,Ann MarieCuisinart Representative"Cuisinart Representative"Cuisinart Representative"Cuisinart Representative"Why should I have to pay for shipping their defective product?The cost of shipping the product just to have it "evaluated" makes it a wiser choice to just forget the warranty and buy a new one. However the wisest choice would be to steer clear of this company's products altogether. By the way the pan was only used to boil some eggs.Why should I have to pay for shipping their defective product?The cost of shipping the product just to have it "evaluated" makes it a wiser choice to just forget the warranty and buy a new one. However the wisest choice would be to steer clear of this company's products altogether. By the way the pan was only used to boil some eggs.
 I researched a lot before buying this slow cooker. I have a Nesco roaster that I love and use often. I needed a large slow cooker. I started researching. Started out with the all clad but everyone said it got really hot. I wanted a good one. The Cuisinart had good ratings elsewhere and I thought well even it cooks faster that is fine. I will just watch it until I get used to it and go from there. Every dish I have watched..they all cooked in LESS than half the allotted time. Today I made a crock pot mac and cheese casserole and it burned within ONE HOUR. Way too hot. I called Cuisinart several times and they said I may have a defective unit. Well I doubt it. I just think it runs hot. I really was dismayed because I love the size and the design of this cooker. Really was not up to par with Cuisinart products that I know and love. I researched a lot before buying this slow cooker. I have a Nesco roaster that I love and use often. I needed a large slow cooker. I started researching. Started out with the all clad but everyone said it got really hot. I wanted a good one. The Cuisinart had good ratings elsewhere and I thought well even it cooks faster that is fine. I will just watch it until I get used to it and go from there. Every dish I have watched..they all cooked in LESS than half the allotted time. Today I made a crock pot mac and cheese casserole and it burned within ONE HOUR. Way too hot. I called Cuisinart several times and they said I may have a defective unit. Well I doubt it. I just think it runs hot. I really was dismayed because I love the size and the design of this cooker. Really was not up to par with Cuisinart products that I know and love. Let me also say that I am a good cook. I feel that I know my way around any appliance. I was not happy that I was not going to be able to leave this cooker all day but I was ok to give it a try. It is not at all what I expected. I read the other reviews here and wish I would have taken heed of them. I had read good reviews elsewhere and saw two articles in magazines on this cooker being the best. Let me also say that I am a good cook. I feel that I know my way around any appliance. I was not happy that I was not going to be able to leave this cooker all day but I was ok to give it a try. It is not at all what I expected. I read the other reviews here and wish I would have taken heed of them. I had read good reviews elsewhere and saw two articles in magazines on this cooker being the best. If you are going to spend 100 bucks on a slow cooker, stop, get one of the higher end rival ones with a timer and then get a nesco roaster. You can cook anything all summer without heating up your kitchen.If you are going to spend 100 bucks on a slow cooker, stop, get one of the higher end rival ones with a timer and then get a nesco roaster. You can cook anything all summer without heating up your kitchen.
 Mine didn't hold up either. For what I paid for it, I expected more. One I picked up for around twenty is doing a much better job and lasted through more than four uses.
 I have gone through 2 of these now and both ceramic inserts have cracked in the same place!  Cuisinart customer service is not interested in replacing the inserts even though I have only used it 2 times before they cracked and were unusable.  I had to send the pot back for replacement and the replacement had the same trouble.  I have gone through 2 of these now and both ceramic inserts have cracked in the same place!  Cuisinart customer service is not interested in replacing the inserts even though I have only used it 2 times before they cracked and were unusable.  I had to send the pot back for replacement and the replacement had the same trouble.  My cheap Rival crockpot that I had for years before I purchased this one never had problems or I would think that this was operator error.  I was really looking forward to using this because I love all my other Cuisinart products but I am going today to purchase a nice, inexpensive, reliable Rival crockpot.
 I own many Circulon products, but most of which are under the Circulon 2 line. So when this 2 pack became available, I went ahead and purchased it. I have only used it to cook eggs on and I must say, I was sorely disappointed by the results. Not only did my eggs stick, but I used quite a bit of oil on the 2nd batch to make sure they wouldn't stick, but they still stuck. My Circulon 2 skillet makes far better eggs than this non-stick version and doesn't stick! I own many Circulon products, but most of which are under the Circulon 2 line. So when this 2 pack became available, I went ahead and purchased it. I have only used it to cook eggs on and I must say, I was sorely disappointed by the results. Not only did my eggs stick, but I used quite a bit of oil on the 2nd batch to make sure they wouldn't stick, but they still stuck. My Circulon 2 skillet makes far better eggs than this non-stick version and doesn't stick! I'm not sure what I can use these skillets for now since my main intentions were for fish, eggs and items which have a tendency to stick to the pan. It also left a horrible look on the eggs like the kind on eggs cooked with a Teflon pan without oil even though I used quite a bit of oil.I'm not sure what I can use these skillets for now since my main intentions were for fish, eggs and items which have a tendency to stick to the pan. It also left a horrible look on the eggs like the kind on eggs cooked with a Teflon pan without oil even though I used quite a bit of oil.Highly disappointed and will not purchase the Circulon Elite line again
 After using my 3 new Circulon pots and lids for only 2 or 3 months, all the Circulon lids have broken plastic handles, including the lid for this 3 quart sauce pan. First noticed the problem when I got gouged by the broken plastic, I saw that all three Circulon lids showed big chunks of plastic off the underside of the plastic handles.  I am very careful and do not own a dishwasher. Next, I saw that two of the faulty handles now had big chuncks off BOTH ends of the plastic handles. All the breakage occured where the plastic 'cool' handle attaches to the metal part of the handle. Just today, when I removed the hot lid from my Toss and Turn pan, the black plastic totally came loose from the metal part of the handle! Only fast dancing saved me from this big hot lid falling on my feet.  But at last I saw the FLAW. Instead of these lids having a complete metal handle that is covered with the plastic for cool handling, the metal part only goes up an inch to meet the plastic. The black plastic only overlaps the metal part for A SCANT HALF INCH OR SO, causing the more sturdy metal part to undermine the plastic, and eventually causing the chipped plastic to separate from the metal with use. The lids are subjected to steam and heat on a daily basis, so no wonder the plastic broke off, the plastic has no backing. It is just carelessly and poorly attached to less than a half inch of the metal that is attached to the lid. This poorly conceived construction is why the handle broke away entirely after the plastic was chipped, A full metal handle covered with plastic would have been nice for the money spent and prevented the accident where the handle completely separated from the chipped plastic. There is no metal supporting that plastic folks. My enthusiasm for the Circulon was originally quite high, but now that I have lidless pots after less than 90 days, I'm pretty unhappy! This chipping happened to 3 out of 3 lids! AND the Toss and Turn lid is almost as expensive as the Toss and Turn pan! Now, after less than 90 days I must send in the Toss and Turn lid and my 2 smaller lids with chipped handles that go with the sauce pans. Because the Toss and Turn handle separated and broke away, this is not merely a cosmetic matter. Even before the lid handle broke entirely, the broken handles were uncomfortable to use with those sharp broken plastic edges digging into my fingers. Sending these lids back will leave me ill equiped in the kitchen after all the money spent to be well equiped. Further, I doubt their replacements will be any better, and they will probably need replacement every 90 days! Much as I love the Circulon pans, these lids make them a bad purchase. I would not buy this product again. Hopefully this review will help you make a good decision about Circulon pans and their bad lids
 I own 3 other Malibu Shores comforter sets and I just love it with no problem.  But, with this particular set I'm so disappointed with the quality of the material is poor, the areas where two materials were sewn together is tearing apart, and the stitchings are coming apart in many different parts of the comforter.  Not to mention the padding is already separating after two weeks of usage
 This set looks gr8 only in the foto. In reality, it has a very dull look. Not worth buying. I got 2 queen sets and greatly disappointed with this purchase from Amazon! Price is cheap, so is the quality of the Comforter set!
 I should have simply repaired our old toaster that worked well, and reliably, for eight years.  Too busy, first I bought a Braun toaster (looked great, had major problems actually toasting), then I bought this Krup toaster, and guess what, it looks great but has trouble actually toasting.  Starting with the first piece of toast all is well (hence two stars instead of one).  However, after the toaster is warmed up, the timing/heat regulation becomes totally useless.  You have to toast, toast again, toast again.  Fancy digital count-down-timer doesn't help much at that point!  In researching toasters, did I mention I should have repaired my old toaster when it broke, I read a review where it was suggested that 'toasters have been around a hundred years, it can't be that hard!'  I thought it funny at the time, but having now spent over $150 on two worthless toasters I find myself saying "toasters have been around for over a 100 years, it can't be that hard!"  I hope Braun and/or Krup don't make medical devices or we are in trouble.
 I put a fairly warm pound cake on the bottom of the cake keeper---apparently too warm. Cracks developed from opposite edges and met in the middle,creating a separation and thereby rendering the keeper useless
 Just purchased this blender & am returning it immediately. It has a number of terrible  features: it's very difficult to remove the cover if you have carpal tunnel, arthritis, or weak hands. To change speeds you turn a dial (as opposed to the buttons on most others), which makes for rough transitions. Moreover, the dial feels very flimsy and I doubt this machine will last. I purchased this model because I thought its premium price would mean a premium product, but from the plastic gears to the flimsy dial, to the impossible-to-open cover, I hate it. Will go back to either an Oster or Waring, both of which served me well, each for over 10 years.
 I wish I had read the review by Mary Twain before purchasing the Pro Form Rose Bundt.  Because it was made by Nordic Ware, I thought it would be the same as the cast aluminum but it's not.  Don't be fooled b/c the cake will not look like a rose.  The pan is more shallow & the ring is bigger than the cast aluminum.  Since I only paid $9.99 for this, I didn't want to waste paying for shipping to get a refund
 Buyer beware!  The item pictured is not what you will get!  It contains the same information, but it is formatted differently.  I asked for a replacement, asking for what is pictured and received the incorrect one again.Buyer beware!  The item pictured is not what you will get!  It contains the same information, but it is formatted differently.  I asked for a replacement, asking for what is pictured and received the incorrect one again.What I received was smaller, about 5"x 3" whereas the image looks taller (about 4").  It was stainless steel as advertised.  The information was listed in a grid, similar to a spreadsheet.  Everything was written in CAPS which make it very hard to read (there is actually studies confirming this).  Based on the image on the website, the information is the same, but the image lays out the information so it is easier and faster to find what you are looking for.What I received was smaller, about 5"x 3" whereas the image looks taller (about 4").  It was stainless steel as advertised.  The information was listed in a grid, similar to a spreadsheet.  Everything was written in CAPS which make it very hard to read (there is actually studies confirming this).  Based on the image on the website, the information is the same, but the image lays out the information so it is easier and faster to find what you are looking for.If the formatting is not an issue for you, then these are great.  I however have bad eye sight and the bigger and more spread out the text, the better!  Had I received what was pictured, I would have given it 5 stars.If the formatting is not an issue for you, then these are great.  I however have bad eye sight and the bigger and more spread out the text, the better!  Had I received what was pictured, I would have given it 5 stars.I suspect that what I received was the older model and amazon.com is simply getting rid of the older items first.  
 You get what you paid for.  Nice pattern, but the bedding is somewhat rough to the touch.  Wouldn't give it as a gift
 To start with, the one-star rating is actually for the customer service department.  When it works, the product itself is fine.  To start with, the one-star rating is actually for the customer service department.  When it works, the product itself is fine.  I bought the unit last Christmas and used it frequently until early summer.  At that time it began functioning only intermittently, then soon quit altogether.  Tilia assurred me that it was covered under a one-year warranty, that it would be replaced, and that I needn't return the original unit.  Our next call was prompted by its failure to arrive in a reasonable time.  We were told that they had no replacements, it was back-ordered, and would arrive within several weeks.  When it didn't, I called again and was told that the replacements had arrived and would be shipping soon.  Our next call yielded the information that the replacements had NOT arrived afterall and that Tilia had no idea when they would.  The saga continues...I bought the unit last Christmas and used it frequently until early summer.  At that time it began functioning only intermittently, then soon quit altogether.  Tilia assurred me that it was covered under a one-year warranty, that it would be replaced, and that I needn't return the original unit.  Our next call was prompted by its failure to arrive in a reasonable time.  We were told that they had no replacements, it was back-ordered, and would arrive within several weeks.  When it didn't, I called again and was told that the replacements had arrived and would be shipping soon.  Our next call yielded the information that the replacements had NOT arrived afterall and that Tilia had no idea when they would.  The saga continues...Get a food saver--but from another company rather than Tili
 We raved about making panini's. Introduced many of our friends to them. Then it died without warning in the middle of dinner. We paid $80 for the thing too
 We used our beloved panini maker probably once a month or so for about a year, but it died without warning, and way too soon
 Thankyou for the reviews about quality.  I wanted to share with krups why I wouldn't buy there panini maker.  But when I tried to email customer service it was to complicated to let them know.  I also read there warranty and it appears your grills should be covered under one year.  But of course it adds at there discretion.  I am still deciding which to get but cuisinart has a 3 year warranty
 Very noisy and takes too long to brew.  Boxed it up to return but I misplaced the packing slip.  Will keep using mom's very old Corelle electric percolator
 This item turned to rust after the first use.  I do not recommend this product
 The soap shoots straight out of the pump and can go about three feet.  (Children would love this feature.)  You have to hold your hand awkwardly in front of the spout to keep the soap in your hand or pick up the pump and pump it directly into your palm.  Also the pump sticks and has to be pulled up manually.  You cannot use this pump with one hand - not good for kitchen use
 I had one a few months ago.  When I filled in water, the water just passed the filter quickly. I was not sure if the water is filtered.  One day, I wanted to clean it.  I put it in hot water for about 10 minutes.  The pitcher was out of shape and I had to discard it.  I believe the pitcher was made from cheap materials.  I sent  an email to the custom no service of Brita.  I got no response.  I will not buy Brita products any longer
 I also tried some cotton Wamsutta sheets from Bed Bath, and Beyond and they pilled the first time I washed them.  I was able to return them to the store, but it was a waste of time.  I wouldn't recommend these sheets or any Wamsutta sheets because I think they're poor quality
 did not fit the pot I needed it for.  too much money for shipping on small item to justify sending back. 
 I purchased this knife, and when it arrived, the package said, "Not recommended for left-handers."  If Henckels chooses to design only for right-handed people, that's their right, but they should disclose it clearly.  Second, [Amazon.com] should include such information in their editorial review.  I'm left-handed, and I'll add this to my can opener and vegetable peeler as one-way kitchen gadgets
 The waffle baker (formerly waffle iron) works great. Make that 'worked great.' For an entire month, then it died. It was, of course, under warranty. No problem, we were told, we will ship a new one to your door.The waffle baker (formerly waffle iron) works great. Make that 'worked great.' For an entire month, then it died. It was, of course, under warranty. No problem, we were told, we will ship a new one to your door.Great! we thought. That was three months ago. The latest is the honchos see no reason to hurry(!) our replacement. Customer service is hoping -- not guaranteeing, not promising, but hoping -- we will get our replacement in mid-January.Great! we thought. That was three months ago. The latest is the honchos see no reason to hurry(!) our replacement. Customer service is hoping -- not guaranteeing, not promising, but hoping -- we will get our replacement in mid-January.If, and it is a very big 'if', we get our replacement in January, that will make the score 5 to 1 against us. For six months they will have had our money, and for one month of the six we will have had a functioning waffle baker.If, and it is a very big 'if', we get our replacement in January, that will make the score 5 to 1 against us. For six months they will have had our money, and for one month of the six we will have had a functioning waffle baker.It would seem that it is difficult to do much worse than buy a waffle baker that dies after a month with no replacement on the horizon.It would seem that it is difficult to do much worse than buy a waffle baker that dies after a month with no replacement on the horizon.Great when it works, but it doesn't work, so how many stars is it really worth? 2? 1? None? A negative number?Great when it works, but it doesn't work, so how many stars is it really worth? 2? 1? None? A negative number?And it really was a great toy. Drat!
 I spent several hours searching &amp; researching rice cookers trying to find one that was designed specifically for brown rice. I finally decided on this one because it specifically mentioned brown rice, and had brown rice &quot;measurements&quot; which are different than for regular white rice. I am disappointed. First of all, the manual recommends NOT using the &quot;keep warm&quot; function when using brown rice. This means you have to unplug the machine when the cooking cycle is over. This defeats the purpose of an automatic rice cooker. But even this drawback might be acceptable if it did a good job of cooking brown rice properly. It does not. It is either too wet &amp; mushy, or too dry and burnt. We have been unable to cook a proper batch yet, after much experimentation with slightly more or less water, and using 3 different types of brown rice. Look elsewhere, and let me know if you find one that works properly with brown rice
 The other reviewer was luckier than I was. Mine warped immediately, which forced off the end pieces
 We registered for a set of 10 WMF utensils for our wedding.  They look great hanging in our kitchen and most all of the utensils are very functional.  However, we are now on our second scooper and it has broken now for the second time.  Its just not sturdy enough for its intended use...ice cream
 The first time I used it, the weld holding the scoop to the handle broke, leaving the scoop in the ice cream and the handle in my hand
 This product would not cut through a sweet potato.  It barely went through a piece of a regular potato.  While cutting through a potato it was bending and felt like it would break.  It's fairly cheap, but you get what you pay for.  I ended up using a knife instead.  It's your $8.99..
 I loved this iron until it died after owning it for a little over a year.  I bought this iron because Consumer Reports rated it #1. It was a great iron while it worked.  (I iron about once a week - sometimes twice a month.)  I've had irons last for years and I usually get rid of them because they lack the bells and whistles not because they fail to work. Black & Decker Customer Service acted like I was the only one whoever had a problem with one of their products and told me to go buy another iron because it was over a year old.  I'm sorry, but I think with light use, an iron should last more than a year.  Forget Black & Decker. I'm trying Rowenta or Bosch
 This unit simply does not do the job. Press makes irregular shaped tortillas and they CANNOT be easily removed from the wax paper. Better job can be done with 2 dinner plates. Save your money
 This is a cheap piece of junk.  The base won't communicate with the remote even after extensive review of directions and trying different channel selections as directed.  The plastic housings are so lightweight I don't think it'd survive ordinary outdoor use either.  Certianly not a drop off your grill.  Felt like I had to handle it gingerly so I didn't crush it with my hands.  This one is going back -Sorry AZ. 
 If the probe was not so fragile I'd give this unit 5 stars. The remote works well although I have had it lose contact with the sender if I was out in front of my house (my grill is on the back deck). This is a minor annoyance, but what really ticked me off was that the probe failed (indicating "HIGH" reading) in conditions where my MIU France unit keeps on going. Unfortunately the MIU France unit doesn't have the remote capability. I purchased about 5 extra probes for the Taylor unit directly from Taylor by mail. But within a few weeks several of those failed. I don't mind having to replace a probe once in a while but when you have to replace two in one cooking session it gets pretty annoying. I'd suggest staying away from this unit
 I LOVE to grill but I keep my grill a fair distance from my house while cooking so you can imagine the excitment I had in purchasing this item with the wireless transmitter.  First, it took more than 1/2 an hour to get the two pieces to communicate with each other.  Secondly, and worst of all, on just my second attempt using it I was watching my pork roast temperature from the comfort of my kitchen when the temperature value jumped to "HIGH".  I immediately went out to check it and the probe is DEAD!!!  There's no way to purchase a replacement probe so the whole thing is just a fancy kitchen timer!!  Taylor is NO HELP!
 This product is a disgrace. Nonstick is not one of its virtues, and those who are thinking of purchasing this waste of money should be forewarned. It is not even well designed for broiling with small openings for fat drainage that quickly clog up. I am honestly surprised that Amazon would allow such an unworthy product to be sold under its banner
 It looks like a Krups -- what with the stainless steel look and the fancy electronics, but, as a rice cooker, it does not  perform as expected.  The rice is passable but certainly not the best we've had - our very old National rice cooker produced better rice.  Also disappointing is the lack of a retractable electrical cord - winding the electrical cord around a chintzy metal cord holder (unstrategically located at the bottom of the cooker) gets old very quickly.  Lastly, the fancy electronic display is not very informative when cooking rice.  (It may be more helpful when using the appliance as a slow cooker - but we thought we were buying a rice cooker.)It looks like a Krups -- what with the stainless steel look and the fancy electronics, but, as a rice cooker, it does not  perform as expected.  The rice is passable but certainly not the best we've had - our very old National rice cooker produced better rice.  Also disappointing is the lack of a retractable electrical cord - winding the electrical cord around a chintzy metal cord holder (unstrategically located at the bottom of the cooker) gets old very quickly.  Lastly, the fancy electronic display is not very informative when cooking rice.  (It may be more helpful when using the appliance as a slow cooker - but we thought we were buying a rice cooker.)Bottom line: it looks like a Krups, does not perform like one, and, with all its good looks, is decidedly un-ergonomic in its design.  A disappointment.  If we could, we'd return it.
 All the airbake products I have used thus far have proven awful over time. After only several uses, cookies stick (even after religious greasing of the sheet) and the sheets are impossible to clean without scratching or rubbing off the surface. Now I have to place a silpat on top to save myself the headache. I'd save my money and spend it on a heavier duty, higher quality baking sheet.
 AirBake products are horrible! I have used the cookie sheets multiple times and I have had nothing but problems. There products over-brown everything you cook and the food sticks no matter how well you grease the pans. I have better luck using my old cheap non-stick bakeware than AirBake. Buyer beware! If you do choose to buy this brand of products grease the pans generously and cut the bake time and oven temperature
 The Fiestaware Scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous.  The handle is much too small for this size mug.  If you can get your finger through the small hole, your finger will soon be as scarlet as the Fiestaware.  The first and only time my family used these mugs, two of us burned ourselves.  The Fiestaware Scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous.  The handle is much too small for this size mug.  If you can get your finger through the small hole, your finger will soon be as scarlet as the Fiestaware.  The first and only time my family used these mugs, two of us burned ourselves.  Fiestaware really screwed up on this one, a shame given the beauty of the Scarlet Fiestaware
 I love Vornado products but this doesn't qualify. Very little breeze. You have to turn the fan around to turn it off which means that about half the time I get whacked by the cloth blades. It should have a power switch on the cord instead. It's a trendy gadget that will only please people who are not Vornado customers
 I encounter too much resistance when trying to pull towel out for tearing. There is so much resitance that the base moves, unless I perform the procedure with both hands.
 I read all of the reviews and thought this was the paper towel holder for me. Boy, was I wrong. It looked beautiful when it arrived and I couldn't wait to use it. Well, I put on my first roll of paper towels and pulled one off. The racheting system worked ok until it came towards the end of the roll. The racheting stopped and jammed and the paper towels ripped in half instead of where they were supposed to. I am going back to the old paper towel holders that just have a stick holding the roll and not a racheting whisk like bar. Jesh, all I want is a paper towel not aggravation. Which is what I got with this item
 I bought the VillaWare Double Smoothee maker and it was a problem from the moment I pulled it out of the box.  First, the silver lable was not glued on the product and wouldn't stick.  Next when I made the product using THEIR receipe it wouldn't dispense from the spout and the spout connecting to the blender leaked.  Tried calling the seller and emailing them about my problem and they wouldn't help.  I called the manufacture and since I bought it HERE from a vendor they would help.  So...now...its in the blender heaven of trash somewhere out there.  WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY.  THANK GOD FOR AMAZON'S ABC GUARANTEE!!
 This attachment vibrates so badly that it about bounces the food processor right off the counter.  I love the food processor but I regret having bought the juice extractor
 When I opened the box, I noticed corrosion on the lid.  When I contacted Rival customer service via email, they told me I had to purchase a new lid.  I called and spoke with a customer service representative and they told me that a lid was not covered under warranty.  When I explained that I just opened it and it was defective they told me to just return the product that there was nothing that they were going to do.  When I opened the box, I noticed corrosion on the lid.  When I contacted Rival customer service via email, they told me I had to purchase a new lid.  I called and spoke with a customer service representative and they told me that a lid was not covered under warranty.  When I explained that I just opened it and it was defective they told me to just return the product that there was nothing that they were going to do.  After being treated this way, I will NOT be purchasing any more Rival products if they don't stand behind their product!!!!!  VERY VERY poor customer service
 When I received this item it was packaged with the wrong power cord, which didn't fit the unit. So I wasn't even able to use this unit.
 I have tried and tried but the thing just makes weak coffee.I have tried and tried but the thing just makes weak coffee.I don't know how many different pods I have tried but the thing just can't make a strong cup. I have tried 2 pods - I have even tried making my own pods. If you try to jam too much coffee in it, it leaks and will try to pop it's head off.I don't know how many different pods I have tried but the thing just can't make a strong cup. I have tried 2 pods - I have even tried making my own pods. If you try to jam too much coffee in it, it leaks and will try to pop it's head off.I have not done the proper "priming" that folks have mentioned and I also have detected a bit of a metalic flavor so that may be associated with my lack of effort.I have not done the proper "priming" that folks have mentioned and I also have detected a bit of a metalic flavor so that may be associated with my lack of effort.Am going to try to return it because it is just too expensive to make a wimpy cupa joe
 My husband bought this machine because it was supposed to be fast and convenient, and with different schedules, easier to brew one cup at a time. It worked fine at first, but now after just 3 weeks it leaks hot water all over the counter. This has happened to both my husband and me so it's not bad technique on our parts. We follow directions exactly, but we keep having to stop it, open the lid, check the pods, reclose the lid and try again. This takes all the convenience out of it especially when you have to clean coffe puddles off your counter. This just isn't acceptable, but it's mostly plastic so probably to be expected. We have used other pods besides the Senseo pods (which don't produce good coffee) but that shouldn't be an issue as they're all the same size. Anyway, we're trashing it and have ordered the Bunn professional which will hopefully do a much better job. I'll let you know in a future review. My advice on this one is either don't buy it or if you do, based on other positive reviews, keep the box and the receipt so you can return it when it starts malfunctioning
 Given as a gift - same story: The fact that I primarily used high heat, it didn't last past 6 months. All-Clad said too bad after I emailed them, and called them several times leaving messages - took them 3 months to get back to me, and then that was it. I WILL NEVER BUY ALL-CLAD EVER AGAIN!!
 This item was ordered 1/4/06 it is now 2/25/06 and has not yet been shipped. Hard to rate the item, but for sure you can see the rating for delivery
 I purchased these pans based on my previous positive experiences with Calphalon cookware--have tons of it, but I experienced the same problem as two other reviewers--that is, the slumping in the middle.  I have been cooking for over 30 years and have never experienced this problem, especially since I have a new Kitchen-Aid convection oven.  Also, the &quot;non-stick&quot; is not so &quot;non-stick&quot;.   At their prices, I think they have a little work to do to meet other Calphalon products
 I am sorry to say that I was not satisfied with this pan at all!  The cakes I bake are browning, even burning on the edges BEFORE the middle is even done!  The edges are rising but the middle is &quot;slumping&quot; down.  I own the Calphalon cookware and that is nice but they have a STINKER in their bakeware.  My recommendation= Look at a different pan
 yes, it looks good in my blue kitchen. but the water doesn't pour cleanly out of the spout - it's more like uncontrollable spewing, even when "poured" slowly, and boiling water splashes all over the counter. also very difficult to fully empty. sorry I threw out the box, or I'd send back
 This toaster at the lowest setting of 1 burns my toast.  It also burned one side of a frozen bagel when I put it on defrost.This toaster at the lowest setting of 1 burns my toast.  It also burned one side of a frozen bagel when I put it on defrost.Further, when plugged in, the dial is lit up by a red light.  It makes me feel like the toaster is on, and needs to be turned off.  I have to keep reminding myself that it is okay.  If I can find the box, I'll probably return it.  Maybe I just got a dud, since most reviews here are goo
 I have been grinding my own coffee beans every morning for many years and have gone through quite a few different grinders.  I have always loved  Cuisinart products and was very excited to purchase this one, what a mistake!  The grinder itself is really noisy and heavy for it's size. The coffee grinds are never fine enough for my liking and they get stuck up inside the plastic top, making a huge mess and wasting a lot of coffee.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS ONE!!
 I was excited to upgrade to this coffee grinder after years of using a cheap Krups model, and I have to say that I am very disappointed with the way this machine grinds coffee. It takes way too long to grind, whether pulsing or grinding continuously. And then the grounds are very uneven. Although the manufacturer says it is grinding slowly to keep the flavor in, every coffee expert I've consulted with says the longer coffee grinds, the more it heats up and the more flavor is lost. Even after long grinding, there are large pieces of bean still visible. I was also excited about the machine's detachable bowl, which does make for easy cleaning. But only of the bowl. The rest of the machine is a pain to clean and no matter how carefully you remove the top, your counter is covered in grounds. I bought a second bowl so that I could grind spices in the same machine, and I think the coffee grinder works better on spices and seeds (such as flax) than it does on coffee. But you still have to clean the entire thing before reusing it, or your spices have a strong coffee flavor from the grounds that are stuck to the protective case. (That plastic case does make grinding quieter, however.) All in all I'm quite disappointed with this purchase. I should have gone farther upscale and gotten a more serious burn grinder, or stuck with my cheap Krups with the slanted bowl base which made even grounds quickly.
 Cuisinart is one manufacturer that has capitalized on its brand name and produced this inferior product. My criticisms of this machine: 1.  Its heavy and relatively large. It is awkward to place in and remove from a cabinet, and so it remains on the counter top where it takes up precious real estate with its large footprint. 2.  It's slow.  With its weight, you would think the grinder would have a powerful motor that would quickly grind coffee.  It does not.  It takes a very long time to grind the coffee.3.  The grind is uneven and actually clumps.  The grind is fine at the bottom and course and clumpy at the top.  The finely ground coffee sticks to the bottom of the bowl below the blade. I must use a finger to remove the ground  coffee or pound the bowel against the palm of my other hand. Pulsing makes no difference.  Grinding a full bowl improves the performance somewhat. Yet, grinding beans for up to minute still does not produce a grind fine enough for even a cone filter.  Espresso is out of the question.  4.  I invariably spill ground coffee on the counter top no matter how carefully I remove the lid.  Although the grinder looks cool with its stainless steel finish and it has a larger bowl than most blade grinders, those two alone do not even come close to overcoming its other deficiencies. Surely there must be better blade coffee grinders on the market
 The 4-cup coffee press is in actuality just 2 cups. The number of ounces is not listed in the sales blurb... What we wanted was 4 cups at 8 ounces each. The 4-cup coffee press is just a bit over 16 ounces. While it says so on the lid of the box it came in, the ounce-capacity is not in the Amazon listing. ...So we returned it..
 The replacement filters for the SV726 do not fit and are not the same shape as the filter that came with the Shark Vac
 50% of the bags leak.  The plastic is thin and rips easily.  Don't even think about using these for uder the bed storage.  The bags will get tears on them if you just breate on them heavy. 
 This product was horrible. I ordered a queen size and expected a huge box to arrive carrying such.  However, it was so small that a pair of shoes could have fit in it.  When I took the featherbed out of the box, it was terribly thin.  I currently have a featherbed and it is nice and fluffy.  This item unfortunately felt as though I was simply lying on a blanket.
 it's 54.99 in last week, I'll wait till the price drop bac
 The only thing I do not like of this pitcher is its lid. The lid is not quite sealed so that the water could leak from the back and wet your sleeve. Even worse, sometimes the lid fell off. You have to be careful while using it. Not recommend
 I used a West Bend Triple timer for about 25 years and was well satisfied with it. It had a loud alarm. The new model has a clock (not very useful), a stop watch function (moderately useful) and a triple timer function (fairly useful). Unfortunately the timer functions are more difficult to set than on the older unit. The alarm is very weak, very difficult for me to hear. I am looking for another alarm.
 I saw the 3-star reviews here, but decided to ignore them as this pan was on sale for a very good price.  That was a big mistake.I saw the 3-star reviews here, but decided to ignore them as this pan was on sale for a very good price.  That was a big mistake.1.  The first problem is with the size of the muffin cups -- they are significantly more shallow than in a typical mini-muffin pan.  1.  The first problem is with the size of the muffin cups -- they are significantly more shallow than in a typical mini-muffin pan.  2.  The silicone warped from the heat while in the oven, spilling the meager contents of the tiny cups over the edges, making flat, crooked, ugly muffins.2.  The silicone warped from the heat while in the oven, spilling the meager contents of the tiny cups over the edges, making flat, crooked, ugly muffins.3. The silicone did not release the muffins easily.  I did spray it with nonstick spray before filling, and allowed the muffins to cool completely before I tried to get them out.  3. The silicone did not release the muffins easily.  I did spray it with nonstick spray before filling, and allowed the muffins to cool completely before I tried to get them out.  I didn't even bother to try and wash it, so I don't have any comment about the ease of washing.  I won't be wasting any more time and ingredients in it, so I threw it away.  I wish I could get my money back.  This is not the quality you would expect from KitchenAid
 If I could give no stars for this, I would. I've been using electric skillets for more years then I care to say. I love cooking with them and when my last one simply wore out from so much use, I bought this one. What a mistake. After only minimal use, the middle of the pan began to burn extra hot and all the food was sticking and burning. Then the coating began to peel from the pan. The middle began to buldge slightly so the surface was not flat for even frying. What a nightmare!! This pan was less then two months old! And I do know how to treat and cook with electric skillets - just in case you were thinking I did something to cause this. I have never been so disappointed in a product before. However, it did have a new place in our home - the trash can. Guess I should have read the reviews first. Now that was my mistake!!
 I'm an old hand with kettles, I thought I'd give this one to my spouse for our anniversary, but it was a bit of a dud. When the kettle was ready to boil the lid would fall down, steam would go everywhere. And it would often take ages to turn itself off. Looked great but...Think I'm going to get the braun instead
 After 5 washings, these towels still shed like a mother. Grrr
 When I received this coffee maker, it worked long enough for me to run water through it to clean it out, then then heating element stopped working.  It took numerous calls to Braun, then of course I had to pack it up and ship it off.  Several weeks later it was returned to me and once again, it worked one time.  Again, it took several phone calls and I had to pack it up and send it off again.  I received a new unit that does indeed heat up, but has several other problems.  The drip shut-off mechanism stopped working after a couple weeks, the permanent filter allows grounds to get into the coffee, and if one uses a paper filter, it tends to overflow the filter basket.  This is the worst coffee maker I've ever owned
 We have a full line of Fiesta dishware and thought having the matching flatware would be nice. After a year of standard use and dishwashing, about 1/3 of the flatware is unusable. The upside is that it is cheap and replaceable. But count me among those who would rather pay more for something that lasts. We are in the process of ditching the Fiesta flatware line and moving to something more robust. We have a full line of Fiesta dishware and thought having the matching flatware would be nice. After a year of standard use and dishwashing, about 1/3 of the flatware is unusable. The upside is that it is cheap and replaceable. But count me among those who would rather pay more for something that lasts. We are in the process of ditching the Fiesta flatware line and moving to something more robust. PROS: Retro Stylish. Inexpensive compared to quality flatware.CONS: Very poorly made, Expensive if you need to replace 1/3 of flatware ever year
 The pepper lid seemed a little loose and I worried that it would fall off, dumping pepper everywhere. I probably would have kept them anyway because they are nice looking and a decent price, but I couldn't get the lid off the salt shaker at all
 I ended up giving it to Salvation Army. Takes more than one cake mix. More like 1 and a half to fill it up. I didn't think it was worth the money.
 Look, the product plainly reads "Oster Blender Blade with Gasket" and the package that was delivered is titled "Processing Unit with Sealing Ring".  The blade was in the package but there was no sealing ring/gasket to be found.  I'm sure there is the possibility that I got the one defective package off the line but what kind of quality assurance is that?!  I'm not telling anyone to buy or not buy this product but just be aware that you may have a problem.  I now need to buy a whole separate gasket which maybe costs all of $1.50 and will pay shipping of probably $3. 
 This product will not work with home vacuum sealers that use a textured bag. This is a thin plastic sheet on a roll.  You have to cut, fold and seal the sides of the plastic sheet.
 This gadget is better than nothing as a sink strainer ( unlike the  miserable Sinktastic, which I find hopelessly misdesigned) but it's still far inferior to any good stainless steel mesh strainer. (Do a web search for "sink mesh strainer".) This one slides around on top of the sink drain, letting gunk slide in around it. Yet it's impossible to pick up without using your (ewww) fingernails. And those fingernails will be picking up a rusting metal edge, if yours grows old at all like mine did. This gadget is better than nothing as a sink strainer ( unlike the  miserable Sinktastic, which I find hopelessly misdesigned) but it's still far inferior to any good stainless steel mesh strainer. (Do a web search for "sink mesh strainer".) This one slides around on top of the sink drain, letting gunk slide in around it. Yet it's impossible to pick up without using your (ewww) fingernails. And those fingernails will be picking up a rusting metal edge, if yours grows old at all like mine did. Well, "grows old" is overly charitable to this cheaply finished thing. I think I used mine for maybe the equivalent of 30 full kitchen hours before the paint along the edges began to chip and the underlying metal began to severely corrode. Well, "grows old" is overly charitable to this cheaply finished thing. I think I used mine for maybe the equivalent of 30 full kitchen hours before the paint along the edges began to chip and the underlying metal began to severely corrode. One way this might be made reasonably useful is if you sealed it in place with a waterproof nontoxic silicone caulk so it didn't move around. Then you could scrub it right there in the sink and never deal with prying it out for cleaning etc. One way this might be made reasonably useful is if you sealed it in place with a waterproof nontoxic silicone caulk so it didn't move around. Then you could scrub it right there in the sink and never deal with prying it out for cleaning etc. Yechhh...
 I totally agree with the previous reviewer.  This pan is terrible.  I also ended up with only tops.  I suppose you could put paper muffin cups in, but what would be the point of buying this pan then???  Also, these do not nest like a regular metal pan (the sled takes up a lot of room).  DO NOT BUY THIS
 I received the gelato maker in the mail and was eady to try it out.  Got all the ingredients together and in the bowl and loaded it into the machine.  I turned on the machine as per the directions and it beeped and flashed at my just like it is supposed to do when it has been on too long and the machine is freezing up.  I was not very happy with this predicament at all
 Mine died after 6 months - half the heating elements stopped working, toasting only one side of the bread.  Took it apart - no loose or broken wires, so must have been the circuitry.  Chucked it in the garbage.While it was working, it would jam easily.  The push-down handle has a flimsy metal tang that twists easily (when kids or oafish adults use it).  The tang then rubs against the slot, incinerating the toast
 I have always had a percolator so having cuisinart products and another percolator by them I ordered this one.  I received it the first of Sept. 2006 and on Nov. 10 plugged it in, it sparked at the pot and that was it GONE!! I am sick about this as I had thought Cuisinart was a step above the rest
 I am very pleased with the dishes.  Years ago I owned Corelle dishes, and am now wondering why I went the way of the heavier dishes.  They don't scratch or take up a lot of space.  I bought two sets.  I love love the colors and my table settings are so nice to look at, especially since I purchased table mats with big orange blooms to put the dishes on and celery napkins to match. It really makes for a beautiful table. I get compliments all the time.  I was also very pleased with how quickly I received the dishes  - in about 3 days.  I am always happy with my purchases made through Amzon.com
 I expected the dishes to be more substantial. The plates are very light and thin, more like melamine in feel. The colors on the dinner plates and bowls are like in the pictures seen on the internet so they are what I expected. Very disappointed with the cups- I bought two sets, and only 1 of the 8 cups had ALMOST the same color intensity as the dinner plates-the others were so faded (kinda like when your color cartridge in your computer is outta ink) they looked like, either rejects,or they had gone through a heavy load dishwash 100 time
 We bought this to use at events for a chocolate-themed group at college, and used it several times before giving up.The cord is in the way, you need a shallow dish to pour the batter into so you can dip the crepe maker, and the crepes tend to fall off half-baked. We eventually gave up---now we just put chocolate on waffles
 The pad sent to me did not match the description or photo.  The neck on the pad is very narrow.  The photograph depicts a different type of ironing board than the one the cover actually fits.  I bought two of these and had to return them both as they did not fit the board.  I was stuck paying the shipping, thus penalizing me for a product that was misrepresented
 Arrived defective,right out of the box. Will not oscillate; something inside is obviously amiss.So why even bother with it 
     The other reviews are correct,except they fail to mention that the fan does not move air.That is why it is so quite.I do suppose that I got 13 dollars worth of fan though.Think twice about purchasing this fan
 difficult to start and difficult to maintain flame.  would think twice before buying again.   especially difficult if one is left handed
 My Son, who is a Culinary graduate, purchased a set of OXO knives for me as a gift.  I know they were not inexpensive.   However, within a year, three of the six knives seperated from the grips during use.   While the grips are quite nice, the knives are dangerous to use and can cause serious injury in the kitchen.   They should be removed from the market.   In all three cases, the blades flipped upwards during slicing.  
 Sorry to disagree with other reviewers, but my experience of the paring knife was that it's perhaps the softest metal I've ever seen used in a knife, and as a result, it's not very sharp and doesn't improve if you try sharpening it. My friend, a fellow cook who got it as a gift, doesn't like it; I hated it and would never choose to use it. There's a reason the price is so low
 This grinder worked well for about two months before the internal spring that holds the nutmeg in place became loose. Now there is so little pressure against the nutmeg, that the blade can no longer do any grinding. In addition, the size and shape of the entire mill are awkward for my small hands. This grinder worked well for about two months before the internal spring that holds the nutmeg in place became loose. Now there is so little pressure against the nutmeg, that the blade can no longer do any grinding. In addition, the size and shape of the entire mill are awkward for my small hands. I regret not having read the other reviews before buying this.
 This product has a cute name, but it is very difficult to use.  I constantly have to take the nutmeg out and re-adjust it.  Larger nutmegs do not fit in the storage area.  It's a lot of work to get a little bit of nutmeg - disappointing
 Received this toaster as a Christmas present in 2004.  From day one I was not very happy with it.  The knobs and temperature control are difficult to use - sometimes it would bake good, other times it would not.  About 6 months ago I noticed the numbers were rubbed off of the timer dial.  About 3 months ago the timer dial became loose and it was difficult to set the time.  Today the timer dial broke off completely.  So I got about a year and a half of poor use out of it.  So, don't purchase this product, it is not worth it. 
 Unfortunately, I ordered these twice and received rectangular bakers instead.  This was *not* Amazon's fault, but Emile Henry's for mislabling the box as oval bakers when they were not.  In fairness to Amazon, they tried to make it right but had a difficult time doing so since the contents of the box were mislabled.Unfortunately, I ordered these twice and received rectangular bakers instead.  This was *not* Amazon's fault, but Emile Henry's for mislabling the box as oval bakers when they were not.  In fairness to Amazon, they tried to make it right but had a difficult time doing so since the contents of the box were mislabled.Althought I would have preferred the oval bakers, I kept the rectangular ones and do like them
 It is really the worst coffee maker I had. It is too slow, the automatic stopper always breakes and the coffee pot is useless, because you can not pour in a cup without making a mes
 The professional 5 qt. series has a wider bowl than the regular 5 quart.  I was given no info. that it would not fit this model. I was dissapointed as I feel this attachment would be helpfu
 I BOUGHT THIS ITEM FOR MY DAUGHTER FOR CHRISTMAS AND AFTER SHE REMOVED IT FROM THE BOX I TOOK A LOOK AT IT TO CHECK IT OVER AND I DISCOVERED THERE WAS MISSING PAINT WHERE THE BAND IS THAT GOES AROUND THE TOP OF THE MIXER. DO I GET THE FEELING THAT THE MIXER I PURCHASED WAS A DEFECT. I ORDERED ANOTHER ONE FOR MY OTHER DAUGHTER AND I WILL HAVE HER CHECK THAT OVER ALSO. I AM NOT HAPPY WITH THIS AND I WILL HAVE TO LOOK INTO THIS MATTER
 I was so excited when i found a contemporary stainless pattern to add to my gift registry.  When i received the 20 piece set at a shower I was very ecited until I washed them and never got to eat off them because they RUST!!!!  I called gourmet settings and they are sending me another set but I am removing the 45 piece set from my registry.  I will use them for picnic silverware not dining roon silverware
 I have tried to purchase this item since May 2006. Without explanation, after my order was processed and I was given a date of delivery the order was cancelled and I received a notice that the  board was not available.How strange is that? If you call the company they tell you the item is availble through Amazon.Would really like to understand what has happened.I feel somewhat less unhappy since I read a review of this very pricey item saying it was not worth the cost.I feel somewhat less unhappy since I read a review of this very pricey item saying it was not worth the cost.I feel somewhat less unhappy since I read a review of this very pricey item saying it was not worth the cost.
 I recently got this set and the 2 piece carving set of the same series. I know I should not have expected much for this great price, but the knives do not have anywhere as good a feel as the classic line of wusthof or the henckels 4 or 5 star knives. They are very light in weight, mostly due to the handles. Much better than a target or kmart knife, and great to start, but I expect to switch mine out with 'real' knives as my budget will allow
 I do not think any human being can fall asleep on this trash. Actually i can not even lie on this for more than 1 minute and I feel low back pain.it has good material but poor design.
 I baked two batches of madelines side by side, one in this pan (set on a baking sheet), and another in a traditional pan with non-stick coating. I brushed both pans with canola oil before using. As per the package instructions, I allowed the madelines in the silicon pan to cool completely before removing them. The madelines in the traditional pan released easily, were golden and high, and had a pronounced design. The other batch were almost soggy (probably from cooling in the pan), flat, pale, and did not have the appearance of a madeline. To make matters worse, they did not release easily, and a few of them even broke as I attempted to remove them. I would not recommend this pan
 What the heck is going on?  I ordered this item 3 weeks ago, it has not delivered yet.  So I can't even make a review on this item
 Why do manufacturers always have to change a good thing?  Why do manufacturers always have to change a good thing?  I had a Rival crockpot for over 12 years.  It always worked great.  The idea behind a crockpot is to cood slow and low.  My old Rival cooked at 150 degrees on the "Low" setting.  I had a Rival crockpot for over 12 years.  It always worked great.  The idea behind a crockpot is to cood slow and low.  My old Rival cooked at 150 degrees on the "Low" setting.  I use the old Rival all the time, and decided to get a second one so I could use them both simutaneouly and cook two recipes at the same time.  I looked at the reviews for the electronic Rival models.  Everyone said they cooked too hot.  So I finally purchased this 6.5 quart model with the simple knob control.I use the old Rival all the time, and decided to get a second one so I could use them both simutaneouly and cook two recipes at the same time.  I looked at the reviews for the electronic Rival models.  Everyone said they cooked too hot.  So I finally purchased this 6.5 quart model with the simple knob control.Well, I filled the crockpot full of 8 lb.s of chicken.  The next morning, I could smell the burning food.  I looked in the pot, and the chicken was boiling on the "Low" setting.  Well, I filled the crockpot full of 8 lb.s of chicken.  The next morning, I could smell the burning food.  I looked in the pot, and the chicken was boiling on the "Low" setting.  So, the next night I filled it full of a vegetable soup recipe.  The next morning, the soup was boiling over ... again on the "Low" setting.  The veggies were overcooked and mushy.  I measured the temperature and it was 195 degrees.So, the next night I filled it full of a vegetable soup recipe.  The next morning, the soup was boiling over ... again on the "Low" setting.  The veggies were overcooked and mushy.  I measured the temperature and it was 195 degrees.I won't buy anymore Rival products.  I only gave this 2 stars because I guess you could conceivably use it to make soup ... If you're willing to stand over it and turn it off when it starts to overboil
 flimsy. mine started rusting after 2 months. but then again, what can one expect for this price
 Although this grill has all the design elements I wanted - easy to use, quick to clean, and very compact, it is very cheaply made.  After just 3 uses, One of the joints that adheres the top to the bottom broke.  Had I not reacted quickly, I would have been burned.  We were very fortunate that our child was kept away from ever using it.Although this grill has all the design elements I wanted - easy to use, quick to clean, and very compact, it is very cheaply made.  After just 3 uses, One of the joints that adheres the top to the bottom broke.  Had I not reacted quickly, I would have been burned.  We were very fortunate that our child was kept away from ever using it.Upon close examination, we found the weak joint to be made of some sort of brittle, composite material, NOT metal.  It's such a disappointment to see such a terrific design implemented so poorly. 
 Good idea bad product. Worked great 2 weeks. Magnets fell off end of week 2. Probe quit week 3. Costs more to return for repair than it is worth
 This thermometer is very cheaply made. It feels flimsy and the magnets on the back won't hold it secure on a metal surface
 I honestly liked the blender a lot.  I received it as a gift and it matched the rest of my kitchen's KitchenAid appliances-- range, refrigerator, dishwasher, pretty much everything other than the toaster oven.  At the time, there could be no better blender.  It looked great.  It promised professional performance.  It had KitchenAid's brand and durability behind it.  I honestly liked the blender a lot.  I received it as a gift and it matched the rest of my kitchen's KitchenAid appliances-- range, refrigerator, dishwasher, pretty much everything other than the toaster oven.  At the time, there could be no better blender.  It looked great.  It promised professional performance.  It had KitchenAid's brand and durability behind it.  I use my blender for making tomato sauce and the occasional fruit smoothie.  There is some amount of ice crushing required, but that shouldn't be an issue.  I certainly was not a weekly let alone a daily user.  So, 3 years after I got the blender, I went to turn it on and it is completely dead-- no light on the on button.  Changed outlets and still nothing.  It's done.  What an incredible dissappointment.I use my blender for making tomato sauce and the occasional fruit smoothie.  There is some amount of ice crushing required, but that shouldn't be an issue.  I certainly was not a weekly let alone a daily user.  So, 3 years after I got the blender, I went to turn it on and it is completely dead-- no light on the on button.  Changed outlets and still nothing.  It's done.  What an incredible dissappointment.But, it seems to me that the KitchenAid brand has really taken an awful turn since it was acquired by Whirlpool(?).  First, my dishwasher broke (3 repair jobs) then my stand mixer's seals are loose.  I called customer service about trying to buy a replacement thermometer for my range and after endless re-routing, I got no where.  The fridge has minor issues (loose rails, pieces not refitting) and is probably the best of the lot.But, it seems to me that the KitchenAid brand has really taken an awful turn since it was acquired by Whirlpool(?).  First, my dishwasher broke (3 repair jobs) then my stand mixer's seals are loose.  I called customer service about trying to buy a replacement thermometer for my range and after endless re-routing, I got no where.  The fridge has minor issues (loose rails, pieces not refitting) and is probably the best of the lot.I did some research.  Apparently, KitchenAid is just licensing its name out on various products.  So, realistically, there is no such thing as KitchenAid quality anymore since they don't make much of anything.  Everything is just a re-branded product.  Whirlpool is going to milk the brand premium until its reputation catches up to it.I did some research.  Apparently, KitchenAid is just licensing its name out on various products.  So, realistically, there is no such thing as KitchenAid quality anymore since they don't make much of anything.  Everything is just a re-branded product.  Whirlpool is going to milk the brand premium until its reputation catches up to it.From a once KitchenAid loyalist, avoid this product-- yes it's beautiful but it's not going to last.  Avoid all KitchenAid products because they really are not what they once were
 Well, I can't say that I didn't like this thing at first.  It came with a little scoopy to dig out your coffee beans and grinds.  At first it seems like a nice little unit.  I poured a pot of water into it in order to do away with any oils left over from manufacturing.  I say you should run 3 pots of water through it before use (filterless of course).  After a few uses, I noticed that the carafe does spill out onto the counter if you do not pour slowly.  If you want your coffee now and have no time to pour, don't get this item.  After having this machine for 3 weeks now, and using it constantly every morning, I have finally decided that it is near total crap.  I just made a pot of coffee this morning when the machine decided it would spurt some hot air &amp; water which caused the grinds blow all over the place.  Spilling out of the top onto the carafe and drooling hot coffee and grinds all over the counter.  How nice.  If you're going to buy a cheap coffee maker, spend the extra 5 or 6 dollars and get a semi-decent one.  Toastmaster should stick to toasting.  If you do decided to get this, buy some towels and a mop as well
 I should have listened to the other reviews! Point 1. This machine is not only just "noisy", it CONTINUES to be loud, intermittently! Picture this: You are sipping your hot drink while reading the newspaper, relaxed, the house quiet, when like a knife cutting the silence, a loud grinding sound flies from the kitchen, your dog starts howling & barking, you jump and relaxation is out the window! It "recycles" as long as you leave it on.Point 1. This machine is not only just "noisy", it CONTINUES to be loud, intermittently! Picture this: You are sipping your hot drink while reading the newspaper, relaxed, the house quiet, when like a knife cutting the silence, a loud grinding sound flies from the kitchen, your dog starts howling & barking, you jump and relaxation is out the window! It "recycles" as long as you leave it on.Point 2. It took me TWO cycles (20 minutes) before the stuff was hot enough for me. I like beverages to be as hot as coffee.Point 2. It took me TWO cycles (20 minutes) before the stuff was hot enough for me. I like beverages to be as hot as coffee.Point 3. Take out your best scrubber & roll up your sleeves!! For every use, you have to scrub the thick coating off the bottom of the non-immersable pitcher PLUS totally take apart the spout, clean it & put it back together (it has 5 parts). Hope you have time for this!Point 3. Take out your best scrubber & roll up your sleeves!! For every use, you have to scrub the thick coating off the bottom of the non-immersable pitcher PLUS totally take apart the spout, clean it & put it back together (it has 5 parts). Hope you have time for this!Point 4. Froth? What froth? That's froth?? Stirring my drink with a spoon makes it look like that.Point 4. Froth? What froth? That's froth?? Stirring my drink with a spoon makes it look like that.Point 4. Froth? What froth? That's froth?? Stirring my drink with a spoon makes it look like that.Final analysis: I can make the same thing in the microwave with less cleanup
 Liked the product when it was working.Liked the product when it was working.I used the machine about 4 times a week for 18 months. It will mix the ingredients but does not heat up the drink any more
 I should have listened when the other reviewers said to stay away from this steamer.  Now I wish I had spent the extra $60 and gotten one from Jiffy.I should have listened when the other reviewers said to stay away from this steamer.  Now I wish I had spent the extra $60 and gotten one from Jiffy.The box the unit arrived in was pretty beat up and did not look like it had been professionally taped.  It definitely looked like it had been returned by another customer, and lucky me, I got sloppy seconds.The box the unit arrived in was pretty beat up and did not look like it had been professionally taped.  It definitely looked like it had been returned by another customer, and lucky me, I got sloppy seconds.I read the instructions and assembled it carefully, but the performance is just awful.  Even after letting it heat up for two minutes and then holding the trigger for 30 seconds, as the instructions indicate, it lets out a pathetic gasp of steam.  Additionally, it sprays out great gobs of water all over the clothes, and I don't mean a few spots of water like you get with any  steamer
 I ordered this stupid thing one month ago and they delayed multiple times and kept saying delay. These things will never come. So never expect cheap things from Amazon although they tried very hard to convince you to wait.
 For fifteen years I've talked about getting a good stand mixer and my sweet husband went out and bought me this one. He bought it on sale at Cosco last Spring, then stored it until we moved back to the States from Europe and gave it to me as a housewarming gift in Nov.  I've used it a few times but the paddle and whisk don't reach the bottom of the bowl and the screw meant for adjustment will NOT tighten any further.  I can't get into the bowl at all while it is in the upward position... to scape or to add ingredients. I like to make crepes, which calls for adding sifted flour gradually over eggs while beating. It's impossible with this machine. I get a gluey mass at the bottom of the bowl, unmixed... and the batter is full of lumps.  If I want to scape the bowl, (which is frequently necessary since the paddle or whisk doesn't reach all the way to the sides of the bowl) I have to stop the machine and lower the bowl each time, and even then, with the paddle or whisk attached, it's not easy to reach the sides of the bowl towards the back. You can't turn the bowl without removing it from the stand completely. You have to yank on the bowl and lift at the same time to remove it from the stand. This takes a fair amount of force to maneuver. It's impossible to remove the paddle or whisk without first letting it drop completely into the batter. The speeds are not variable enough. It seems to be either ploddingly slow or so fast that any liquid or flour flies out. It's a monumental disappointment and I'm frustrated because it's been so long since he bought it, I can't imagine they would allow it to be returned. So, I still mix everything by hand or use my stick mixer and feel crumby about the big white doorstop taking up counter space
 Rating should be "0" but that wasn't a choice.  I ordered this item at beginning of July pending move to a place that didn't have a dishwasher.  They backordered it until August 10.  So I waited and didn't have sanitized dishes in the meantime for myself and my 12 pets.  Then, on August 9, they sent me an email saying "we can't get this item, we're cancelling the order."  I have gone 5 weeks without a dishwasher!  Now I have to go find another online store to order from.  Target may advertise the cheapest price but THEY DON'T DELIVER
 This thing is a piece of junk! It's the only blender I've ever seen that comes with a "stir stick" to unclog the sides of the jar (where the stuff all goes instead of into the blades). This should have been a clue that the thing wasn't very well designed, and it wasn't. It ALWAYS needed to be stirred when making any kind of smoothie, several times, which made the process a real pain. Also, the drain spout is a great place for food to hide and get nasty. Except for the jar it's pretty cheap plastic. But it's in the trash now because the couleing fried itself after two months. Good riddance
 The "brushed chrome" is plastic. The spout leaks, and the motor burned out in one week. On top of that the store where I purchased it, Kitchen Kapers wouldn't let me return it saying it wasn't designed for drinks that require crushing ice. Why then do some of the recipes in the manual call for ice cubes? 
 I had received this set for my Birthday from a friend.  When we unpacked the set we noticed the 8 Quart pot was scratched on the interior.  This made the non-stick aspect of the pot worthless.  I gave the pots back to my friend and he returned them to Amazon and had a new set sent out.  When we received the new set the 8 quart pot again had scratches inside the pot.  I thought I would contact Calphalon to inquire about the damage and see what they had to say.  I called the Calphalon customer service number but was on hold for so long I gave up.  In retrospect I would spend the extra money and stay away from the non-stick surfaces with teflon coating which are prone to scratch easily.  If you get the Calphalon One Infused-Anodized pans which you will never have to replace let alone deal with the lack of customer service.  Remember the old saying "you get what you pay for."  I don't think these non-stick pans will look very good after a years worth of use.  If you do choose to buy these pans examine them when you open the box for damage
 After many years of buying and discarding inferior knife sharpeners I have finally found one that sharpens even my dullest knives. 
 This is a poorly made product. After a few months of use, the blade broke off. The handle is hard, brittle plastic covered with soft plastic. The blade extends into the brittle plastic only a little bit. The results were inevitable. Pure junk
 We have had the coffee maker about 2 months. It makes good coffee but if you pour water too quickly into the left side of the reservoir you get air bubbles in the water level indicator. Told to pour on the right side...The heating plate covering has come off on about 1/2 of the surface. What gives with that???Time to take it back and get another machine
 We had a Krups for about 4 years at the office and the coffee was good. We needed to replace it because the Carafe broke and there was no replacement available (they discontinued the model and the carafe - thanks Krups). So, we replaced it with the FM4. I didn't like the coffee from the start - but I figured it would get better. Two weeks later, I dumped it for a Bunn B10-B which got good ratings here. Get the Bunn - it makes a good cup of coffee.We had a Krups for about 4 years at the office and the coffee was good. We needed to replace it because the Carafe broke and there was no replacement available (they discontinued the model and the carafe - thanks Krups). So, we replaced it with the FM4. I didn't like the coffee from the start - but I figured it would get better. Two weeks later, I dumped it for a Bunn B10-B which got good ratings here. Get the Bunn - it makes a good cup of coffee.We always use Starbuck's coffee
 My wife stopped me punishing any more innocent tomatoes when the Oxo Mandoline, my chopping board and the kitchen floor and walls were dripping with red 'stuff'.My wife stopped me punishing any more innocent tomatoes when the Oxo Mandoline, my chopping board and the kitchen floor and walls were dripping with red 'stuff'.Captain Correlli could not have played this gadget. It is totally useless and now resides half way up one of our trees 50 metres from our kitchen door
 You have the bottom of the pan clad in stainless steel...the advantage of that? You can dishwasher stainless. But you can't dishwasher nonstick! You just have the disadvantage of slower heating than you would with straight aluminum underneath.You have the bottom of the pan clad in stainless steel...the advantage of that? You can dishwasher stainless. But you can't dishwasher nonstick! You just have the disadvantage of slower heating than you would with straight aluminum underneath.And then you put teflon on something that costs over $100...the pan will last 50 or more years, the nonstick about five if you use it lightly and don't let some idiot put metal on it ever.And then you put teflon on something that costs over $100...the pan will last 50 or more years, the nonstick about five if you use it lightly and don't let some idiot put metal on it ever.There's no indication that they will resurface your pan either...the warranty just covers defects, not use.There's no indication that they will resurface your pan either...the warranty just covers defects, not use.I think this is very wasteful economically, if not environmentally (because it is a massive yet not durable product, even if you recycle it). You can get a cheaper nonstick that will serve you for the five years just fine (e.g. Calphalon commercial), and better you can get this pan without the teflon and learn how to season your own cookware and make it even more nonstick than this can ever be and yet utterly indestructible, even with metal utensils.I think this is very wasteful economically, if not environmentally (because it is a massive yet not durable product, even if you recycle it). You can get a cheaper nonstick that will serve you for the five years just fine (e.g. Calphalon commercial), and better you can get this pan without the teflon and learn how to season your own cookware and make it even more nonstick than this can ever be and yet utterly indestructible, even with metal utensils.People will only buy this for the looks. After all, they don't know how to cook anyway
 YOU ARE BETTER ROLLING YOUR WINDOWS DOWN! THIS THING DOES NOT WORK. I HAVE A SHARPER IMAGE ONE THAT IS ALOT BETTER. THIS ONE IS A GENERIC IMITATION THAT DOES NOT CLEAN THE AIR. CRAP!!!!!
 indeed, there is a glass bottom, the walls are nonstick, there are even two nice handles. The seal between the actual pan and the glass bottom leaks something terrible if you use it in a bain marie. apart from that though, it's fine
 The spoon handle is crooked and there are marks/damage to the wood. Avoid
 I bought 2 sets expecting them to be as good as the other Corning products I have used for over 30 years.  1 piece cracked in half while cooking vegetable in the microwave and one piece cracked in half while baking chicken in the oven!  I wrote to the company and they have not responded
 These are substandard thin towels.  They are cheap.  The current price is far too much to pay, and they should be about a buck each.These are substandard thin towels.  They are cheap.  The current price is far too much to pay, and they should be about a buck each.They are terrible in dealing with liquid because they are so thin.They are terrible in dealing with liquid because they are so thin.I find the pictures here deceptive...there is nothing here that you can't find in your grocery store cheaper.
 After 5 washings, these towels still shed like a mother. Grrr
 I bought this with a lot of expectations hoping to cook indoor healthy grilled meats during winter. As soon as I saw the pan I was a little disappointed with the ridges. They are deep (which is good) but very thin and not thick as it appears in the product photos. So your meats will be less brown.I bought this with a lot of expectations hoping to cook indoor healthy grilled meats during winter. As soon as I saw the pan I was a little disappointed with the ridges. They are deep (which is good) but very thin and not thick as it appears in the product photos. So your meats will be less brown.After rubbing it with a litlle oil before cooking I set out to make my first set of turkey burgers. Now the way I make my burgers is by adding some chopped onions, garlic, and green chillies to the ground meat. That is where the pan gave problems. The meat cooked ok but the small pieces of chopped onions, garlic, and chillies that fell out of the patties got burnt very fast and stuck to the pan making it difficult to clean. I spent about 20 mins cleaning each time.After rubbing it with a litlle oil before cooking I set out to make my first set of turkey burgers. Now the way I make my burgers is by adding some chopped onions, garlic, and green chillies to the ground meat. That is where the pan gave problems. The meat cooked ok but the small pieces of chopped onions, garlic, and chillies that fell out of the patties got burnt very fast and stuck to the pan making it difficult to clean. I spent about 20 mins cleaning each time.For cooking meat that is seasoned only this pan may be ok. For me it is sitting in the closet after two tries. I did not return it because the shipping costs would have made returning it too expensive in itself.For cooking meat that is seasoned only this pan may be ok. For me it is sitting in the closet after two tries. I did not return it because the shipping costs would have made returning it too expensive in itself.Update (12/18/2004) I bought a Hamilton Beach 31603 Electric grill for around $20 which is tremendous. It is non-stick, dish-washer compatible and cooks great.Update (12/18/2004) I bought a Hamilton Beach 31603 Electric grill for around $20 which is tremendous. It is non-stick, dish-washer compatible and cooks great.
 I got this with my food saver.   It cracked in just a few uses.   I'm not pleased with Jardian either.   I was injured and can't talk when I tried to turn in a complaint by Email.   They said I needed to get a friend or family member to call them on the phone in order to get help.   What ever happened to equal access for the handicapped?    Maybe we handicapped should take our business elsewhere
 I was not happy with this item at all.  The pillowcases are really thin and after washing and drying them, they are extremely wrinkled.  They also had "pills" on them after washing them before they were even used.  Very unsatisfactory
 Read the one review,five stars,have no clue as to why.It  is a piece of JUNK.First the handle closes on my fingers  continously,next it barely heats ,even on high,very poor  steam.The teflon soleplate is rough and drags on the fabric.I wasted my money on a piece of trash from China.   Hope this does someone some good.BEWAR
 I realize I'm in the minority here, but I do not find this can opener comfortable to use.  The crank does have a "good grip", but I'm not trying to grip it, I'm trying to turn it.   I do this by putting my right thumb under the near end and pushing up, with my index finger on the far end pushing down.  The knob's shape (relatively short, fat in the middle and tapering to rounded ends) makes this cumbersome and tiring.  It does open cans cleanly most of the time, but If i'm opening a large can or several cans, I reach for my old basic Swingaway (which sells, incidentally, for less than half the price of this OXO)
 Image is not the cover we received and needed. Color was correct. The product seemed to be good quality. Very disappointed it was not what we thought it was. Still shopping for a cover to fit a board as shown.Poor Marketing
 I received this saute pan for Xmas.  I have other Caphalon (no-stick) pans and was delighted, based on claimed attributes of their top-of-line pan.  However, my pan did not have a flat bottom which is a problem on an electric range. I returned to Caphalon and hav'nt heard a thing. I tired to claim lost but ups has proof of delivery - I would like to get a known reliable brand. I dislike poor products, am extremly disappointed with the service and total inconvience of the warranty program.
 I love OXO products for the most part but this product just is not well designed.  It does open larger jars but it is clumsy and difficult to use. My husband and I have arthritis and I was hoping this opener would open twist off soda or water bottles that always seem to give us trouble.  The opening is way too big to accomplish that so, back it went to the supermarket.  I had hopes this OXO product could solve our bottle opening problem but since it doesn't, I am rating this only one star. 
 I have a dead knife.  This is a dangerous knife.  As I was cutting something the handle and knife broke.  I was only cutting cheese.  This should not happen with a good knife.  I loved it until it almost caused me major damage.  So be careful with this one
 I am a man who loves his tea.  I drink up to a dozen cups a day, so I use my tea ball quite frequently.  My major complaint with most tea balls, and the reason I must always replace them is that eventually the clip begins to not fasten securely.  Over time this gets worse, and the tea ball becomes unusable.  There are other balls with clips that are a bit more sturdy.  I am a man who loves his tea.  I drink up to a dozen cups a day, so I use my tea ball quite frequently.  My major complaint with most tea balls, and the reason I must always replace them is that eventually the clip begins to not fasten securely.  Over time this gets worse, and the tea ball becomes unusable.  There are other balls with clips that are a bit more sturdy.  I just got this tea ball in the mail a week ago, and while it is still usable, the clip is already losing its grip.  Look somewhere else for a tea ball. 
 If you like scrapping food out of the bottom of a frying pan then this is the one to buy! Adding oil or cooking sprays did not help, even bacon slices stick to this pan! I finally gave up and purchased a professional non stick frying pan and love it. This pan is going in my next garage sale
 I bought a machine similar to this one late last year - it broke after about 30 cups.  The 'tap' for the steam jammed.  I'm still waiting for the repaired machine to be returned after 3 months - yes months, not weeks.  According to DeLonghi service it will be another month before it's repaired.  I have no faith this will happen, nor that it will work for any length of time after I receive it.  Their service people, while reasonably pleasant, don't help - they know virtually nothing and seem reluctant to go beyond just answering your questions.  If you're smart, you'll go buy a coffee machine from someone else
 I bought these classes earlier today because they are attractive and inexpensive.  I placed them in the dishwasher to clean them all prior to use, and one was cracked and a small fragment of glass had broken away after the cycle was done.  I then checked Amazon's reviews, and found that this was a common experience.  They're going back to the store tomorrow. 
 It doesn't break, chip, or even discolor, but the base has a compound kick (depression on the outside and protrusion on the inside.  This makes a very messy exit from the dishwasher and precludes removal of debris on the inside.It doesn't break, chip, or even discolor, but the base has a compound kick (depression on the outside and protrusion on the inside.  This makes a very messy exit from the dishwasher and precludes removal of debris on the inside.Why hasn't any one noticed? Where's the reviews? I own a dishwasher (gee-) and this is a very irritating function-having to drain the glass, dry again, and place in my cabinent-geez!Why hasn't any one noticed? Where's the reviews? I own a dishwasher (gee-) and this is a very irritating function-having to drain the glass, dry again, and place in my cabinent-geez!Don't buy it unless you have maids and butlers.  The again don't buy it because they'll get miffed too!Don't buy it unless you have maids and butlers.  The again don't buy it because they'll get miffed too!
 I am simply amazed that anyone can be satisfied with this pan.  I bought this pan last week.  I fried bacon it on medium heat (as advised by salesperson).  Bacon stuck.  Fried eggs on medium heat.  Eggs stuck.  Ok, must be my fault--try low heat.  I fried bacon on low heat.  Bacon stuck.  Fried eggs on low heat.  Eggs stuck.  Pan would not come clean with hand washing and mild soap (as the instructions advise).  I promptly returned the pan and got a non-stick.  My life is much better.  Do NOT be fooled by the pan's good looks.  Think its just me?  My wife's sister bought the same pan.  Her report: everything sticks.  My sister has the pan.  She hates it!  Guess what?  Everything sticks.  How can a product be so popular and perform so aweful?  You are hereby on notice. 
 I've had this for about 2 months and the handle snapped right off.  When it was working it was great, but for the price I expected to get more than 6 uses!  I'm very disappointed
 This pan is a pure junk. There are already a couple of reviews and the people recognize that this is NOT a non-stick surface. This is true to the very end, I mean everything sticks like hell. This pan is a pure junk. There are already a couple of reviews and the people recognize that this is NOT a non-stick surface. This is true to the very end, I mean everything sticks like hell. So, if it sticks, why not buy a stainless steel pan instead. All this polymer invention is complete b**ls**t !!! It doesn't do anything ! I am returning this and I'll get a 1 yr-lasting nonstick calphalon from amazon.
 I used this seemingly incredible product and accidentally left it in the oven during a self-cleaning.  It completely evaporated and left teflon covering the entire interior of the oven. I had to replace the oven! It was toxic from the teflon powder.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!
 I was really excited to get the aluminum foil out of the bottom of my oven when I found this product, however, it didn't last very long.I was really excited to get the aluminum foil out of the bottom of my oven when I found this product, however, it didn't last very long.After less than two months use in my gas oven, this liner turned white and brittle because the non-stick surface had baked off!  I have never baked above 425 degrees, so the claims that it will withstand 550 degrees are outlandish.  Don't waste your money
 i have a lot of experience with steamers over the years - mine as well as others used in stores. stupid me, then, for not realizing that you get what you pay for. my jiffy steamer finally died after nine years, but it served me well. it is a machine of substance, solid parts, very stable. trust me - you don't want to scrimp when it comes to working with a device designed to produce streams of hot steam! i foolishly tried to save some money by getting the conair gs10rh, and i'm returning it immediately. the well into which the telescoping pole sits is just about 1 inch deep - not deep enough to keep the pole stable. the brackets to hold the telescoped parts extended aren't firm - any heavy jacket will make them slide. the housing itself is amazingly lightweight; i thought that was a good thing, but now i know why the jiffy steamer's housing seems like it weighs a ton - you really do want the unit to be solidly anchored. handling a steamer is a serious matter. don't take on unnecessary risk by getting an inexpensive, poorly designed, lightweight steamer like the conair. spend the extra money for the product that has been the standard bearer for years: jiffy. you won't regret it. and even though mine died after nine years, i have no regrets, and now i'll do the right thing and get another
 The design features for the on/off switch is a good idea if you have dry hands and are prone to dropping things.  Otherwise, the on/off switch is not good at all.  The button is hard to press down and is a trigger type switch that does not allow for the blade to be left in the on position.  You actually need to keep a lot of pressure of the switch to keep it going.  The blade was sharp for the one and only time I used it.  I took it back right after Thanksgiving
 I was given Mr. Bento as a gift last summer. I was so excited! I bring a lunch to work every day, and I thought Mr. Bento would be the perfect solution to packing a well-organized, balanced, and easy-to-carry lunch. You can imagine my dismay when the Mr. Bento containers leaked day after day. Anything remotely soft came out from the containers, which do not seal in a tupperware sort of way. Cute? Yes. Impress your co-workers? Yes. But practical? No.
 I have owned this blender for two years now and will have to replace it due to one of the plastic mixer pieces snapping off, causing it to continually leak. Unfortunately it appears that I have to buy a whole new unit instead of just the pitcher portion.I have owned this blender for two years now and will have to replace it due to one of the plastic mixer pieces snapping off, causing it to continually leak. Unfortunately it appears that I have to buy a whole new unit instead of just the pitcher portion.Overall, there were definitely questions of durability over the years as small pieces broke off one by one, but it did tend to blend things. Overall, there were definitely questions of durability over the years as small pieces broke off one by one, but it did tend to blend things. As a blender alone: It was not the most effective blender I have ever seen but neither was it the worst. It was truly mediocre through and through. As a blender alone: It was not the most effective blender I have ever seen but neither was it the worst. It was truly mediocre through and through. As a smoothie maker: the mechanism used for the pour spout didn't allow any chunks to pass through, and it never quite seemed to blend well enough to break up those chunks. So as a smoothie maker it was not a good choice.On the good side, the stainless does look nice... although it was a little tall
 This is the worst blender I've ever used. Bought it to make smoothies, but it has a hard time grinding frozen things. It never completely chops up frozen fruit, so I always end up sucking down huge hunks of semi-mushy fruit when I try to blend with this thing. Not pleasant. It's also loud and it moves a lot. Sometimes it vibrates so hard the carafe detaches slightly from the base, and when you lift the carafe to pour your drink into a glass you find a fruity puddle in the base's well. I strongly discourage anyone from ever purchasing this horrible thing
      I have brewed coffee with and without the ridiculously expensive filters and cannot tell the difference. If there was, I still wouldn't pay this much for plastic and charcoal. What were the designers thinking ??? It is just coffee, not fine wine !
 After checking every store I could think of and accepting that I'd have to go online, I laughed out-loud when I saw this price! What was Mr. Coffee thinking? I read the other reviews of these filters and became aware that I don't even need them! Duh, I have filtered water in our house! Thank you Mr. "Train Man." The little carbon filter sounded like a good idea, but my coffee will survive without it. At least it's not a total loss because I like the coffee maker itself. Happy brewing.After checking every store I could think of and accepting that I'd have to go online, I laughed out-loud when I saw this price! What was Mr. Coffee thinking? I read the other reviews of these filters and became aware that I don't even need them! Duh, I have filtered water in our house! Thank you Mr. "Train Man." The little carbon filter sounded like a good idea, but my coffee will survive without it. At least it's not a total loss because I like the coffee maker itself. Happy brewing.
 I am usually very pleased with Oxo products, but this one is a BIG disappointment.  I have not found it to be good for or at anything.  Wished I'd saved the five bucks
 I like the solid construction but I also like strong coffee.  This machine does not "spray the entire filter basket". Instead, water dribbles out of a 2-inch diameter ring, leaving dry grounds at the end of the brew cycle. I sent the first one back.  The replacement does the same thing.  KitchenAid customer service confirms that, despite the discription on Amazon, the unit does not spray the entire filter basket.  I'm sending the replacement back also. If you love strong coffee, don't buy this machine
 I chose this set of knives because of the Calphalon name (I love my cookware!), German steel use, and the description, "Hygienic fiberglass-reinforced poly resin handle will not absorb moisture, crack, split, or chip."  I was disappointed to find that one of the sets I ordered was already showing signs of rust -- even though the set was unused and delivered in a "sealed" box, all four handles had rust marks
 I bought this set of knives 2 years ago.  I have not experienced the rust or pock marks that other reviewers have, and I have been pleased with the way my knives have stayed sharp even with a LOT of use.  The purpose for my buying this set was because of the locking feature.  I have little children at home and wanted to make the knives inaccessable to them.  Unfortunately the locking mechanism is a little too hard to open for me.  Mine gets stuck on lock and then I can't get it open without pulling on it with great force.  And when you are pulling on something full of sharp knives, that is a little uncomfortable to say the least.  I have worried more than once that the force I have had to use to open it would cause the knives to all fly out when it came free.  They never have, but it is unnerving.  I tried to contact Cuisinart about it, to no avail.  No complaints on the knives, and I love that there are extra slots in the block for expanding the set, which I have.  But don't buy the product strictly for the locking feature, it is not worth it
 This thermometer lasted about a month before going in to permanent "Hi" mode. What a ripoff
 Bought my first Vornado years ago, and is the best fan I've ever seen. Decided to get a second one... purchased this model. First unit had bad vibration, returned it. Second unit less vibration, but very noisy. Also returned. When I compare this unit to my original Vornado, the quality of construction is noticeably much inferior. I don't know if this applies to the rest of the Vornado lineup or not.
 More money then its worth.  Makes alot of noise, small, no oscillation
 Mine broke on the 3rd use!  No need to say anymore
 Worked great the first couple of times.  I didn't keep it on the charger for 24 hours (not realizing that this is a problem) and now the battery only works for 10 minutes at a time.  It's now basically worthless
